The Palestinian Authority becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body. But Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki said it was a move toward greater justice.
Theia, a one-year-old bully breed mix, was hit by a car and buried in a field. Four days after her apparent death, the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm. She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. She still requires surgery to help her breathe.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is the Iranian foreign minister. He has been John Kerry's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions. He received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny Friday morning. But there are some facts about Zarif that are less well-known.
The five were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group. One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but hasn't left the area.
Duke student admits to hanging a noose from a tree near a student union, university officials say. The prestigious private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws. The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith, a freshman with Down syndrome, to be his prom date. Trey made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie's P.E. class. "She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to," he said.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014, compared to 778 in 2013. The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year. The U.S. remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment, with only Iran (289+), Iraq (61+), and Saudi Arabia (90+) executing more people.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death. Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," police say. He is the grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, who died in 1976. Gordon Getty spearheaded the controversial sale of Getty to Texaco for $10 billion in 1984.
Maysak gained super typhoon status just a few days ago. It has since lost steam and is now classified as a tropical storm. Authorities are barring outdoor activities like swimming, surfing, diving and boating. It's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province.
Bob Barker returned to host "The Price Is Right" for the first time in eight years. Barker hosted the TV game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007. He handled the first price-guessing game of the show, the classic "Lucky Seven"
Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism, police say. Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Paul Walker's death in November 2013 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the "Fast and Furious" film franchise. The actor was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident. Producers said early on that they would not kill off Walker's character, Brian O'Connor.
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross, the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial. They concluded that Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945.
Mike Pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week. Julian Zelizer: Why would Pence ignore the pleas of Indiana's Chamber of Commerce as well as the Republican mayor of his state capital and sign such a bill? He says there's a very powerful wing of his party that wants a conservative as its 2016 candidate and this bill was Pence's way of shoring up his street cred.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner" Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV. Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the anthem.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues. Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty says Walmart's actions "foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move" The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. In Pakistan, the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians. Iran and Iraq executed people for "terrorism," and other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes. There is no evidence the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
A French prosecutor says he is not aware of any video footage from on board the plane. German daily Bild and Paris Match claim to have found a cell phone video of the crash. A French Gendarmerie spokesman calls the reports "completely wrong" and "unwarranted" German airline Lufthansa says co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression years before he took the controls.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. He was the founder of the television ministry "Hour of Power" He was also founder of Crystal Cathedral, a megachurch in Orange County, California. He sold a softer, gentler message, which borrowed heavily from the father of the feel-good gospel.
Michele Bachmann compares President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran. She personally told him to "bomb Iran" during the 2014 White House Christmas Party.
Louis Jordan, 37, left Conway, South Carolina, to fish in the ocean. A storm capsized his boat and broke his mast, so he couldn't fix it right away. The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued, according to Jordan. The Coast Guard says they have found no reason to doubt Jordan's story.
The U.S. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with Iran. Peter Bergen: The debate that has already begun will likely result in more heat than light. He says there are dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions about the deal. Bergen says the goal was to structure an agreement so that Iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts. A strong dollar allows producers to import crops that may be withering under the absence of West Coast rain or other misfortunes elsewhere in the nation.
Keonna Thomas, 30, is charged with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody. In the past 18 months, the Justice Department has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups.
Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since the 1979 Islamic Revolution. But a top Iranian sports official says that the ban will be lifted for some events. It isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend. The Iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions.
Online activity has emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media, says Peter Bergen. Bergen: Lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is driving force leading disaffected voices to post online. Jailing journalists is one thing, but watching them being killed and doing little about it is another, he says.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "It felt like having all your life sucked out of you," she told People magazine. Lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics. "I really just want to enjoy life from here on out," she said.
Former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson lived in a gaudy, abandoned mansion in Ohio. CNN's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525. Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about the controversial Indiana religious freedom law.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions. "I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," he said. His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, refused to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. Critics said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. Supporters rallied to a GoFundMe page in support of the pizzeria. By the end of the week, more than $842,000 had been raised.
Police in the Indian city of Malegaon, in the western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle. Following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef, authorities in the city have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police.
It's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months. Miracles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood. Louis Jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. The purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang" -- the scientific theory said to explain the creation of the universe.
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013. He pulled into a CVS pharmacy in Forsyth County, Georgia, early Saturday. When agents confronted him, Charleston ran, got in his car and traveled about 75 yards. He collided with the first government vehicle, the Taurus, then the second.
The total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time. People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view. Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse. It won't be visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East.
Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in Kenya. The group is predominantly driven by the same radical interpretation of the Koran as al-Qaeda and ISIS. It is not clear whether it will switch allegiances to ISIS.
Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith, but it's surrounded by interesting quirks. Unlike Christmas, it doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring. And that blood moon we just had -- is it pure coincidence that it fell around Easter? (No.)
The NCAA says it has no legal responsibility "to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes" "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says Gerald Gurney, a former athletic-academic director who is now president of The Drake Group for academic integrity in collegiate sport.
Cassandra C. is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision denying a motion to let the teen go home. The 17-year-old is feeling well and is in good shape as far as her health is concerned.
"Uptown Funk!," featuring Bruno Mars, is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1. "Funk" passes Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines," featuring T.I. and Pharrell.
The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula. The World Meteorological Organization is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee to begin collecting relevant evidence. Researchers who study climate change carefully watch weather changes in the Antarctic region and elsewhere.
The U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act was passed in 1993. So far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law. The law was designed partly to protect the use of peyote, CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says. A tea used by a Brazilian faith is to them like wine used by Catholics at communion.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. was the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia. No other cars were involved in the crash, which occurred shortly before midnight.
Kim Ki-Jong is accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month. He has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment, a court official says.
Rurik Jutting, 29, is charged with two counts of murder in Hong Kong. A court hearing to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May. The bodies of two women were found in a Hong Kong apartment in November.
Thai Smile unveils colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum. The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters. The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4, heading from Bangkok to Phuket.
Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents. In August of that year, she said she wanted to transition to a female. The Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks in Kansas has authorized hormone therapy for her treatment. She is not allowed Internet access in prison, according to The Guardian.
Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal. But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, weakening America's hand and strengthening Iran. Obama's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history. Domestically, it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday. Internationally, it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories, although it won't open in China, Japan and Russia until later.
Deion Sanders Jr. tweeted that he only eats "hood doughnuts" His father reminded him he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line. "You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" the elder Sanders tweeted.
Rolling Stone published an article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia. Dean Obeidallah: Can UVA, Phi Kappa Psi or any of the other fraternities on campus sue for defamation? He says there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action. Obeido: A group that moves from large to small will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit.
The government of Shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed an ordinance on Wednesday. The measure was proposed in February by the district's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara. While the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer, proponents of marriage equality say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital. The cup contaminated with the bacteria was produced at the Broken Arrow plant in April 2014. Listeria bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product from the plant. Five people were infected and three died in the past year in Kansas from listeria.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed.
Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fired his former Army chief of staff on Sunday. Hadi is holed up in Saudi Arabia, which is working to defeat his enemies and reinstall him. Since the bombing campaign began just over a week ago, some 600 people are estimated to have been killed.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done" The groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history.
A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Frank Kaminsky, "F**k that (N-word)." Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect to Kaminsky. Kaminsky -- the 2015 Associated Press player of the year -- said Sunday that he was "over it"
The FBI confirms that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the Philippines. Marwan was believed by the FBI to be a member of southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah's central command. The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The EPA says there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
Comedian Chris Rock documented three traffic stops in seven weeks. Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason. Blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, according to figures reported by the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
Six people hurt after explosion at chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province. Plant produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics. More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California names FedEx as a defendant. Julian Zelizer: Corporations can indeed be prosecuted like a person. He says FedEx argues that it is indeed a common carrier, performing the normal duties. Zelizer asks: Should FedEx be held liable for "possessing" what bad guys may send through it?
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed. The film, to be titled "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS Films. It will be told from the point of view of Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, who retired after the attack.
Model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata. Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing. It's been a busy week for "The Price Is Right" Former host Bob Barker, 91, showed up to run his old show.
Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge. Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains.
"Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. It was not yet known if the full cast, including Jason Bateman, Michael Cera and Will Arnett, will return. The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013, after Fox canceled the show several years before.
"Mad Men" ends its eight-year run Sunday. The show has become part of the national fabric, if never a huge ratings hit. The last season ended with the moon landing in July 1969. With the '60s screaming towards their conclusion, the show probably won't jump ahead much.
"Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the show at the end of this season. "I always knew I wanted Elena's story to be a six season adventure," she said. "If you think you know what's coming, you don't," Dobrev said.
Education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa. She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said. Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large. The arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy.
The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, a Turkish official says. The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says. It didn't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria, which is torn by a four-year war.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire. "The rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," Tass reports. There is no ammunition on board, according to a law enforcement source. The sub had been undergoing repairs since November 2013.
Kayahan was one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters. He was diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest. The cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014, Turkey's semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. He was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people. Zhou controlled police forces, spy agencies, court systems as well as prosecution offices across China.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations. "Coin" comes up eight times, and "purse" and "denarii" get half a dozen mentions each. Jesus and his disciples walked, wore what they had, slept outside or in stayed in friends' homes.
A group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan. Two police officers and a security guard were among the dead. Most staff members and civilians have been rescued, but an exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing.
Sen. Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican. He's tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate. Paul has also questioned the Civil Rights Act, and even claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate. The American people deserve a leader who won't disrespect their intelligence.
TV5Monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets. The outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time on Wednesday. The network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group" ISIS logos and markings appeared on social media accounts.
Etihad Airways lost a 2-year-old cat on a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York. The cat, Felix, went missing after the plane landed at John F. Kennedy Airport. Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the airport.
In Louisville, Kentucky, Sen. Rand Paul announced he will run for president. In Chicago, voters will head to the polls in a runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "Chuy" Garcia. In Ferguson, Missouri, the shadow of Michael Brown and the protests over his shooting by Officer Darren Wilson will loom large over the city's elections.
The fire began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville. There were no reports of anyone injured or trapped. The park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses. It is "revitalizing manufacturing in the United States," GE says.
Ted Cruz is the only official 2016 presidential candidate in Iowa. He's counting on the state's evangelical base to propel him forward in the race. Cruz's first television ads are appearing this weekend during programs on Fox News and NBC that are pegged to Easter Sunday. The past two winners of Iowa's caucuses rose to victory with support from the Christian right.
Kenyans use social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams. The hashtag #147notjustanumber is a reference to the number of people killed at Garissa University College. Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. The attack killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
PG&E is ordered to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. On September 9, 2010, a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in San Bruno, killing eight people.
Jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides.
About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform. The fire began in the platform's dehydration and pumping area, Pemex says. The company denies rumors that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result of the fire.
Easter is unique on the Christian calendar, a major point in the cycle of the religious year. John Anderson: Easter is genuinely about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives. He says Easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection, with its promise of transformation. Anderson: It's worth pausing to explore this crucial holiday -- and the awareness of the human condition.
Police in Lucknow, northern India, have bought four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more. The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300. Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of free speech.
A female employee accused Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, of assault after he made sexual advances at her. The Washington Post reports that the March 31 party was in celebration of Morales' new assignment as head of the Louisville field office. Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended.
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a French police official says. The plane crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps about 6 miles from Seyne-les-Alpes. Authorities say the flight's co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, locked the captain out of the cockpit.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day" Twitter paid homage to the 1995 film "Empire Records" "Mean Girls Day" is officially October 3, given that's when Aaron Samuels asks Cady what day it is. Thanks to the 2000 film "Miss Congeniality," we now know April 25 is the perfect date.
Twisted Sister says its 2016 tour will be its last. Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary. The band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob. A.J. Pero, who died March 20, will be remembered with two shows.
"Grace of Monaco" will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. The Weinstein Co. decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters. The film focuses on a period in the early '60s when Monaco was involved in a stand-off over taxes.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a witness says. One person dies in Fairdale, Illinois, as a twister shreds homes and trees. Hail stones the size of tennis balls plummet down on Ashton, Illinois. Eight tornadoes were reported Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri.
Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. A bystander's cell phone video shows the five-year police veteran shooting at Scott eight times as Scott runs away. The officer initially said that he used a Taser on Scott, who, Slager said, tried to take the weapon.
Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West after the hip-hop star attacked him. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
Don McLean's "American Pie" sold at Christie's for $1.2 million. The song is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock. McLean was a paperboy when he saw that Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens and J.P. "The Big Bopper" Richardson died.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her husband will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20. She was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in Seattle in 1996 when she began an affair with her 13- year-old student. She went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship.
Don McLean's "American Pie" manuscript sells for $1.2 million. It's the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript, Christie's says. The song is one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon. McLean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of Buddy Holly.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American. He says he did it to "dramatically improve" his chances of admission. Frida Ghitis: A medical degree isn't a reward to be earned, but a responsibility to be accepted.
Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members. The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida. The HBO documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief"
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers. A new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver could not be matched to evidence in either case. The state then declined to re-prosecute the case.
B.B. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, his daughter says. "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says in a statement. Last year, the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in Chicago.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a not-so-little baby (about 6 feet tall) There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition. The baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf Jamie.
A U.S. official says Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion. Mosul has long been the big prize in the Iraqi government's fight to defeat ISIS. It has also long been a source of embarrassment, considering how it fell after Iraqi troops dropped their weapons.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" premieres Sunday. It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. Executive producer David Benioff: "We are starting to build to a crescendo, which means the battles have to get bigger"
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years. "The Communist Party, Chairman Mao. Don't mention that old son of a b***h," went Bi's improvised lyrics. Bi later apologized: "My personal speech has led to grave social consequences"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombings. "Justice has been served today," says Richard Donohue, who was wounded in a shootout with the Tsarnaevs. "I may be standing on one fake leg, but I'm standing here, stronger than ever," says survivor Rebekah Gregory.
Richard Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness. Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years. He was one of the few actors to appear in every episode of "L.A. Law" Dysart's range of authority-figure parts ran right to the top.
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, says Peter Bergen. Bergen: The only reason Iran came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough U.S. sanctions. For Khamenei, the "framework" announced last week looks like a win-win, Bergen says.
Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic, social or political issues. The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba. But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension"
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb are both toying with a presidential run. Both shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday night. But, as was evident at the dinner, that is where the similarities end. In a March CNN/ORC poll (PDF) of national Democrats, only 1% said OMalley and Webb were their top choice.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s. The Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released the 11-page document on the movement's website. Several Afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise. "There have been a lot of rumors lately about him. Some people are saying that he is not alive," one says.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs has gone viral on social media. The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur a few days ago. Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat. Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs. (Nobody has mentioned that some cats would be more likely to stop in the middle of the steps and play with a mousie.)
Tornado sirens blared Wednesday night in Kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters. "There will be storms... that pop up all night long," says CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers. More storms are expected in the Midwest, Mississippi River Valley, Tennessee River Valley and near the Great Lakes.
John Sutter says Pope Francis has reawakened his faith. Sutter: There is something about Francis that's reawakening my faith. He says it's not because he opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church. He still argues against things I passionately support, but I find myself enthralled.
Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times, sometimes within two weeks of each other. Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam. On Friday, she pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx. She was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the subway.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau is shot at least once in the upper body, a fire spokesman says. The guard is in extremely critical condition, he says. A chase ends in a crash on Washington's busy H Street. An officer and the suspect are wounded, police chief says.
Amnesty International report examines persecution of women's rights activists in Afghanistan. Group says government has done "very little to protect them" Report comes after brutal murder of Farkhunda, a woman accused of burning pages from the Quran. For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers at her funeral.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of UMix. Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East. Michigan's Detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation's largest Arab-American population.
Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of Satyam Computers Services, was also fined $804,000. In 2009, Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash. The case has been compared to the 2001 Enron Corp. scandal, in which a Houston energy company's earnings were overstated.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder. Police were notified Saturday about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge. Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains. After that discovery, police say, a surveillance video led them to an apartment building.
The first six "Star Wars" movies will be available on digital HD on Friday. The collection will include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes. One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies, including that of the insect-like Geonosians.
Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter. The incident sparked concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces. The Navy crew took photos of the incident but the military is not releasing them. CNN has reached out to Iranian officials but has not received a response.
Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. Fathers have to share that leave with mothers. Only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave. Photographer Johan Bavman is looking for a total of 60 fathers to photograph, to culminate in an exhibition and book.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. Hicks, who was the victims' neighbor, turned himself in to police the night of the killings. The victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime.
HBO has released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective" Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star in the new season. The new season premieres June 21. The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013. The rare brain tumor was inoperable, but Hill persisted in playing on her high school team. Hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group The Cure Starts Now.
Pacers player Chris Copeland was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub. Two Atlanta Hawks were among those arrested, according to police and CNN affiliates. The Hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident, police said, but were arrested on obstruction and other charges. The incident occurred just before 4 a.m. at 1OAK, a club in New York's Chelsea neighborhood.
Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa on Friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding Hillary Clinton -- is not unbreakable. "I've seen it before," the former Governor of Maryland and possible presidential contender said. Clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar" The state trooper stopped the bus because it wasn't displaying U.S. Department of Transportation and International Fuel Tax Association stickers.
Walter Scott was killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight. Officer Michael Slager was swiftly charged with murder and faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted. A witness says she saw Scott and Slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot.
Nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed in Guatemala. The country ranks third in the killings of women worldwide. Women are particularly vulnerable because of a deep-rooted gender bias and culture of misogyny. Mexican drug cartels, organized criminal groups and local gangs are contributing to the vicious cycle of violence.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is one of the strongest candidates in many decades. He says if she puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the Democratic primaries as well as in the general election. But he says she will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity and her party's base.
"Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. The film is set in Detroit, a city on the brink of annihilation. Gosling says the city was at the heart of the project. "We want people to know that dereliction is happening there," he says.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. Customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49. The promotion isn't to be confused with Free Slurpees Day, traditionally celebrated each July 11.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary. She was on an Alaska Airlines flight to San Jose, California, when she was asked how she was doing. She responded by saying she sometimes felt weak. That was followed by a call to a doctor, then her removal from the plane.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it. The Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault.
Department of Justice will begin to negotiate in earnest with the city to restructure the police department. The department has been charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination. The report offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens.
The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene. The driver of the Lamborghinis was hospitalized with minor injuries. The Exotic Driving Experience bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack.
Oliver Minatel, 22, says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck. "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me. That's what happened," Minatel said. The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip, the flight crew said.
Robert Durst, 71, is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge. Durst was featured in "The Jinx," a HBO documentary about him. He's accused of killing his friend  Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000.
Graffiti written by World War I soldiers has been found in a French chalk quarry. Photographer Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking" The underground city dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century. During WWI, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways.
President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8. Lynch is currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York. The period between the Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote -- which in Lynch's case has not been scheduled -- has lasted longer for her than for any attorney general nominee in recent history.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun. Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone. Signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in the coming decades.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd. The former NFL star has pleaded not guilty in Lloyd's death. Hernandez's fiancee testified last week that she didn't know what was in a box Hernandez told her to dispose of. She also said she suspected marijuana because the box smelled "skunky"
Saturday at the Masters dubbed 'Moving Day' It's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board. Rory McIlroy briefly raised the crowd's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable Grand Slam on Sunday night.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago. The presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. The ideal and fairest way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person. In-person service is not always possible, for obvious reasons.
Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. The Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting since December 2012. There have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care. The U.N. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people there when the conflict began.
Last weekend's raid in the heart of London's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like "Ocean 11" Such robberies are rare: the gang didn't follow the current criminal trend of manipulating digits in cyber space. In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people, people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs.
"Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7," one woman said. The makers of the movie used body doubles, computer-generated images and even the actor's brothers. In finishing "Furious 7," the film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian.
Tejano star Selena, who died 20 years ago, is coming back in a big way. Her family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing" The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company.
Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew. The CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments. The Infinity left San Diego on March 29 and made its last stop in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
The stars have teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator. Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute. He originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was "not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done"
Daniel Boykin, 33, entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer. The victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. The five were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble"
The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011. The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon, where it is moored at a marina. Inside were found specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, were arrested and charged with sexual battery. The Troy, Alabama, Police Department found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape. The Bay County Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigations Division has identified the victim in the video.
The entire "Star Wars" saga will be released on digital HD at the end of the week. "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best. Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
ISIS says it stormed the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. Iraqi government security officials deny that claim and insist Iraqi forces remain in full control. The refinery is just 40 kilometers from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, which Iraqi forces wrested from ISIS less than two weeks ago.
Cuba is attending the Summit of the Americas for the first time since 1962. The U.S. has not blocked Cuba's attempt to join. Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in Panama. But Cuba's attempts to rebrand itself as an open, diverse society stumbled.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control. The banging came from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent.
Nigeria's President-elect: "This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world" The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok. Most have never been seen since, except in a photograph in which they sat on the ground.
Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Walter Scott was shot and killed by a police officer on Saturday. He woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after Scott was killed and began searching for materials. Hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size.
A 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a Philadelphia park for more than four days. Police say the man's mother left him there while she went to visit her boyfriend in Maryland. The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park, police say.
Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on. Jiang quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30, just weeks before his first child was born. His book, Rejection Proof, is part self-help and part motivational/autobiography.
CNN's Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks. Abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street. A man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy," Abdallah said.
Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police say. She will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses. A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby"
A U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland. A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC- 135U over the Sea of Okhotsk in the western Pacific.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police say. A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby" Parler's sister told police that Parler has another child, a 16-year-old.
The law bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" It defines it as "knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus" The law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son she and husband Derick have named Israel David. The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week. Dillard said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait.
Ron Lane was a longtime employee at Wayne Community College in North Carolina. The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program. He was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance, college president says.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. Benaud was a former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster. He was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says Benaud "personified" cricket in Australia.
Irish betting company Paddy Power apologizes for tweet about unarmed African-American men. The tweet alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States. The company is well-known for its use of publicity stunts. Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday.
The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving. Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria. At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed" to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the U.S. struck with Iran. Tehran agreed to halt the country's nuclear ambitions, and in exchange, Western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the Iran's economy.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage to help its economy flourish. The former Portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade. The Atlantic Music Expo is a three-year-old conference and networking event that seeks to help Cape Verdean artists secure international exposure.
"The match between the 'Double Falsehood' play and Shakespeare was a landslide," researcher says. "We're certainly not suggesting that Theobald didn't make edits," Ryan Boyd says. Shakespeare wrote most of his published plays between 1590 and 1612. "Those people who don't believe the play was written by Shakespeare aren't going to just lay down and die," professor says.
Kenya is tracking finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab. So far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up. The government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011, and efforts to freeze their assets have gone on.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Arias, 34, was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013. The jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel, making Arias eligible for the death penalty.
Wu Rongrong and four other activists have been detained for "creating disturbances" Their fate will be revealed by April 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or "formally arrested" This year also marks the 20th anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women.
A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai. She was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls' to go to school. The asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years. It is about 4 kilometers in diameter, and its surface is very dark.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He says he has been subject to American law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen. He and other American Samoans are seeking to right that wrong in a federal lawsuit.
More than 25,000 people, a population about the size of Key West, Florida, have fought Ebola infections. More than 10,000 have not survived. Even for those who did not experience Ebola personally, the "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times" showed the world its vulnerability to disease.
Attorney General Eric Holder says the solicitation of prostitution threatens the department's mission. The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes. If someone from the ATF, FBI, Federal Bureau of Prisons or a federal prosecutor is caught with a prostitute they'll be suspended or fired.
Nashville's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals. John Sutter: There has been public outrage at the notion that a defendant in America in 2015 would be offered a choice of sterilization as part of a plea deal. But it happens all the time, Sutter says, and the Supreme Court has never overruled it.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing. Frida Ghitis: There could be other more young men just like him, which means the lessons we take from Boston will affect whether we can keep America and Americans safer. To fight extremism, we don't need to reform Islam. We need to show young Muslims that extremism is harming them.
A bystander recorded a police officer killing an apparently unarmed black man in South Carolina. Peter Bergen: The video raises troubling questions about how often such incidents take place. He says a law that requires the Justice Department to collect data on police killings has never been implemented. Bergen says we don't know when and where police killings take place, or whether they cluster in particular cities or states.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity. The reaction to this new lineup is, as should be expected with almost anything new in today's hypersensitive climate, a range of cheers and jeers. For many, these images are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity, sexual orientation, race or even hair color is part of mainstream America.
Hillary Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the U.S., says Donna Brazile. Brazile: Win or lose, this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder. A win would mean a woman in the White House, she says, but it's possible that the march will end.
"A.D. The Bible Continues" debuts Sunday on NBC. "Mad Men" wraps up its final season. "Louie" returns for a fifth season. Billy Crystal returns to television in "The Comedians" on FX. "Marvel's Daredevil" premieres Friday on Netflix.
Pentagon map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. CNN asked Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist, to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor to stay second in the English Premier League. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the first half. The win takes Arsenal to within four points of first placed Chelsea. Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
Lawyer: Officer Michael Slager's shooting of Walter Scott defies any reasonable explanation. He says a police body camera might have prevented the entire tragedy. Studies show that both cops and people in the community act better when they know they are on camera. Every police shooting that captures headlines justifies an ever increasing fear of cops in the street.
David Frum: 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes. Frum says tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people, with software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free. He says the U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital.
The Yarmouk camp on the outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict. Pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside, cutting off supplies and aid. The inside is held by anti-regime groups, some of which are Islamists. Of the more than 100,000 that used to live there, only about 18,000 remain.
Amy Schumer's opening video segment was as reliably hilarious and inventive as her Comedy Central show. Tinashe's time to shine was only a shame she got about 30 seconds to command the stage. The Rock shouting into the camera about Dwayne Johnson's movie highlights was totally unnecessary.
Paul Bettany's character in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel has been revealed. The actor also announced a new character for next year's sequel "X-Men: Apocalypse" Ben Hardy will be playing the winged mutant Angel in the sequel, director Bryan Singer said.
Odin Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed. He played football for the Boston Bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in Boston. His mother, sister, uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family, a gifted athlete.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another person in 2012. Prosecutors say Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado. A judge froze his $5 million in assets, pending the outcome of the double-murder trial. Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him in Miami.
"Orphan Black" returns for its second season on Saturday. "Turn: Washington's Spies" returns with a new subtitle and a new Monday night time slot. "Veep" adds Hugh Laurie and Julia Louis-Dreyfus is now the president of the United States.
Alyssa Milano was on a "romantic getaway" with her husband. Heathrow Airport workers allegedly confiscated her breast milk while she was on the plane. Milano, who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding, was furious. A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011.
Ray Gricar, 59, went missing on April 15, 2005. His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River. His county-issued laptop and hard drive were found -- separately -- on the banks of the river. The prevailing theories have been suicide or walk-away.
Lincoln's two greatest legacies grew organically from his Midwestern roots. He knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of corn from cotton. Lincoln's assertion that the Union created the states, not vice versa, provoked strong disagreement. John Wilkes Booth, who ended Lincoln's life, was an embittered extremist from a slave state.
"Daredevil" is already a hit with fans. The pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning. Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock, whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the New York neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen.
The Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation is in Polk City, Florida. Twenty-nine elephants currently live here, and 13 more will join the group by 2018. "This was a decision that our family had discussed for quite some time," says Kenneth Feld, chairman and CEO of Feld Entertainment.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race. The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week. Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events. They wore white, blue and yellow pins celebrating "One Boston Day"
Students stampeded down the halls of a dormitory and some jumped from its fifth floor. Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals. The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa. Kenyan teachers and students have said they fear being targeted by the Somalia-based terrorists.
Robert Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday. He surrendered Tuesday morning, accompanied by his attorney, Clark Brewster, and immediately posted bail of $25,000. Video shows Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun.
Iman Hashi, 25, and her sister Siham, 27, were born in Mogadishu but forced to flee after war broke out in 1991. The sisters relocated to Canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music. They are now gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world.
The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery. The facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. The reinforcements include two federal police regiments, an Iraqi military quick reaction force battalion and a regiment from Hasd Al-Shaabi.
TEPCO has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. The robot, set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris, stalled after moving about 10 meters. TEPCO called the robotic probe an "unprecedented" experiment.
A Saudi general says the coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26. Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region. Yemen has been descending into chaos since Houthi rebels forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies. People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70% mark-up yards away. The frenzy in Hong Kong over the buttery treats is by no means an isolated example.
A woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. The bus was heading to the central Nigerian city of Jos, 125 kilometers away. The woman pretended to be going to Jos and lingered around the bus, a witness says. No one has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS, told CNN that the U.S. is in "uncharted territory" The comments were some of the administration's strongest to date in describing the challenge the United States and its allies face in battling ISIS. He did not rule out expanding military action beyond Iraq and Syria.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" is set for UK release on July 3. Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums. She died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011. The team behind the new film includes Asif Kapadia, director of "Senna"
The sentencing phase of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial begins April 21, a day after the Boston Marathon. Judge George A. O'Toole tells jurors to avoid anything that could be prejudicial in the trial's sentencing phase. The judge spoke for less than 10 minutes, and stressed the seriousness of his warnings.
John T. Booker Jr. enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7. A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony. The "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. The challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food a person eats for seven days. The amount of benefits a person can get is based on the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Thrifty Food Plan.
A swarm of Asian carp attacked the Washington University of rowing team. No rowers were injured, but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward. Watch iReporter Benjamin Rosenbaum's video of the incident in the player below. The incident occurred early Friday morning.
Muhammadu Buhari tells CNN he's not concerned about reconciling the nation after a divisive campaign. He says he'll "rapidly give attention" to curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria. "A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," he says.
Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi, which lies 68 miles (110km) west of Baghdad. ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago, and the west was contested territory. The east, until now, was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled the Yemeni island of Birim at first light. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait. It took them five hours to cross into the north of Djibouti, where the government is providing them shelter.
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act. Haleigh Cox, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day.
Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York. She focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate. "It creates a whole community, even if neighbors really don't like each other," she said. The thawing in relations could even change life in Cuba's solares, she says.
The White House insists it doesn't need congressional approval for the Iran nuclear deal. But there is a history of Congress causing significant trouble for important international treaties. President Jimmy Carter tried to obtain consent for the SALT II treaties, but conservatives argued the agreement was evidence that Carter was weak on defense.
Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning. Everyone on board was safely evacuated. Scott, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. The bus is set to perform at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday.
The bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program. Some conservative senators balked at the more than $200 billion price of the bill and pushed an amendment to have the costs offset. The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and President Obama is expected to sign it.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali. The ring was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny" Walsh used Facebook to reunite the ring with its owner, Joe Langley.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack. The attack came hours after another operation that the group also claimed. The military announced a reshuffle of several senior military positions, state media reported. Among those being replaced are the generals in charge of military intelligence and Egypt's second field army.
HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless. Tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using # meforreal.
Cynthia Lennon was married to John Lennon from 1962 to 1968. She was a stabilizing force for the young John, who lost his mother as a teenager. The couple divorced in 1968, by which time John was seeing Yoko Ono. She married three more times after John and wrote two books about her marriage.
President Barack Obama is in Panama for the Summit of the Americas. Julian Zelizer: The U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to China, Russia and Iran. He says Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama to improve ties. Zelizer says the foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there but need attention.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy. Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons. The number of children in Australia who have not received immunization against measles and other diseases has almost doubled in the past decade.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in the items being pulled.
ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive. Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot. But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. ISIS: Enslaving, having sex with 'unbelieving' women, girls is OK.
A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Sterling's wife sued her, saying she targeted wealthy older men with gifts. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision, her lawyer told CNN affiliate KABC.
Jason Rezaian, the Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran, was arrested in July. It took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said. The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation.
Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury. He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing in New York. Police say they were not involved in the stabbing incident, but they were charged with misdemeanors. TMZ Sports released video last week that shows a group of police officers arresting the 6-foot-7 Sefolsha.
Georgia's Gaioz Nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone. The phone was logged onto a chess analysis app, the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said. The infraction has been reported to the International Chess Federation.
Al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in January in North Waziristan, near the Afghan-Pakistan border. The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda's bench of leaders. Al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office denies the allegations in the Tulsa World's report. Robert Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a sting operation on April 2. Bates claims he meant to use his Taser but accidentally fired his handgun at Harris. Sheriff Stanley Glanz and other sheriff's officials have repeatedly insisted Bates was properly trained.
TV5Monde says it was "hacked by an Islamist group" There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group. The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time, and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters, a Democrat who attended the meeting said. Robby Mook, Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager, distributed a "values statement" The document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued Clinton's failed 2008 run.
John Helinski's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen. He was homeless and nameless for three years. A big-hearted cop and a case worker helped him get back into the system. Now he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension.
A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people. The most serious injuries were suffered by a group of inmates who were assigned to maintenance and cleaning work at the sheriff's firing range. Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. U.S. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies, who are working with Kurdish government troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria. The Peshmerga, the military wing of the Kurdish Regional Government, has said they don't want or need foreign fighters.
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday, months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars. There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category, which was dominated by white males. The cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson -- a Samoan/black man.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state. Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients. of the 81, 70% were unvaccinated.
Hashtags like #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia have emerged on Twitter. The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country. Attacks this week in Durban alone have killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices.
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, Britain's ambassador to the United Nations says. Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions.
A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday. "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
"It's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," one juror says. "It's amazing a lot of the information we learned today," a female juror said. "I think we can all say we made the right decision," another says.
George Davon Kennedy, of Murfreesboro, Tennessee, was arrested in Georgia. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery. A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
Remains of up to nearly 400 service members tied to the USS Oklahoma will be exhumed this year. The hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and Marines can be identified. The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visited the Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria. He met Jihad and Mohammad, who were taken from the camp in recent days. Ban: "The logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me"
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport. They received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, State Security Minister David Mahlobo said. It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged, he said.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of killing an employee at a North Carolina college. Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime. Just a few minutes into Thursday's hearing on the first-degree murder charge he faces, he snapped back at the judge.
Robert Bates is accused of manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. Bates says he mistook his firearm for the stun gun. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office is fending off allegations that supervisors forged Bates' training records. A sheriff's official says it's possible that some training requirements may have been waived.
Mohamed Mohamud is suspected of being the "mastermind" behind last week's university massacre. He is believed to be in command of an Al-Shabaab militia based near Kenya's long, porous border with Somalia. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has announced three days of national mourning.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" during a Mass to commemorate a century since the slaughter of more than 1 million Armenians by the Turks. The Vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries. Previous popes had finessed the genocide question, but didn't dare speak it out loud.
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday, the league says. The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that he disciplined his son too harshly. Peterson played in one game last season, a 35-6 win against St. Louis in September.
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, is on administrative leave. Police say he thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital. The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use. The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier, while the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9%.
Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour. The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show, with tickets priced at $3.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began. The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels.
Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s. Soviet authorities invaded Poland during World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of Poles. Some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central Russia; many were children.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. He says he meant to use his Taser on Harris during the April 2 arrest but accidentally fired his handgun instead. The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates, 73, wasn't qualified to be on the force.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, of Columbus, allegedly traveled to Syria for training. He wanted to return home to kill Americans, particularly U.S. soldiers, execution style, indictment says. "I am confident in the system working fairly," says his lawyer, Sam Shamansky.
Andreas Lubitz, the co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525, was diagnosed with depression. Peter Schmitz: It's curious to me how the red flags of his illness were missed. He says the selection process is most likely highly competitive, requiring above-average aptitude. Schmetz: Wouldn't a manager consider a candidate with an indication of potential issues?
Producers of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie. A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web. The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston, Texas.
CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie. The movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017. It's the first theatrical movie centering around the most popular female superhero.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 in 1979. A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing. Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago. His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets" Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation that could be unspooled at May's upfront presentation to advertisers. Sources tell THR that the project, if all goes well, could go straight to series.
A study by We the People found that 80% of women in Mumbai had been street harassed. According to U.N. Women's report, 1 in 3 women around the world face some form of sexual violence at least once in their lifetime. India has laws for sexual violence in public spaces as well as at the workplace.
"Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada on CBC TV in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone. Crombie played Gilbert Blythe, who evolves over time from Anne's pigtail-tugging tormentor to friend to husband. The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS, drawing a cult following.
This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. The terrorist group says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges. He faces up to life in prison if convicted. Knight is accused of running over two men, killing one of them, during an argument. The incident happened on the set of the biopic "Straight Outta Compton"
Most of the National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round. But the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days. It's all part of National Park Week, happening April 18 through April 26. The park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #FindYourPark.
U.S. is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis, HUD Secretary Julian Zelizer says. HUD is focusing on preserving the affordable housing that already exists, he says. Zelizer: We've got to grow the supply to meet demand, so HUD is taking a multifaceted approach.
Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm. Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, written in Urdu. Lobo had left the Jinnah Medical and Dental College, where she works as vice principal.
Rolling Stone published a story about a rape on the campus of the University of Virginia. The story was retracted after a Washington Post reporter took a closer look. A review by the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism reveals startling lapses in basic journalistic practice. The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not.
Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness" In the original scene, one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film, Cryer dances around a record store. In Tuesday's recreation, he dances in tandem with host James Corden.
Writers: "religious freedom" bills in Arkansas and Indiana caught governors off-guard. They underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses, they say. Writers: Businesses that sell goods and services to the public are learning that support for discrimination threatens that bottom line. America has crossed a threshold where it is no longer good business model or political strategy to be intolerant of diversity.
Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" features Somali refugee Sahra. Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany. The underlying themes of the series include feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for a valuable human dignity.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy. He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $5,000 bail. The Kings said in a statement, "We are aware of police reports out of Clark County, Nevada"
Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the.30-30 rifle. Valencia committed several crimes in Tucson before stealing a car and driving to the Walmart in Marana. He asked to see a rifle, then told an employee he wanted the ammunition.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago. The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States. The EPA says the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police said. The State Department thanked the response by the Kurdish government and will investigate the bombing. The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate.
"We once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters," government says. Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban. Heavily armed police scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been in foster care since he was 7. He asked a church to help him find a forever parent in 2013. A video of his plea went viral, and thousands of calls came into his agency. He was finally adopted by a woman who had been there for him for years.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren said she isn't going to slack off on her calls for breaking up banks and other measures to rein in Wall Street. Julian Zelizer says the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality. Zelizer: Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system.
Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. Hopes for stability, not only in Yemen but in the Middle East in general, are fading. Fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war in Yemen for regional domination.
Joy Womack was one of the first Americans accepted into the Bolshoi Ballet Academy. In 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed Boshoi official to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles. The dancer, raised in California and Texas, left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday. Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota's community of Somali immigrants. Four of the men who were arrested appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries, culminating with "Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution" Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter about the benefits of medical marijuana. He said he used to believe marijuana is dangerous without proven benefits.
Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world before college. She met women and children who were suffering, struggling to survive in Nepal. In 2006, she purchased land in Surkhet, a district in western Nepal. Today, Kopila Valley Children's Home is home to about 50 children, from infants to teenagers.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw the tree. The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence. "I was like, I gotta do something and no one was doing anything," Warnock said.
Gisele Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. She is the face of Chanel and Carolina Herrera and has her own line of lingerie. "I want to be with my family more and focus on special projects," she said in an interview.
Photographer Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside a landfill in India. The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh. About 100 families live inside the landfill and make around $2 per day.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases. The subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, the lawsuit says. The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families. The deputies were trying to arrest Eric Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him. Unlike Bates, they are not charged with a crime, but have come under criticism for pinning Harris' head to the ground.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry is suspended for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced. McHenry posted an apology on Twitter, saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation. The video inspired the Twitter hashtag #firebrittmchenry.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday. He shot Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student in Duncan, Oklahoma. Lane was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
"You're more than fans. You're family," Mark Hamill tells the crowd. Carrie Fisher was also there, though without her trademark Princess Leia hair buns. There's less CGI than in the prequels, director J.J. Abrams says. The new "Star Wars" is due out December 18.
African metropolises have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent. These centers of affluence are spread from Johannesburg in the south, through Lagos in the west and Nairobi in the east, to Cairo in the north. Sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning. Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication. Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues" after what watchers deemed erratic behavior on the reality show.
ISIS fighters took thousands of Yazidis captive in Iraq and Syria. Yazidis now call a refugee camp in Iraqi Kurdistan home. The camp is made up of some 4,000 tents and counting. ISIS released 217 captives, including Mahmoud and Ahlam, who were reunited after months.
Japan's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Takahama nuclear plant. But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
ISIS uses Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its actions in Iraq. The lack of accountability in the aftermath of the U.S. intervention in Iraq paved the way for abuses. ISIS is sending a strong message that its current fight in Iraq is about reversing longstanding injustices against Sunnis.
A reserve deputy in Tulsa, Oklahoma, accidentally shot and killed Eric Harris. The 73-year-old said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. Experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer's dominant side of the body, and the Taser on the nondominant side.
The drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities. The sailboat was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean, officials say. One Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique. In November, French officials seized nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of cocaine.
Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the coalition says. A week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility. Peshmerga forces cleared 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq on Saturday, the Kurdistan Region Security Council says.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences. A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia on Monday. The channel told CNN that it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in February. The streets outside the restaurant were "littered with debris and human body parts," a witness says. The area is not a new target for Al- Shabaab, which has battled Somalia's government for years.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. He has since apologized for the wrong things. People with autism are not missing or destroyed. They are everywhere, trying to live their lives in a society that too often demeans them as subhuman.
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic. The World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause an additional 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050. "This is not just a future threat -- this is a present threat," said Brian Deese, a senior adviser to Obama.
Daisy Bentley, 23, has been collecting notes for the past six years. Her collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings. A gallery in London has put a selection on display for the public. Bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people's lives.
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill on Friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office said in a press release. CNN affiliate KFOR says it's never been used in an execution in the United States.
The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions. The group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy. This bolsters the association's previous positions to oppose the use of the term "drug" for chemicals used in lethal injection.
TEPCO deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected. The shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown in March 2011.
Mike Rowe meets Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters. He and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways. His goal in 2015 is to remove 500,000 more pounds of litter.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb. Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, authorities said. "The damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle," police said.
In 2011, Florida enacted the Firearm Owners' Privacy Act. The law threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for any physicians who dare ask their patients about gun ownership and gun safety. In Arizona, another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer.
A U.N. official says the boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship. The account differs from that provided by Italian authorities on Sunday. They said that as the cargo ship King Jacob approached, migrants on the smaller boat moved to one side, hoping to be saved.
23 people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., sources say. The Airbus A320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing, ministry says. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard the flight from South Korea. Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident, spokeswoman says.
"Mare Nostrum" was launched after two migrant ships sank in 2013. It was replaced by the more modest "Operation Triton," under the auspices of the EU's border agency. In 2014, 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea; 11,000 have been picked up in the past week.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded, we are only just beginning to understand the spill's effects. It's still unclear where all of the oil went, how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating.
The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship has skirted United Nations sanctions. North Korea's deputy ambassador to the U.N. said there was no reason to hold the ship.
Heather Mack, 19, and Tommy Schaefer, 21, were found guilty of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering her to death in a Bali hotel room. Mack, who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago, has been sentenced to 10 years.
Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch onstage. "Oh, s***. What the f*** just happened?" he asked moments later from the stage. It all went down after Drake performed  "Madonna," a song named for the megastar.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Peter Bergen: The trial has held Boston and the region in thrall. He says the only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev should be executed.Bergen: Tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody. He should be allowed to fade away.
Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk, though not the fashion industry. The 34-year-old, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children, has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
"The Americans" is one of the best series on TV. "Fresh Off the Boat" is the first sitcom with an Asian-American cast since the 1990s. "Scorpion," about a ragtag band of geniuses sent on secret missions, got a lot of hype.
Bishop Robert Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. He was put on two years' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine. The case revolved around his diocese's dealings with a priest who pleaded guilty to child pornography.
On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was bombed by two disaffected young Americans. One hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack, including 19 children. A fly-by of Pluto, 4 billion miles away, and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world.
Joss Whedon is facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" The author of a 2006 novel has accused the "Avengers" director and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard of stealing his idea. He's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages.
YouTuber Bobby Burns created a fan version of the "Batman v. Superman" trailer. The 18-year-old used classic superhero footage to make the video. He says he wanted to contrast the old with the new. The reaction to the video has been great, Burns says.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act. Joan Jett & the Blackhearts were inducted in her own inimitable way. Fall Out Boy gave one of the two most exciting performances of the evening. It was a night for the young to honor the old and perhaps prepare for a later visit.
The new "Fantastic Four" trailer promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters. We also get our first glimpse of the villainous Dr. Doom in this new trailer. Not to be outdone, the new trailer for "Jurassic World" came out Monday morning.
It's unclear how Freddie Gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death. Court documents allege that Gray was arrested after finding a switchblade in his pocket. It's not clear that simply having a knife is a crime, says Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.
Nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb Mount Everest. The route through Khumbu Icefall, the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed, has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer. One company, Alpenglow Expeditions, said it would stop climbing from the Nepal side in favor of the northern route from China.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund will reprise their roles from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" The sequel is being directed by Joseph Kosinski. The project is now looking to shoot this fall, likely in Vancouver, British Columbia. Wilde is coming off starring in the Blumhouse-produced horror movie "The Lazarus Effect"
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. Winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest. The reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight.
ISIS Wilayat Khorasan claims responsibility for the attack. The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick Paton Walsh says. A Taliban spokesman says the attack "doesn't have anything to do with us" The U.N. says 655 people were killed in suicide attacks in the first three months of 2014.
Conrad Clitheroes, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro have been in jail since February 22. They were arrested after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport. No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, has been found guilty on every count in the Boston Marathon bombings. He faces life in prison if convicted of all charges. On Tuesday, jurors heard about the holes his bombs left in the hearts of the survivors and the families of the dead. "Krystle was the light of my life," a father says.
Tony Abbott was in a Sydney pub when a group of Australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them. The Prime Minister accepted and even gave a short, impromptu speech. "He drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner, dribbling little bits on his shirt... tipped it upside down on his head," a coach said.
April is National Get Tested Month in the U.S. John Sutter: There are many lab tests to order on yourself. He says the primary effect won't be more health, but rather more medical care. Sutter says there are real side-effects to testing the well.
The Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night. It was the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever. But bigger isn't always better. Here's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst moments at the 2015 ACM Awards.
Sabra hummus was recalled after a routine sample revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. Consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis, a serious infection. Dr. John Swartzberg recommends that anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should tell their physician.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the project with Carey's good friend director Brett Ratner co-producing. "It's a little bit about how music can take you back in time," Shestack told EW.
Saudi Arabia has executed a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta. The Indonesian government summoned the Saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on Thursday. Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer's four-year-old child. She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week.
The fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained, the fire department says. High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, state Forester Jim Karels says. Several fire units and a helicopter are battling the blaze, a fire official says.
The iPad was signed by the Pope's personal secretary. The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay. It's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson to charity.
The Vatican says Pope Francis is considering a trip to Cuba in September. The possibility was first reported by The Wall Street Journal. The Pope helped negotiate a thaw in relations between the U.S. and Cuba. He is also scheduled to visit Washington, New York and Philadelphia this year.
Polish Prince challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park. Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. Farage complains that Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather. The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore.
Cyclist Wang Pingan has been cycling around China for 460 days. His bike was stolen in Shenzhen, days before he was due to complete the journey. Police tracked down the thief and returned the bike to Wang, who recognized it instantly. Wang had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike.
Copenhagen's Carlsberg City is a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker. The area in question has been home to the famous brewery since 1847, and with it a big slice of Danish cultural history. Amidst the district's historic treasure trove of protected architectural buildings will be some 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting and cultural space.
Boko Haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law in Nigeria. The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10, when the assailants struck the locality of Kerawa-Mafa in a failed attempt to overrun a military base.
Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denies his unit caused any delay in the response. Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school. Of the fatalities, 142 were students at the university, and the rest were security forces and campus security.
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton. Clinton finds a lot to love, and some distance from President Obama's leadership style. A GOP ticket for the generations, and Republican calendar concerns filled our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table.
Frida Ghitis: The U.S.-Iranian relationship is not symmetrical. She says Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior. Ghitis says by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power, the United States is making Tehran taller.
Chilean photographer Andres Figueroa documented religious festivals in the Atacama Desert. The festivals attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in Chile. "I have always wanted to see the desert. Even though I am not very religious, I've always been curious about their traditions," he said.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler were found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. Epstein's son, David Epstein, was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges. The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings.
The number of pre-orders for "What Pet Should I Get?" continues to climb. The book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies. It will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990. The publisher also released a never-before-seen image from the new volume.
Italians have a saying: "Too much of something cripples it" Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world. There are nearly 5,000 "gems" scattered across the country, ranging from museums to archaeological areas. Entrance tickets to the Coliseum, Italy's top site, cost a maximum of 12 euros.
Recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in rural Indiana and Kentucky. Many have stood by the belief that such programs, known as syringe exchange or syringe services programs, promote and encourage drug use. But scientific evidence continues to show that this is simply not true, authors say.
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died. The aircraft went down about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington. The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis.
Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973. "Costa Rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory!" the center's Facebook page said.
The town of Celoron, New York, is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue. Artist Dave Poulin has apologized for his "most unsettling sculpture" The town has set up a post office box for donations, which can also be made through Kickstarter.
AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs. The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in New Zealand. Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album had flopped in the charts.
Erika Langhart, 24, died after suffering multiple pulmonary embolisms. Hospital records cited the NuvaRing as a risk factor for Erika's multiple embolism. Less than a year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life. Henry was training to compete in the Olympics in skeleton.
The petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir. "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. An online debate started last month when the rector of Istanbul Technical University said he would build a mosque on campus.
Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria. The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa. Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's advances in Iraq and Syria. It wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike had caused.
Jurors resume deliberations in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial. The former NFL star is accused of killing semi-pro player Odin Lloyd in 2013. The defense says Hernandez had no reason to kill Lloyd, who was his friend, brother-in-law. The prosecution says Hernandez was cold, calculating and insecure.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah. At least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, are freed. Dozens of attackers take control of government buildings, including the Central Prison, Central Bank and radio station. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi from power.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key is accused of sexual harassment. A waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. Key publicly apologized to Amanda Bailey, a 26-year-old waitress at his local cafe. He told reporters that his behavior was in the context of "a bit of banter"
The Boston Marathon will be held Monday, the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings. David Rothkopf says the city has moved on from the tragedy. He says the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev proved that the U.S. judicial system works.
James Best was best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard" He died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia, a friend says. "I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year," John Schneider says.
UNICEF says 16 tons of medical supplies have landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed, but getting them into the country was difficult. WHO: At least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain. She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" "I think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he didn't want to be here," she says.
A quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm. About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off" The powerful storm has already claimed four lives, according to New South Wales Police.
Sammy Griner's dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. Justin was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later. The family doesn't know when a kidney might become available. A GoFundMe campaign has already topped its goal of $75,000.
Michael Slager's wife is eight months' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born. Slager initially told investigators that he used a Taser in a confrontation with Walter Scott, who was pulled over for a busted taillight. "Shots fired and the subject is down," Slager said moments after the shooting.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded when a pair of bombs went off.
Three of the teens have been released "pending further enquiries," police say. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott says. Police: The suspects were associates of 18-year-old Nadun Haider, who was killed in September.
Aaron Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges. He's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of Odin Lloyd. The motive is still unclear but not legally required to get a conviction. The trial has involved two sisters who played important roles in the lives of Hernandez and Lloyd.
Al-Shabaab gunmen slaughtered 147 people at a college campus in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday. It was the bloodiest blow Islamist extremists have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi. Kenya Defense Forces invaded Somalia in October 2011, with the crushing Operation Linda Nchi, Swahili for "Protect the Country"
Mercedes driver and F1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton stole pole position from teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg. Hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap, beating Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. The two former friends have enjoyed, or rather endured, a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
Tristan da Cunha, a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, is home to just under 270 people. The island is only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through a small port in its only town, Edinburgh of the Seven Seas. With limited transport and communication links, the islanders are keen to see how they can reduce their reliance on fossil fuels.
A huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific could be a factor in drought. Scientists say a high-pressure ridge over the West Coast has calmed ocean waters for two winters. The result was more heat staying in the water because storms didn't kick up and help cool the surface water.
Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, Arizona. Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee. At least three members of the family are reportedly in a Christian band named "Matthew 24 Now"
Mohammed Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July. His name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl, the site of the national cemetery. His father said no one asked for his permission to put his son's name on the memorial.
Alfred Taubman was a real estate developer who helped change the face of suburban life. He founded the company that developed some of the best-known malls in the United States. Forbes estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion. He died of a heart attack at his home in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry was suspended for a week for her comments to a towing company worker. CNN's Kat Kinsman says she teaches her daughters the importance of respecting others. She says McHenry showed that she either forgot those "golden rule" lessons from childhood or that she hasn't lived her life with that mantra.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday. Estimates range from 300,000 to 2 million deaths between 1914 and 1923. Genocide was not even a word at the time, much less a legally defined crime. The word "genocide" was invented in 1944 to describe the Nazis' systematic attempt to eradicate Jews from Europe.
On April 17, 1975, Phnom Penh, Cambodia, fell to the genocidal Khmer Rouge regime. Ly Sivhong, then 13, was separated from her mother and two of her sisters. About 20,000 people died from execution, starvation or exhaustion during this exodus.
Hillary Clinton announced Sunday that she will run for president in 2016. The former secretary of state has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. Clinton's perceived coziness with Wall Street is a source of irritation for liberal activists. The liberal wing of the party has grown even more vocal and influential since 2008.
A 24-year-old man is in custody after he called for an ambulance, only to have French authorities come and discover weapons, ammunition and evidence. The man was identified later as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve says. Ghlam was someone suspected of killing a 32- year-old woman hours earlier, a prosecutor says.
Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president. In his obituary, his family made just two requests: please donate to a children's hospital, and please don't vote for Clinton. "He was very passionate about politics and probably passed a little of that on," his daughter says.
"It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin said. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over. Funeral director Neil Regan said vandalism is the most-likely cause, not the weather. "I'm not sure how else it would have fallen over," police chief said.
A gorilla at a Nebraska zoo leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page. Cave said he overheard zookeepers say the gorillas had been fighting with one another. The gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it.
A group of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's relatives arrived at Boston's Logan International Airport on Thursday, CNN affiliate WHDH reports. The prosecution rested Thursday afternoon after attempting to convince jurors that Tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless. The defense is expected to try to soften that portrayal by calling witnesses to explain Tsarnaev's difficult upbringing.
It's only a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already it feels like the campaign is in high gear. Most of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way, but some might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions that voters have about the candidates.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation. He was among the FBI's "Most Wanted Terrorists" Gadahn rose through the ranks in the tribal areas of Pakistan, becoming its chief official English-language propagandist.
WWF: The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. WWF: Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its continued health. By 2050, it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs, says WWF report. WWF report identifies actions that would revive the ocean economy.
Penelope Cruz will join the cast of "Zoolander 2," Ben Stiller announced Friday. The sequel to the 2001 film is scheduled for release in February 2016. Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film's production in Italy, dropping hints to the plot.
Valerie Braham's husband, Philippe, was killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. He was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in, killing four people, all of them Jewish. "Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham said.
In 2014 more than 80% of migrants headed for the Libyan coast as the easiest point of embarkation. Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year. Upheavals and instability across much of Africa and the Middle East have led to a massive increase in the numbers trying to reach Libya.
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons. South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers. Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks.
The United States is failing its partners, says Peter Bergen. Bergen: The majority of our partners do not have credible and capable special operations forces. He says little of our foreign military financing goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism. The U.S. has a choice -- reinforce failure and keep doing what we are doing or change course, he says.
"Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process. Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government, a key U.S. ally. Ousted Yemen President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi thanked the Saudi-led coalition.
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied. The executions, which will be carried out by firing squad, were planned for earlier this year.
SkyWest Airlines Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes. "It would feel like a roller coaster," CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo says of the descent. The passenger received medical attention before being released, SkyWest says.
The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in January. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots. Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban, and a hearing is scheduled in state court.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago. Comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question. In the past three days, his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times. A number of people insulted and threatened Francis in response.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in North and East Africa. Libya (1912-1941) plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for Italy. Libya was for a brief period an incorporated province of Italy, on the model of French Algeria.
"It was time to come home," Scott Kelley tells People magazine. His wife, Genevieve Kelley, is charged with the same crimes. The case was featured on CNN's "The Hunt" The couple is accused of leaving New Hampshire, kidnapping their daughter, Mary Nunes.
A cotton lobbyist group claims, one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours. Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis. Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year. A plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
A North Pacific gray whale has completed the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) She left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean.
Iran and Saudi Arabia each point to the other as the main reason for much of the turmoil in the Middle East. The Iranian-Saudi conflict by proxy has reached Yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic. Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year, their attorney says. The five members of China's Women's Rights Action Group were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou. The United States had urged China to free them, and the international community harshly criticized keeping them in custody.
The most popular cookie, Thin Mints, contains refined white flour, sugar, partially hydrogenated oil, and high fructose corn syrup. Recent studies have found a causal link between sugar and heart disease. There is too little conversation on the hazards of sugar, white flour and GMOs from physicians.
In South Carolina earlier this month, Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support. Failure to pay child support is not a crime. Skipping child support court should similarly not be a crime either, he says. The court's remedy is to issue a warrant to bring dad to court.
ESPN's Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating an employee of a tow company. John Sutter: McHenry should have known better than to have used such words. He says we're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal. Sutter says McHenry could have stood up for herself.
Of the 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country, only 72,000 qualified. "We think by 2020 it could be as high as 50%, which mean only 2 in 10 would qualify to join the Army," general says. More than one-third of U.S. adults are obese.
Aaron Hernandez will be sent to Massachusetts' flagship maximum-security prison. The Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center opened in 1998. It's one of the most high-tech jails in the U.S. with no history of breakouts. Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once.
Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating 60% of U.S. electricity. James Hansen: "continued opposition to nuclear power threatens humanity's ability to avoid dangerous climate change" EPA's energy policy plan creates incentives for states to shut down nuclear power plants and replace them with natural gas.
U.S. policy in the Middle East remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground. President Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the region is far from reassuring to the region. There exist grave doubts about whether the current U.S.-led administration is indeed ready to deploy the above-mentioned "capabilities"
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio has been his own worst enemy on two signature issues. He says Rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive Republican presidential candidates. He also says Rubio's political philosophy will be a tough sell to Hispanics. Navarrete: Rubio is positioning himself as the next generation of GOP leadership.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband, Adam Davis, were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing. "We were so in love and happy together," she told a federal jury Wednesday. It was the second day the Boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police. He thought he was going to use a Taser on Eric Harris, who deputies had just tackled after he sold an undercover officer a Lugar pistol and then took off running. Peter Bergen: It certainly looks like Bates was given special access to "real" policing.
Cheryl Rios, CEO of Go Ape Marketing, said Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because of her hormones. Peggy Drexler: If Rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the Oval Office, she'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president. She says the bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015, a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected.
Thieves used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to the vault. The thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor and climbed down the shaft into the basement. Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade. Some jewelry businesses reportedly stored some of their jewels in the boxes.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. The theft was so big that police haven't come up with a value for what was stolen. A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to £200 million, or $300 million.
The NFL launched an investigation into the Patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated. The league hired attorney Ted Wells -- who also investigated the Miami Dolphins bullying scandal -- to run the investigation. It's still not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced.
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond" He was weeks away from his 20th birthday. "This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister Madylin Sweeten said in a statement.
Sofia Vergara is the star of the hit TV sitcom "Modern Family" She split from businessman Nick Loeb in May 2014. Loeb is suing the Colombian-born actress in Los Angeles to prevent her from destroying their two embryos. The lawsuit lists the plaintiff as "Joe Doe" and the defendant as "Jane Doe"
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's new campaign video is all about being a woman. He says it's fine to celebrate the fact that Clinton is a woman, but it's not the best strategy. Zelizer says Democrats who overtly pandered to women at the expense of real issues crashed and burned.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000. The outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday. It was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces on sale in the auction.
Five years after the Gulf oil spill, the long-term negative effects remain unclear. The company that caused the spill says the Gulf of Mexico is healing itself. The government says it's too soon to make conclusions about the rebounding health of the Gulf. Oceanographers are tracking the residue from the Macondo well as it has settled on the bottom of the ocean.
Ashish Thakkar is the founder and CEO of Mara Group, Africa's largest private equity firm. The Ugandan-born tycoon has been called "Africa's youngest billionaire" He was the first African to sign up to travel to space with Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. He faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras. Vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and recently told a congressional commission that all donations to his party were legal.
Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with Osama bin Laden, police say. The suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005, they say. One of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell's headquarters on the island of Sardinia.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience will be an advantage during the campaign. He says she'll have to negotiate and traverse several tricky and rocky paths to ensure that her State Department career remains an advantage and doesn't turn into a liability. Zelizer says Clinton will have to stand by the policies that she helped craft in Obama's first term.
Nigeria's ABUCAR 2 will compete in the European leg of this year's Shell Eco-marathon. Uganda's Makerere University has produced a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV" Ghanaian inventor is building SUVs with electric motors powered by rechargeable batteries.
The U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education, says Julian Zelizer. Over 2.7 million American children have a parent who is incarcerated, he says. Zelizer: Americans spend over a quarter of a trillion dollars each year to keep millions of nonviolent offenders imprisoned.
Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service says. Military and police forces are assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents. Authorities issued a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas.
President Obama is headed to Panama for a regional summit. Hillary Clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official. Watch for more biographical touches in Clinton's campaign launch, says Jonathan Martin of The New York Times. There will be three official GOP candidates for president: Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union" CNN announced Tapper's promotion on Friday morning. He will take over the program in June; he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead"
As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary --  of HIV. The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana. The emergency order was first issued last month and set to expire Friday, but now will be in place until May 24.
Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. He died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, the White House says. The branch made its presence known in September 2014, when militants tried to hijack a Pakistani ship.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like. Koreans always identify the "higher" person in the relationship, and defer to them accordingly. It's considered rude for anyone to have an empty glass. Koreans love singing, and karaoke bars are the most popular venues.
Sissa Abu Dahou, 65, has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state. A widow at just 21, Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south, where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air," the caller says. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," the pilot tells air traffic control. The ramp agent is an employee of Menzies Aviation, a contractor for Alaska Airlines.
"The Dark Knight III: The Master Race" will be released sometime in the fall. It will be the final chapter in Frank Miller's "Dark Knight Returns" trilogy. Miller will be joined by acclaimed artist Brian Azzarello. "Batman remains my favorite comic book hero and a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting," said Miller.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world this week with her unconventional campaign launch. He says she opened a long communications campaign to reframe who she is, what she stands for and how she intends to run. Zelizer says from a marketing perspective, her launch may have been much more successful than critics think.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: "We believe that Chinese authorities should also support them, not silence them" The five are members of China's Women's Rights Action Group. They had planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment" and "go police, go arrest those who committed sexual harassment!"
Saudi airstrikes target rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, officials say. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign against Houthi positions. But less than 24 hours later, after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade, the airstrikes resumed.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad" The Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role. He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late Heath Ledger. The movie hits theaters August 5, 2016.
This year is the time to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway. The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change.
President Obama has argued with the progressive potentate Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy. What everyone does next will be critical for the 2016 elections and the future of Democratic politics. Warren has publicly criticized so-called "fast track" trade authority that would allow the White House to negotiate massive, multination trade deals with little congressional oversight.
Kagoshima District Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards. The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for the Boston Marathon bombing. Peter Bergen: The killing was "heinous, cruel and depraved" He says Tsarnaev's lack of remorse is a far cry from genuine remorse for the victims he's killed and maimed. Bergen predicts a jury will vote 10-2 (or 9-3) for death.
Five Georgia Southern nursing students were killed in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah. The young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations. "Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," a hospital says.
Sources say three people, all students, were found alive. A female student was found under a pile of bodies, sources say. A medic says most of the victims had been shot in the back of the head. Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack.
Criminal justice reform is rapidly becoming one of the few bipartisan issues of our time. America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 5% of the world's population and 25% of its prisoners. Nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are African-Americans.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson Lesa Strachan tells CNN. Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd. "To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die," one juror says.
A mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria. The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13. Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness. Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol.
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda. A senior U.S. official says the government made no serious effort to negotiate for the 73-year-old's release. A Pakistani official says Pakistani soldiers went door-to-door looking for the American.
"There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land," Larry Johnson says. "It was like being trapped and you couldn't do anything," he says. The National Transportation Safety Board is in communication with the FAA and SkyWest. SkyWest spokeswoman: Three passengers reported a loss of consciousness.
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails. That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides. She did it all in 20 minutes, setting a record in the process. The Nebraska native is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit.
A third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine, including homeopathic remedies. These drugs do not go through the same level of scrutiny as over-the-counter and prescription drugs. Products such as the homeopathic cold remedies Coldese and Zicam, among others, came under fire Monday.
The John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award goes to a man who sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change. One of us served on the selection committee for the award. We believe that the United States must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity, growth and progress.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan `prajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico. He has been the first to see ancient pyramids, 30 meters high, that he spotted in aerial photographs from his office in Ljubljana, Slovenia. The adrenaline of the treasure hunt is what drives him, he says.
Australia's participation in the first world war was contested from the outset. The conscription referendums of October 28, 1916, and December 20, 1917, became a massive rallying point for people who opposed the war. Even at the time, the Great War itself was divisive, a historical reality belied by today's blanket coverage of "the Anzac spirit"
Sandra Mackey predicted events that unfolded in the Middle East well before they happened. Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders trying to understand the country. Mackey was a frequent commentator on CNN during the Gulf War in the 1990s. She also appeared on countless other outlets, including Bill Maher's "Politically Incorrect"
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, officials say. The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information. It's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational. Some cities around the U.S. have increased their security as a precaution.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government. Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin's Jerusalem home Monday. Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law. Last month, Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset, Israel's parliament.
Sabeen Mahmud was a figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance in Pakistan. She was shot at point-blank range after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi. Mahmud's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
Kim Jong Un is expected to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations. This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011. This year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany.
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink. Her grandmother told her that her real name was Heranus. Heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by Ottoman soldiers.
Giovanni Lo Porto was killed by a U.S. drone strike, according to American authorities. He was abducted in January 2012 along with a fellow al Qaeda hostage, American Warren Weinstein. The two were working for an aid group in Pakistan, which was hit hard by flooding.
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd. Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole. The NFL for the most part does a great job vetting its players, and certainly Hernandez is an anomaly in the league.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz. The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials. John Demjanjuk remained defiantly silent during his 18-month trial, never so much as breathing a word of acknowledgment or remorse.
Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal are leading African investors in London. Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital. Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year. With the last major earthquake in 1934, the concern was not if, but when the next "great" earthquake would hit, geologist Kate Ravilious says.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Warren Weinstein's family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source says. The money did not lead to the American aid worker's release, and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike. After the transfer of funds in 2012, the captors began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for Weinstein.
Patrick Dempsey's "Grey's Anatomy" character died on Thursday night. Dempsey still has a year left on his contract. His character's death leaves his TV wife, Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo), as the show's mainstay. But the show will very much continue -- Pompeo is signed through season 12.
Armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the Ottoman Empire. Turkey denies that a genocide took place, maintaining that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Many Armenians living in Turkey feel treated as second-class citizens.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight. The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are -- the Jenners and the Kardashians. "So very proud of you, my hero," tweeted daughter Kendall Jenner. Jenner interview was a key moment for advocacy groups like GLAAD and the National Center for Transgender Equality.
More than one million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman Empire. Kim Kardashian recently toured Armenia on the eve of the 100th anniversary of the mass killings. Pope Francis recently called the killings "the first genocide of the 20th century" Many Armenians continue to brainstorm about how to convince Turkey to acknowledge the truth.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week. The suit alleges that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights. In March, the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label, the product requires new approval.
92 percent of Americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam. 62 percent of those polled said they went to the doctor every year for their exam. The Society for General Internal Medicine even put annual physicals on a list of things doctors should avoid for healthy adults.
Research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration, most of us end up suppressing it. Neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman have written a book, "The Eureka Factor" The book explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations.
A 14-year-old boy is charged with inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas. He was arrested in Blackburn, Lancashire, and will appear in court on Friday. The teen was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, police in Victoria, Australia, say.
In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions. But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority. A newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to Kermit the Frog. Michelle Obama is 51 years old -- but she certainly doesn't look it, particularly in the eyes of one youngster.
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix last month. The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who was blinded as a child. It's just one of four series that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix. Expect to see Avengers characters "Jessica Jones," "Iron Fist" and "Luke Cage" in their own upcoming series.
YouTube is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video was uploaded on April 23, 2005. In 2015, YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "YouTube Spaces" The Tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to YouTube partners.
The latest beauty trend involves sucking on a shot glass to look like Kylie Jenner. The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days. In 2014, the number of women undergoing "buttock augmentation" rose by 86%.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic. The project, tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event," is casting-contingent. The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film. There is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them. Her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years. "It's just fabulous," she said.
Freddie Gray died from a severe spinal cord injury, an autopsy says. Police say they spotted Gray, gave chase, caught him, cuffed him and requested a "wagon" to transport him. Protesters want to know exactly what happened in those 30 minutes, and say it's clear police used too much force.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" co-stars Jeremy Renner and Chris Evans apologize. Renner called Black Widow a "slut" in a junket interview. Evans called her a "complete whore" Both actors have since issued statements apologizing for their comments.
Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts actors Jared Leto as the Joker, Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. Details for Common's role have not been revealed.
Nepal was hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed. Save the Children has set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children. "We have only a few short weeks before the rainy season begins, which will make an already difficult job close to impossible," she says.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple said. The chase took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the Hudson River. The herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm, and later swam across the Hudson.
Robert Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual. A jury deliberated about 2½ hours before returning guilty verdicts against Benjamin McNamee, 25, Aaron Golson, 22, and Darryl Cearnel, 28. They will be sentenced June 26, according to Orange County, Florida, online court records.
"Sopranos" creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly. Chase's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation. Chase didn't reveal whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies. The end is deliberately uncertain and existential, Chase said.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting of Eric Harris. Bates was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office on April 2. Bates has said he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after the suspect fled from officers.
Geoffrey Lewis played Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel. Lewis began his long association with Clint Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on the 1980s CBS sitcom "Flo"
Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke, according to a tribute on Time's website. His all-TIME top 100 movies list contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo" Corliss was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated.
Pilot stopped during security checks as flight prepared to depart on Saturday night. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place. Passengers were forced to wait in the seats on board the Boeing 777 for more than two hours before the service was canceled.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. "Between Riverside and Crazy," a play by Stephen Adly Guirgis, wins for drama. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins for general nonfiction.
The Justice Department says Americans on the U.S. no-fly list will be given more information. A June ruling said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process. People on the list are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight for travel into or out of the United States.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War. Anthony Bourdain: "It's, in fact, a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness" The host of CNN's "Parts Unknown" recently stopped by Anderson Cooper's kitchen.
This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. The story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise in Chapter 19 of the Bible struck me hard. I truly don't believe in a God that wipes out a town in general because of sexuality.
TSA report: Full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" The TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening, the report says. Only two major airports in the U.S. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened.
A New Jersey woman is charged with driving while intoxicated and reckless driving. She was pinned inside a flipped car and unconscious when police arrived on the scene. It took them two minutes to cut off the seat belt, as smoke kept rising. The woman was airlifted to a hospital and survived.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a "hard-partying college frat boy" He says he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school. He says the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University. He was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus" Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions during the season finale about Mary Magdalene. Here are some of the most interesting, and my answers to them.
Four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday. In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. Here's one way to announce you're pregnant: reference "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air." And a military dad photobombs his son? Kudos for originality.
Melissa Atkins Wardy, author of "Redefining Girly," heard from a frustrated mom on Facebook. Wardy shared the mom's story with her readers and her 6,700 Twitter followers. She also invited people to tweet their own stories with the hashtag #IncludeTheGirls.
On the 2008 campaign trail, Obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by Turks of Armenians. But that was then. Now, as was the case with Bush, Obama regards Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- as a more crucial ally than Armenia.
Hundreds have been confirmed dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake in Nepal. Witness: "The shake was like nothing I have experienced in my 57 years" "My family is traumatised. We are 5 generations living under one roof -- from a 100 year old grandmother to my 16 month old granddaughter"
Ohio Gov. John Kasich: America needs a leader who believes in a common set of fundamental values. He says the leadership style that helped Ohio turn around its economy is needed in Washington. Kasich: Great leaders are not primarily guided by polls, political parties, focus groups, re-election.
Sheldon and Leonard's moms are back on "The Big Bang Theory" Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf are two of the most talented actresses on television. "Saturday Night Live," Saturday May 2 at 11:30 p.m. ET, is the host.
Joel Burger and Ashley King met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois. Burger, now 24, and King, 23, proposed in October. Burger King got wind of the article and was immediately interested in the happy couple. The fast food romance was many years in the making.
Vote on the first story I'll report on "2 degrees" until 5 p.m. ET Monday. Tell CNN's John Sutter which of these climate change stories you like best. This poll closes Monday, April 27, at 5pm ET. All of those story ideas came from you, by the way.
Jon "Bones" Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion. He is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident," police say. A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries. Jones is scheduled to fight Anthony Johnson in UFC 187 on May 23.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. A 15-year-old has also been arrested, according to authorities. The beating was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger's cell phone camera. The victim, 43, said he was commuting home when a young black man asked to use his cell phone.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution. A lawyer acting for Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso said her execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28. On Friday, Indonesian officials advised relevant consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan.
A severe storm capsized sailboats Saturday afternoon during a regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama. Five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been been rescued. More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued.
Betty Whitehead Willis designed the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign. She also designed the signs for Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel. Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city" Today it can be found on T-shirts and refrigerator magnets.
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. She posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. Callers rang the phones hot at Washington County's Animal Clinic, where Lindsey worked.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached. The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 on the secondary market.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases. The dancers in the two cases were held in "administrative detention" following the two investigations.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples. 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall.
A Save the Children spokesman says a ship carrying 550 people capsized off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard says it cannot confirm such an incident. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015.
On July 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire on the audience at a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured. On Monday, shooting suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. CNN spoke with several people whose lives were changed by the shooting.
For 25 years, Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti. For the camp's 10,000 residents, who mostly come from these countries, this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement. Many though say it's been years and they're tired of waiting.
The woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd. She follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!" Eventually, he turns toward her, his face no longer covered. Police commissioner: "I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids"
There's no way to get out of Kathmandu. Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government. It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned. People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings.
No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made. Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night. Witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved: a "Corvette style vehicle" and an SUV.
"No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families," attorney says. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him. 17 of those counts carry the death penalty for the murders of four.
Kathmandu, Nepal, was hit by the worst earthquake this country has experienced in 80 years. The death toll has skipped past 3,000 and climbs, inexorably. At the airport, at passport control, we meet a Nepalese man who is unable to contact his family.
A handful of people repeated the family's message. But the messengers were a finger in a dam that quickly crumbled. A senior living facility under construction by a Baptist church burned to the ground. "I want them all to go back home," said Rev. Jamal Bryant.
"There are no words to do justice to the disappointment and heartbreak we are going through," his wife says. Weinstein was abducted in 2011 from his home in Lahore, Parkistan. He was killed in a U.S. drone strike in January, President Obama says.
Irwin Horwitz, an associate professor at Texas A&M Galveston, says he will fail his entire class. "Enough was enough," Horwitz tells CNN affiliate KPRC. University officials say the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class. The university has not yet responded to CNN's request for comment.
Julian Zelizer: It's hard to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. He says Hillary Clinton is making a Houdini-like effort to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her "Scooby-Doo" van is followed by throngs of press. Zelizer says the old lessons of message discipline don't work in the informal environment.
The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series. The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets. They found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble. They continued filming as they made their way to to the historic Dharahara tower.
Within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. On Sunday alone, India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. It all highlights the more proactive role taken by India in recent months.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended. The U.S. Attorney's Office said the charge of attempted first-degree burglary carries a sentence of up to five years in prison.
South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation. He has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being.
"We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," a climber says. "And then suddenly, we felt the aftershock," he says. Aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside. The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot.
Sonit Awal, 4 months old, was buried in the rubble of his home when the earthquake struck. His father called the Nepalese Army, who spent 22 hours searching for him. On Sunday morning, the soldiers returned and lifted Sonit clear of the fallen rocks, beams, bricks and dust.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest. The armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in April 2014. Boko Haram, a militant Islamist group, has been kidnapping females for years and has hundreds in their custody.
The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province. The then 15-year-old Yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus. She survived the attack, and went on to become an even more vocal activist.
The main highway that heads east out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks. Maili Tamang, 62, is alive, but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life. Mahesh Koiraba, 31, lost his only daughter, Prati, who was killed in the quake.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed in Indonesia on Wednesday. Their deaths will result in short to medium term frictions between Canberra and Jakarta. But the Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside.
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days. Ohio Gov. John Kasich is more visible of late, and makes no secret of the fact that he thinks he is the most qualified among the potential Republican 2016 presidential prospects. Listen to the candidates -- and be reminded of the high stakes of the 2016 race.
Australia is appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. The death penalty looks anachronistic and ineffective at the best of times. Indonesia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states. Other countries regularly kill perfectly innocent civilians in the course of one conflict.
Baltimore investigators handed their files on Freddie Gray's death over to prosecutors Thursday. The state's attorney's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate. No reports will be made public, police Commissioner Anthony Batts says. The Gray family's legal team had no expectations otherwise.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with British journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy. The journalist asked personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction and jail time. Julian Zelizer: Downey seemed to misunderstand that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions.
A man and a woman have been arrested in the Frankfurt-area town of Oberursel. They are suspected of planning a Boston-style attack, but the authorities did not explicitly reveal the target. The suspected target, according to Florian Flade, the terrorism researcher, was a race planned for Friday.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress. The address marks the first time in history that the head of the Japanese government will address the entire U.S. Congress. Abe arrives in Washington at an opportune time to help along the economic centerpiece of the "pivot"
Les Moonves is the president and CEO of CBS Corp., which includes Showtime. His waiter, Gabriel Salvador, offered Moonves an "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing. Salvador is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods" The May 2 fight is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Kim Bok-dong spent five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army, from 1940 onwards. She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do. Kim is determined to share her story with anyone who will listen, until she's no longer physically able.
Up to 200 people are feared missing after a landslide in a trekking area north of Kathmandu. The death toll has now climbed above 4,600 in Nepal, officials say. Rescue efforts are hampered by problems of getting aid into the country and delivering it to some of the remote communities.
Helicopter drops off food, medicine and tents in Melamchi, central Nepal. It is the third mission of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's 7.8-magnitude quake. More than 5,000 people were killed in the quake, which struck Sindhupalchok District.
"I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter says of his earlier sentence. Baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators. They'd been accused of taking part in an effort to raise tests scores at struggling schools by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers.
A dozen Native American actors walked off the set of "The Ridiculous Six" They say the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women. "They were being disrespectful," said David Hill, a Choctaw actor. Sandler had not commented publicly on the walkout as of Friday.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead. CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis. Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside, not even to go to the local mall.
The change is part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency," police say. The new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and the chief of police. Some studies have shown that while any police uniform is usually perceived by the public as a sign of authority, lighter-colored uniforms may give a sense of goodness and safety.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Apocalypse" The "Newsroom" actress will play Betsy Braddock in the movie. "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. It will star James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence.
Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Denizli, Turkey, to photograph gay and lesbian refugees. Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. Homosexuality is illegal in Iran; you can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts. Despite their status, the refugees are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives.
"Avengers" star Jeremy Renner sings Ed Sheeran parodies. Renner has starred in several films, including "The Hurt Locker," "American Hustle: and films in the "Bourne" and "Mission Impossible" franchises. He also plays the trombone.
U.S. officials have voiced their concern about the potential for an ISIS presence in Afghanistan. A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags. The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat"
Marilyn Mosby is Baltimore City State's Attorney. She is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major city in the United States. Mosby, 35, comes from a long line of police officers, including her grandfather, four uncles and her mother. She says her team has been conducting its own independent probe into Freddie Gray's death.
Jared Leto plays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" The movie is based on the DC Comics series and also stars Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis. Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night and the memes started almost immediately.
Rapper/entrepreneur Jay Z took to Twitter over the weekend to defend his new music streaming service, Tidal. He attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor Spotify. He launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference.
Thousands remain missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for their missing loved ones. The death toll in Nepal is rising; it has now surpassed more than 5,000.
Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and other charges. He is accused of running over two men during an argument in January. The incident occurred on the set of "Straight Outta Compton," a film about the influential rap group N.W.A.
Stephen Hawking has teamed up with Monty Python to sing "Galaxy Song" The song is from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life" The collabo is in honor of Record Store Day, when the 7-inch single will be available for sale. The accompanying video is guaranteed to be the most awesome thing you see today.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force, led by General Qassem Suleimani, is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. Iranian officials say they would like better cooperation with the U.S., but point out that the level of trust simply isn't there. Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the US and its allies are not trying seriously enough.
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. The news came one day after The Hollywood Reporter reported exclusively that the husband of EL James, author of the "Fifty Shades" trilogy, will write the script.
70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess. The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status. The monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations.
Sandra Bullock is People magazine's most beautiful woman of 2015. Bullock, 50, is the oldest woman to receive top honors in the magazine's history. The Oscar-winning actress calls the honor "ridiculous" She says she's happy with who she is and doesn't let her mind run amok.
Diana, Princess of Wales, is the sentimental favorite among punters for the royal baby's name. The name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over. The Queen was very fond of Diana, but should her name be bestowed as a first name upon the baby it would be perceived as a slap in the face to the monarchy.
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue" The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion. They married on January 5, 1981, and made Hawaii their home. Their first son, Brandon, was born in 1981, followed by son Brody in 1983.
Julian Zelizer: Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win the White House. He says Sanders is an authentic voice who speaks without fear. Zelizer says Sanders has been one of only a few voices in the Senate who has consistently pointed out that extreme right-wing factions have controlled policy.
With Congress gridlocked, it's time for liberals to look local, writes Julian Zelizer. Zelizer: In New York City, Mayor Bill de Blasio has launched an ambitious pre-K education program. In New Orleans, the mayor has put together a generous housing program, he says.
A 15-year-old boy is pulled from the rubble of a building in Kathmandu. A U.S. team rescues 30 people, including three Americans, from an area of Nepal called Bamboo Village. At least 6,134 people have been killed and 14,000 wounded in the quake.
Fabien Le Coq's photo series "Treesome" is an embodiment of his unique way of interacting with the world around him. The series, shot between 2012 and 2014, reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia. Each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday. Tsarnaev was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty. The defense portrayed Tamerlan Tsarnav as harsh, overbearing and bent on jihad.
Mui Thomas was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, which means her skin is extremely thick, dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales. Mui's struggle to come to terms with her condition and other people's reactions to it has, at times, left her on the brink of suicide. But, now 22, she refuses to let it get in the way of her life -- she has a full-time job and plays sport.
The nominations for the 69th Annual Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning. Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" The awards are set to be handed out June 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on CBS (tape-delayed on the West Coast)
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities had not been consulted. "We will certainly not cooperate, because we were not involved in resolving this issue," he says. The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach European shores.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. At the height of cartel violence, the city averaged 8.5 killings per day. But five years later, local officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure foreign tourists and investors back to Juarez.
Shinzo Abe missed a great opportunity to dispel tensions with his revisionist views on history. Abe has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia. This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea.
Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak. The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation. The victims included men, women and children murdered by Boko Haram when they seized the area in November.
Airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war, and it was eventually annexed. Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported.
Donna Joan Borup, an alleged member of the May 19th Communist Organization, is wanted by the FBI. Cheri Laverne Dalton is wanted for her alleged involvement in the Brinks Armored Car robbery. Leo Frederick Burt was part of a group that bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca dismisses allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing. The case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January. His death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa. The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid. This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks. Using the #FreedomDay hashtag, people across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate.
Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, was rocked by a magnitude 7.8 earthquake on Tuesday. The quake was followed by a series of aftershocks that have continued to strike the city. Survivors have gathered wherever they can find open space to gather. Many houses have been torn apart by the quake, and many people have been injured.
13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. CNN was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part -- the U.S. Navy's guided missile cruiser USS Vicksburg.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, lives a zero-waste lifestyle. She creates almost no waste. She composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products. She packs her bags every day with a metal tin and a reusable fork and knife.
5-year-old Doberman ate watch heads, leather straps and metal pieces. Mocha was a repeat offender; she had emergency stomach surgery last summer. Veterinarians removed about a pound of leather straps, metal pieces and detritus. Owner: "It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up"
The spacecraft will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Roscosmos says. The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7. The ship is now spinning out of control, NASA says.
LZ Granderson was 12 years old when she witnessed riots in Miami. Granderson: The Miami riots of 1980 were the first major "race riots" since the 1960s. He says the images of youths being hosed down by police propelled the civil rights movement into the national spotlight.
Kate Parker's series, "Strong is the New Pretty," shows her daughters as they are. She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives. "I want to capture them before they lose that sense of 'I'm so awesome,' " she said.
"Secret Garden" and "Enchanted Forest" are among the top-selling adult coloring books. Coloring books are being marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults. "The demand is increasing exponentially as the word spreads," one publisher says. "I'm a grown-up, but I still love coloring books," one writer says.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, a new study finds. The increases are driven largely by women's drinking habits as social norms change. In Santa Clara County, Calif., for example, women's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes. Doctors have not given Barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes. The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes. The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Jean Nidetch started Weight Watchers with a group of friends in 1961. She lost 72 pounds and inspired millions more to shed pounds too. "It's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny," she said. "Jean was an inspiration and an innovator," CEO says.
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. She has macular degeneration and glaucoma, two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision. There is no cure for either disease, but there are treatments that may delay the progression. There are also simple things you can start doing to ward off these diseases.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control. Spieth did it while maintaining a stable low back and integrated core strength as the foundation for expressing his swing mobility. Try these three yoga-based moves with your PGA clients to address the key areas of the swing.
142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott and Jackson counties, Indiana. This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people. The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December. Health leaders worry about the spread of HIV as the number of illegal prescription drug users has grown.
Cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. The puzzling problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook. Some are even saying it's the math equivalent of the "What color is the dress" debate.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter" The 92-year-old died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut. Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post.
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines. The researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs. Half of the participants in the study were given an acute dose of the drug and the other half a placebo.
Cassandra C. was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated. Earlier this month, CNN reported that she was in remission, feeling well and her treatment was almost complete.
The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples have the constitutional right to marry. Chief Justice John Roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem an unlikely vote to support a right to same-sex marriage. Both sides see the case as a legacy-making moment for the 60-year-old chief justice.
The latest outbreak of bird flu is not a likely threat to humans, reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds. The USDA is also working on a potential vaccine for the birds.
Many of Nepal's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps. The worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan temple Pagoda. Other famous places of Hindu and Buddhist worship, including the hilltop Swayambhunath temple, remain standing.
Susie Clark found a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond at Crater of Diamonds State Park. It's the 122nd diamond found at the park so far this year. Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park's 37.5-acre search field.
Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving. Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina. In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake, the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet.
Ben Powers played Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times" He also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective drama show. Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced. No cause of death was revealed.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in Gorkha, Nepal. Many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads. To fly to most remote places from Gorkha takes about 30 minutes, five days on foot. The Swiss Humanitarian Aid Unit's philosophy is "to support, not to invade"
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India, for his project "Flower Man" Hermann spent about 10 days at the market, and did not allow any challenges to hinder the completion of his project. The lack of a smile enhances the organic nature of the portraits, Hermann said.
Texas A&M professor Irwin Horwitz threatened to fail his entire class. He accused them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting" Horwitz stands by his tough stance; there was an issue of competency and professionalism. The situation hits on a popular argument on the media and Internet: What do millennials do?
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person. A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. Japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation's workforce.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix for Mercedes. Nico Rosberg finishes second for Mercedes in Shanghai. Sebastian Vettel finishes third for Ferrari. Hamilton leads Rosberg by four points in F1 world title race. The next race is the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 25..
Richard Dysart played Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, according to his wife. Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor, and stage star. He won a Drama Desk award for playing coach in Jason Miller's play, "That Championship Season"
Joni Mitchell was taken to a hospital a month ago after being found unconscious in her home. A longtime friend has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion.
Frida Ghitis: President Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century. She says the Arab Spring-era policies of a Nobel Peace Prize recipient accommodated the transition of Syria into the world's newest jihad theater. Ghitis says the body count will continue to grow in the places where these groups can generate buy-in.
The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. Jenner is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community. He has six biological kids with former wives Chrystie Scott, Linda Thompson, and Kris Jenner. He also helped raise Kris Jenner's four children -- Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Robert Kardashian.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's trip to Moscow has been canceled, Russia says. It was to have been Kim's first official international trip since he came to power in 2011. A possible explanation is that Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position, says Frida Ghitis.
Gloria Borger: Corinthian Colleges Inc. is one of the worst of the "predator colleges" She says we can't afford to continue funding for-profit colleges, which get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money. Borger says the average graduate of an online for-profits makes less than a high school dropout.
LZ Granderson: Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America. He says it's more convenient to say the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police. LZ: We criticize Baltimore's mayor for not "restoring order" as if paying victims of police brutality is "order"
Freddie Gray was arrested by Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident, according to police. Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic. He subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest. The events surrounding Gray's encounter with police remain unclear.
Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed is battling muscular dystrophy. He completed the 26.2-mile race just before 5 a.m. Tuesday. His perseverance was celebrated by crowds at the marathon finish line Tuesday morning. About 30,000 participants raced in this year's marathon.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month. It will be the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms. CEO Håkan Samuelsson said Volvo planned to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years.
Christopher Scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Jeffrey Dahmer. Scarver says Dahmer would leave fake limbs around the prison where others would find them. Dahmer's former prison minister says the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past. "This was just his way  a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation"
The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip. He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit. Kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments, including the leaders of China, Cuba and India.
Waze uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, accidents, stalled cars. Through its "traffic cop" feature, the app can pinpoint the location of police officers. Police officers and deputies enforce traffic laws, execute arrest and search warrants, investigate domestic violence complaints and perform countless tasks.
Peter Schweizer's new book, "Clinton Cash," will be released on May 5. Peter Bergen says the book will raise questions about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family. Bergen: Until and unless a smoking gun appears in the form of money for favors, it becomes hard to say what, exactly, is wrong with donating cash to aid.
Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. To register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers like Li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a "purge" The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel. In the movies, people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent "purgers" roam the streets.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was trapped for 36 hours in the rubble of her Kathmandu home. She was freed by an Indian rescue team, apparently protected by a beam. The mother-of-four says she was confident she would be rescued. At least 4,500 people have been killed in the disaster.
Miami police set up a hidden camera inside a plane to catch baggage handlers stealing valuables. A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims from 2010 to 2014 shows 30,621 claims. John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims.
Cecily Strong of "Saturday Night Live" hosted C-SPAN's White House Correspondents' dinner. President Barack Obama, as Strong's warm-up act, didn't hit the podium until 10:20 p.m. Obama was nailing his own punch lines frequently, and perfectly.
"The Unauthorized Full House Story" will be Lifetime's follow-up to "Saved By the Bell" Ron McGee, who penned the "Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story," will write the "Full House" take. Casting will begin immediately. The news comes after Lifetime's Bell take fizzled on Labor Day 2014.
The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23. "There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic (as before)," says Gregorio Billikopf. The first eruption set off a bit of a panic in the region.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise. The film is dedicated to co-star Paul Walker, who died in a car accident in 2013. Critics are praising the film's action and the camaraderie on and off screen.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" picks up where last year's "Captain America: Winter Soldier" left off. Director Joss Whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle. Ultron is a cool and sophisticated creation; what he lacks is a heart.
Alondra Luna Nuñez, 14, was taken from her middle school in Guanajuato, central Mexico. She was believed to be the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. A woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico.
The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street" Kendall Jenner, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Caroline Flack also make the list. Sandra Bullock doesn't appear anywhere on FHM's list, even though People magazine named her "World's Most Beautiful Woman"
Lois Lilienstein was a co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" The Canadian preschool show ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s. Her son said she died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer. "She died very peacefully and not in pain," he said.
Andrew Lesnie won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, "The Fellowship of the Ring" The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner, the directorial debut of Russell Crowe. Lesnie also shot "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" (2011)
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar, who died in 2012. Randall is the musician's own middle name, as well as his father's first. The couple announced the pregnancy in January, with an Instagram post. It is the first baby for both.
Johnny Kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay, Jamaica. "Just Got Paid" was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart. Boy band 'NSYNC covered the song in the 2000 album "No Strings Attached"
Koch Industries is the latest company to remove a box from job applications that asks about convictions. Julian Zelizer says the move is a step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records. Zelizer: The reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy $57-$65 billion in 2008 alone.
Frida Ghitis: The Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics. She says the marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law. Ghitis says the court's also clear is the court has evolved from reason and submissive politics to politics.
On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war. Vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered. Trucks that once supplied millions sit still. One road, forever pot-holed in the past decade, is now being covered over by Afghans.
Tennis legend Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland. Grand slam and Olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt. The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe's project "Toy Soldiers" uses soldiers posed as green plastic figurines. The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s. Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on "how images of war (will) be consumed in the future"
"When a Man Loves a Woman" became a cornerstone of soul music. Percy Sledge was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005. He had been in hospice care for cancer, the East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner's Office says.
Consumer Reports analyzed 70 million passenger trips over the past two years. Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million. JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets. On average, nearly 10% of passengers on the five biggest U.S. airlines flew on domestic award seats.
Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband and jailed for adultery. She was pardoned and released courtesy of a presidential pardon. After her release, she was pressured to marry her attacker. She now says she was told by her relatives to make up the allegations.
Freddie Gray died one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore. An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. Video recorded at the scene shows Gray, with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet.
Etan Patz, 6, disappeared more than three decades ago. His disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. Pedro Hernandez is charged with two counts of second-degree murder. His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged and unable to tell whether he committed the crime or not.
Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company in New York, snapped the lucky shot. She posted the picture to Twitter, and within a few hours, it had already received hundreds of retweets. This isn't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples.
Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India. Along with China, the United States and the former Soviet Union are the only other nations to have so far landed craft on the moon.
Toya Graham says she wasn't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. "He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing," she says. The video of Graham yanking her son, Michael Singleton, from a protest has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, CNN Turk reports. About a fifth of Turkey's population is Kurdish. The conflict has been, some say, a battle by activists among Turkey's Kurdish minority for independence. Since the first incidents more than three decades ago, an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost.
The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. It survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts. Researchers surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone. "After 64 years on the seafloor, Independence sits on the bottom as if ready to launch its planes," NOAA says.
"A mass grave is being created in the Mediterranean Sea," Doctors Without Borders president says. A Bangladeshi migrant tells investigators that many were trapped inside behind locked doors. The boat capsized after a couple of days at sea, sending hundreds of migrants into the sea. Malta's prime minister calls the tragedy "genocide"
Creflo Dollar says the devil is trying to discredit him over his campaign to buy a Gulfstream G650. The Atlanta-area pastor is seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet. In March, a nearly six-minute video was uploaded on the Creflo Dollar Ministries website soliciting money.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather's "Fight of the Century" won't "save" boxing, says Peter Bergen. He says the sport has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday. Bergen: Boxing isn't fading away because we've finally awoken to its brutality. It's fading because of catastrophic mismanagement and competition from MMA, he says.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame. The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition, an eyewitness told 2M TV, a Moroccan state-owned network.
Marleni Olivo wrote her name and number on a mango and threw it at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. In a video that has gone viral in Venezuela, Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear. He then calmly picks up the mango and holds it up to the crowd. Later in the evening, the president mentioned the incident in one of his customary live TV broadcasts.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch's first job will be to restore order in Baltimore. The Baltimore Police Department has been the subject of bitter complaints of brutality. The Justice Department has the power to withhold federal funds from local departments. Lynch can also apply the tougher approach of suing local departments and securing court-ordered reforms.
Ben Affleck's great-great-great grandfather was a slave owner in the mid-1800's. Ben Affleck asked producers of a PBS show to remove any reference to the ancestor. Julian Zelizer: Who in their right mind would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to.
The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, at 4:55 p.m. Saturday. Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States.
President Obama says climate change is a public health issue that affects all of us. Obama encourages ordinary citizens, doctors and nurses to start putting some pressure on elected officials. Obama did not appear particularly concerned about the current Supreme Court challenge to the Affordable Care Act. The average American can also do their part to reduce their own carbon footprint.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad. They are members of the "Bali Nine" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. Lawyers for the pair had argued that President Joko Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases.
Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their two embryos. Loeb has said he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term. The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos.
Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet. The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages. Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people.
Frida Ghitis: U.S. drone strike killed two aid workers held hostage by Al Qaeda. Ghitis says rogue regimes have long used hostages to extract concessions, humiliate the United States. She says Iran, North Korea have also used hostages as bargaining chips.Ghitis: Obama's efforts to hold North Korea accountable, by omission, derailed talks.
The Slants are five Asian-American musicians from Portland, Oregon, who pay homage to the '80s on stage. A bureaucrat at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office decided that "Slant" was disparaging to Asians. This is not the first time someone has "taken back" a marginalizing term in a trademark fight.
The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel. Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa.
Gunman walks into Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, and shoots a print shop operator. The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee. The suspected gunman, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school.
Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers. A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees. An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing, but still more wait to try to reach Europe.
Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought. Underneath the national park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over. An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the USGS says.
Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House" The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as the recently widowed mother of three boys. Jodie Sweetin, who played Stephanie Tanner in the original series, and Andrea Barber will both return.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai has developed a house that uses water to heat and cool. The house is able to reheat itself and is independent of energy suppliers. Gutai is working with factories and companies across Europe on projects using this technology. "Our goal should be to use less energy and materials, and take cities off-grid as much as possible," he says.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen. The move was also meant to reassure allies in the region, a Pentagon spokesman said. President Barack Obama told MSNBC that the United States has been clear in its messages to Tehran.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday. But Aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of the rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi. The Houthis forced Hadi from power in January, though Hadi still claims to be Yemen's legitimate leader.
Jerome R. Hunt, 54, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending. The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, a Secret Service source says. The Secret Service has come under heavy criticism after two incidents compromised the security of the grounds.
A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says. He told authorities he had fallen asleep, the airline says. The plane was only in the air for 14 minutes, it says. After returning to Seattle, the aircraft took off again, arriving in Los Angeles.
Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public. The game follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox. A source within Major League Baseball says the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history.
Wisconsin rallies from a 60-56 deficit to beat Kentucky 71-64. The Badgers will play Duke in Monday night's title game. The Blue Devils beat Michigan State 81-61 in the first contest of the night. Duke will be looking to win its first title since 1941.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. His opinion, issued in November, goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans. The split helped pave the way for the U.S. Supreme Court to take up a case on Tuesday.
New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream. The beer is set to hit shelves in the fall. Both companies have a history of social activism, and the new project will be no different. But sadly for beer fans, there's no talk of a beer-flavored ice cream yet.
Mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. MESSENGER is running out of fuel and will hit the planet's surface around April 30. If you want to see Mercury with your own eyes, you may be in luck if you can find an area with dark skies.
Houthi spokesman says talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks" The previous round of talks between Houthi rebels and the government failed in January. Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province of Taiz, security officials say. In the country's south, officials report two U.S. drone strikes against al Qaeda militants.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go," local media reported. His office has denied he made the comments, saying journalists misquoted him. This is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in South Africa.
Psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski says ISIS beheadings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation. He says the frequent, high profile reports could result in psychologically "priming" people to be more inclined to emulate them. A lack of hard data makes it impossible to say conclusively whether such killings are being carried out by non-jihadists.
Bobbi Kristina Brown, 22, has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says. "We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time," Cissy Houston says. A source tells CNN that she remains in the same neurological state she has been in for three months.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in 2012. Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday. Holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings, and that is his legal defense and court plea. Prosecutors aren't swayed and will seek the death penalty.
A U.S. Army soldier was killed in an attack in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan soldier killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, police say. A senior U.s. official had just held a meeting with Nangarhar's governor at the compound.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. Officer Michael Slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at Walter Scott as Scott ran away from a traffic stop. Video footage contradicts Slager's statement that he felt threatened after Scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard. When Moammar Gadhafi was in control, he also controlled the flow of migrant ships. In October 2013, after a tragic boat accident off the coast of Lampedusa, Italy decided it had to act.
Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole was attacked by four South Africans in Johannesburg. Photographer James Oatway captured the entire attack on his camera. "They wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that," he says. Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police in Baltimore on April 12. The 25-year-old was carried in the van for 40 minutes and he was not properly buckled in, according to authorities. Gray's family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped, and he died.
Mohamed Mohamud, also known as Dulyadin and Gamadhere, is the mastermind of the attack. Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack, U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says. Another terrorist involved in the Garissa University College attack is Abdirahim Abdullahi.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East. The country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets. The U.S. welcomes some of Iran's support for Iraqi forces in the fight against ISIS, but says there simply is no basis for deeper cooperation on the battlefield.
Baltimore City Councilman Carl Stokes: "We don't have to call them thugs" Rev. Jamal Bryant: "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children" Author Kevin Shird: "Thug" is "not like the n-word in my mind"
Dr. Mehmet Oz has been accused of pushing "quack treatments... for personal financial gain" Dr. John Oliver eviscerated Oz on his hit HBO show "Last Week Tonight" Oz and his producers responded with alacrity, slicing and dicing his ill-prepared challengers.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks. India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned the bail release on Friday.
Beatriz Paez says a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her cell phone and smashed it with his foot. The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. Paez filed a complaint with police in South Gate, California, but the police don't have authority over marshals.
Novak Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters title. Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final. Serbian world number one extends winning streak to 17 matches. First man to win opening three Masters tournaments of the season.
Suzanne Crough portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom. Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "Partridge Family" band. Crough also starred in the TV series "Mulligan's Stew" and had spots on other series.
Muhammadu Buhari, a 72-year-old former general, won Nigeria's presidential election. He ran on an anti-corruption platform, says Femi Ogunlesi. The cancer of corruption has to be cut out, he says, and Nigeria's poor have been victims of it.
A draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed. The manuscript sports the approval signature of the district's then-superintendent. Molly Ringwald's character, Claire Standish, was originally to be named Cathy Douglas.
Mohamed Badie is sentenced to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group. 36 other defendants are sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks. They were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy. The U.S. State Department condemns the sentence and calls for his release on humanitarian grounds.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. Julian Zelizer: The 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. He says the "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears. Zelizer says the public is open to hearing the real story on pay equity.
Timothy Stanley: Baltimore rioting had nothing to do with baseball. Stanley: Orioles postponed two games due to "ongoing public safety issues" Stanley: Baseball is supposed to create community, to unify. Without fans, does baseball mean anything? He says the Orioles' decision to postpone the final game is striking.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The movie was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget. Python ended up making three movies -- well, four, if you count "And Now for Something Completely Different"
Memphis Grizzlies small forward Jeff Green had to have open heart surgery. He missed the entire 2011-2012 season. "I attack every game like this could be my last," he said. Green is now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk. He also spends time with children dealing with cardiac issues -- often telling them they are "superheroes"
Frida Ghitis: Incidents of police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon. She says police brutality is neither new nor reflective of a "moment," but we have not yet shown resolve to end it. Ghitis says we are losing the confidence of a generation of young people in law enforcement and the justice system.
A Chinese court has convicted veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets. Gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping told CNN. The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9" She was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later.
More than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid. "Spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana. Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity, from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet Tuesday night at the 2015 TIME 100 gala. The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers. It came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show, "Inside Amy Schumer," premiered on Comedy Central.
"Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016," and yes, even "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending. There were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour, and 750,000 Facebook video views so far by Sunday evening. Some tweeted their immediate support, with one word:.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012. Prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another. The Australian national has not been charged and denies the claims.
Chinese nuclear experts have told the U.S. that Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. Peter Bergen: The key takeaway from the latest assessment of North Korea's nuclear capability is not the actual number of warheads, but the type of warhead. He says Pyongyang could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium.
The microneedle patch, which resembles a small, round adhesive bandage, could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps. It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children. Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
Rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years, researchers say. In South Korea, myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18% in 1955 to over 96% myopia in 2011. Myopia is also rising in Western nations like Germany and the United States.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should announce she would take a 23% pay cut if elected president. He says it's a political stunt, but it would send a powerful message about the gender wage gap. Zelizer says such stunts are effective in our increasingly short-attention-span culture.
TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say. A male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive, he would alert a female TSA officer. The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger was walking through. And that information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area.
The proposed training materials were submitted to Manhattan Federal Court judge Analisa Torres on Monday. They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" and "not imitate the speech patterns" of others. The revised training notes are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal. The Islamic republic's supreme leader says it's too soon to celebrate the deal. He says he's not certain it will become binding because he has "never been optimistic about negotiations with the U.S."
At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others wounded, official says. Ramadi is the capital of Anbar province, Iraq's Sunni heartland. The extremist group's offensive in Ramadi shows its resilience despite months of U.S.-led airstrikes.
Muna Mansour is from Buffalo in upstate New York. Her family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. Muna was visiting her sick father in Aden when fighting broke out around her. With the Houthi forces to the north and the waters of the Gulf of Aden to the south, Aden is essentially besieged.
A postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds. The aircraft is classified by the FAA as a gyrocopter. Aircraft on instrument flight rule flight plans, which include all airline operations, are not required to comply with SFRA restrictions. Noncompliance with the airspace requirements, or worse, no communication at all, carries some serious federal penalties.
Scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night. The new study doesn't change the picture for life on Mars.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States. Intense competition for China's drivers means that car manufacturers are increasingly developing vehicles that cater to Chinese preferences.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order. Critics have expressed alarm at the move, saying it marks the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" The new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability.
"The Late Show with David Letterman" announced some of the guests for the talk show host's final month of broadcasts. Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano are among them. The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene. The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived.
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a part of Baltimore where half the properties are vacant. The project was to include about 60 senior citizen apartments and a community center. The cause of the blaze was still under investigation. "Baltimore is a tinderbox. We have a lot of anger as a result of unemployment," one pastor says.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government" The excuse of "resisting Iran's influence," meanwhile, appears to be nothing but sectarian bluster. The Saudi goal is simple: Prevent the rise of any popularly supported government in the region that seeks self-determination.
Libyan officials are in a quandary. There is no system in place to send these people home, jail them or let them go. About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa. They denied they were heading to Europe and told CNN they just want to go home.
"We were running ourselves to save our lives," German climber says. At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing. Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain amid growing concern for groups stuck around 20,000 feet (6,100 meters) high.
"They got it wrong," Aaron Hernandez says as he is transported from the courthouse. "I didn't do it," he tells a source close to the case. Hernandez, 25, was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. He was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and ammunition.
University of Florida and Emory University are investigating. Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend. "They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts," a veteran says. Three University of Florida members have been expelled from the group.
"Partner up," the Facebook status read. Jae Rockwell, the founder of Women RUN the World, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. Swimming remains my weakest link. I just learned to swim last summer. Sometimes I forget that and don't cut myself any slack.
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14. Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States. At 3.6 billion miles out in the solar system, it's about 40 times as far as Earth is.
On April 12, 1945, the Chicago Daily News broke the news of President Roosevelt's death. Bob Lewin, who usually handled labor stories, was told "to do something on the new president" Lewin opened an envelope and spread out newspaper clippings. He wrote: "The new President -- the 33d in the history of the United States -- is Harry S. Truman"
Frida Ghitis: ISIS and Boko Haram have a strategy beyond the battlefield. She says their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their radical strategy. Ghitis says ISIS is going to great lengths to prove how its treatment of women is in keeping with Islamic law.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands. A Delaware family fell gravely ill and suffered seizures; two brothers, ages 14 and 16, remain in comas. Authorities are trying to track down anyone who stayed at the affected villas or who might have been exposed.
The Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993. Calcite pebbles line the Neanderthal's eye sockets, nose bone and an upper jaw. Analysis of the calcite has shown the bones are 128,000 to 187,000 years old.
ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power. ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause. The group has gained territory, cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of Sunnis.
"We are waiting for him. We're very happy he is coming," a Cuban-American says. The Pope will stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington, New York and Philadelphia. Francis will be the third consecutive leader of the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties. He says for liberals, who believe that government is there to do something, it's this lack of definition that is surely so disconcerting about Clinton. There are good grounds for a liberal primary challenge to Clinton, he says.
A&E, Lifetime and History will simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery. The new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family" Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for authenticity.
Frida Ghitis: We set Baltimore on fire, brutalized black bodies, turned a funeral into a riot. She says the word "we" is one of the great American words: We the People. Ghitis says both longstanding structural racism and personal irresponsibility are on display this week. She writes: We cannot separate out the aspects of the problem that don't fit our preferred explanation.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross. The latest episode of the "true cross," a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people, is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
Underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains of the passenger jet. So far, they've covered about 60% of the priority search zone without finding anything.
Some local businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city. "We shut down not out of fear, but for solidarity," co-owner of Charmington's says. Other businesses outside the major protest zones stayed open to be a resource for the community.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls. The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy. The initiative is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content, toys, books and TV specials.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned? And what are we willing to do to make sure it doesn't happen again? The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer. We must eliminate our dependence on fossil fuels by developing sustainable energy solutions.
Henry Louis Gates is accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his PBS documentary series "Finding Your Roots" Ben Affleck's concern was that the segment would have aired his family's dirty laundry, which includes a slaveholding ancestor, Benjamin Cole. Gates later explained that he subbed that part of the segment for another that made for more "compelling television"
Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight, and within minutes Scott was dead. Slager's attorney at the time, David Aylor, said that Slager "felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon"
Hillary Clinton released a low-key video on Sunday announcing her run for the White House. The video is filled with women -- young, old, black, white, Asian and Latina. Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present. She could be helped by an improving climate for women in politics.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. at its detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists. Yemen has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves last year.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and "make Washington work for families again" Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, also got specific with her wish list, mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up Social Security would get high marks from her.
LZ Granderson was once a cop in Baltimore. Granderson: The ghetto, and I'm talking class and not race, was on full display by Monday. He says those who caused destruction on Monday had little, if anything, to do with Freddie Gray protests. LZ: It's too easy to blame police for all our problems.
The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty. Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Jurors will be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the July 20, 2012, shooting. The attack killed 12 people and wounded another 70 in Aurora, Colorado.
SpaceX will try to land a rocket on a platform floating in the Atlantic Ocean. The company is founded by billionaire Elon Musk. The rocket will carry an uncrewed cargo spacecraft to the International Space Station. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch.
CNN's John Defterios traveled to Yemen on a boat ferrying refugees. The boat became an unexpected lifeline for some of the families caught in the fighting. The refugees were being charged $300  a person: an "exit fee" The boat was eventually allowed to dock in the country's north, in Obok.
Jamal al-Labani is believed to be the first U.S. citizen killed in the current violence in Yemen. The 45-year-old was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell, his family says. Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months.
John Avlon: Supreme Court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers. He says public opinion is just one of the extrajudicial factors that the justices sometimes take into consideration. Avlon says it looks like most of the justices have already made up their minds on the issue.
Syrian man says he paid $6,500 to a smuggler to take him across the Mediterranean to Italy by sea. He says the journey was worth the risk, the bad treatment and the fear. "I dreamed of being a human being who is treated like one who is like one," he says.
Vladimir Putin defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran. "Iran is not a threat to Israel at all," he said. Putin's annual exercise is fascinating for ordinary Russians, who normally get him in closely managed doses on state-run television.
Blue Bell Creameries recalls all its ice cream, frozen yogurt, sherbet and other frozen treats. The bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others with weak immune systems. The CDC recommends consumers do not eat any Blue Bell brand products.
A group of 10 doctors from across the country emailed a letter to Columbia University expressing disapproval that Oz is on the faculty. They accuse Oz of what they call "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his TV and promotional work. In a written statement issued last week, Oz said he will address the issue on his show next week.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway. A passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene. The driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol says.
Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, when she tried to repel a bee. "The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat," police said. Keslar tried to rescue her sons, authorities said, but was hampered by the steep sides of the canal.
Tornadoes touched down near Dallas on Sunday. The National Weather Service warned of a large, damaging tornado. There are reports of damage, including many roofs ripped off, in Rio Vista and Grandview, both outliers of Fort Worth. On social media, images circulated of flipped 18-wheelers.
Beijing-backed election proposal tabled in Hong Kong legislature. If approved, Hong Kongers would be able to vote for their next leader in 2017. But candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee. Pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto the proposal.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott called the executions "cruel and unnecessary" Six other inmates were executed, including Nigerians Raheem Salami and Silvester Obiekwe Nwolise.
Toya Graham, the Baltimore mom who pulled her son away from a riot, was hailed as a hero. Frida Ghitis: But wasn't she also promoting violence? She says we need more mothers like Graham, who will do whatever it takes to protect their children and steer them through the tricky course of adolescence.
"It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," U.S. President Barack Obama says. Iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges. The United States and the European Union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country's economy.
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11. The Bible I'm reading is "The Deluxe Catholic Bible," published in 1986. After four days of reading this week, my journal is full of observations and ideas.
North Korean defector Lee Min-bok is sending thousands of copies of "The Interview" across the border to North Korea. He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen. The decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with North Korea, says Lee.
A second person has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries," Australia's Federal Police say.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests was among the 64 people wounded. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. No other organization has so far claimed responsibility.
Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo. The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011. McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base.
Officer Michael Rapiejko says he thought he was too far to take a shot at Mario Valencia. The Marana, Arizona, police officer hit Valencia with his patrol car in February. Valencia, who flew through the air, survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) will launch in October 2018. It is intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years. JWST will work in the infra-red spectrum, allowing scientists to detect more distant targets. NASA says the mission will cost $8.5 billion.
Czech politician Vit Jedlicka has declared the Free Republic of Liberland. He says he expects trouble from Serbia and Croatia, whose land he has effectively annexed. The country will be formally founded on May 1 and is inviting the world's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony.
Abraham Lincoln never lost his ardor for the United States to remain united during the Civil War. The spirit of Lincoln's second inaugural was self-evident on April 9, 1865 -- 150 years ago. Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his approximately 28,000 troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant.
President Obama used the term "transgender" in a State of the Union address. "Transparent," about an aging father who begins living as a woman, won two top awards at the Golden Globes. Transgender actress Laverne Cox of "Orange is the New Black" was just cast in a new CBS drama.
Sculptor Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist. His "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin. They are created through a process called "two-photon lithography" Hurwitz first made his name as the co-founder of Wonga.
117 migrants, mostly from sub-Saharan Africa, arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday. The group, which included 31 women, was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians. They were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend.
Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men, is outed as gay in a new issue. The character's outing happens in an unusual manner. The "X-Men" series of comics have long been progressive in terms of diversity, with a black female character, Storm, appearing in the 1970s.
CNN's John Sutter says he sees signs of a medical marijuana revolution everywhere. For the first time a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, he says. Support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone. Sutter: "Weed 3" will be the first federally approved clinical study on the use of marijuana for PTSD.
Fireball has dethroned Jagermeister as America's party shot of choice. Retail sales more than doubled last year, and Fireball has become the sixth-most popular liquor brand. It's made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels, flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon.
The body of a 3-year-old girl may have been dead "for at least a few weeks," police say. The girl's mother was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm. Police are looking for the girls' parents, who may be in California with five other children.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. His fate rests on his ability to conceive with the two female rhinos at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy. Rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by the belief in Asia that their horns cure various ailments.
The death toll in Nepal now stands at 3,218, a government spokesman says. India has reported 56 deaths, and China another 20. The death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the countryside. Residents of Kathmandu are banding together to get by, with stores shuttered and few sources of food.
Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings by police. The incident in question took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state. Forest officials spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood, police say. Police: The ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon. The defense has maintained that Tsarnaev, who was 19 and flunking out of college at the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth, fell under the sway of his brother.
John Moynihan, 34, is a former U.S. Army Ranger. He was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing. The "Top Cop" helped save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the bombers.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. The charge could land him in prison for up to four years if he's found guilty. Video shows Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun.
15 people are arrested on suspicion of murdering the Christians, police say. The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. The alleged assailants are Muslims from Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal. Other people on the voyage told police they were spared "because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt"
Marana police chief Terry Rozema says deadly force was justified. Video shows an officer running into a suspect with a rifle. The suspect, Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged. The footage has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used.
A 2-year-old Milwaukee boy was hit and killed by a van at a family birthday party. The boy's older brother, 15, and the van's driver were also killed. The driver and the teen were both shot by the same man, police say. The suspect, Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, committed suicide in a Chicago-area hotel.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he was handcuffed and choked. The suit said Luis Colon had parked his car and gotten out when RapieJko ordered him back into the car.
EU ministers propose a 10-point plan to help address the crisis. A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on the ship from Libya. More than 35,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the Mediterranean Sea in 2015, U.N. says. "Gangs of criminals are putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint," Maltese PM says.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris. Harris, a possibly PCP-addled felon, ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun. As deputies tried to handcuff Harris, Bates arrived with a pepper spray gun in hand.
The shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. There was no bystander video of Michael Brown's death -- no concrete evidence to support or refute different witness claims about what had transpired. It's unlikely Michael Slager would have been fired and charged with murder if not for video shot by witness Feidin Santana.
Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week. Local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy. In the past, Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions.
A New Jersey man died after he was arrested and handcuffed. In Louisiana, a sheriff's deputy claimed a man shot and killed himself in the back of a squad car. In California, a schizophrenic man was killed by police after he begged them for help. He was unarmed and standing in a parking lot.
Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan. "All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," she said. "I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," she added.
The SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in November 1942. The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface (5,150 meters) It went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it. At today's rates, 100 tons of silver would be worth about $50 million.
The group includes 19 women and five men. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in 2012. He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. If convicted of the most serious charges, he could face a death sentence.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight takes place in Las Vegas on Saturday. Most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out. But there are still some ringside seats going at crazy money. The most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website, was retailing for a mammoth $128,705.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. Scott's death has reignited a national conversation around race and policing. Slager was also named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly "Tased a man for no reason"
Robert Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent. Boardwine argued that he always expected to be a dad, going to the kid's games.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, faces life in prison or the death penalty. He is accused of setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism. On Monday, the jury saw a video of the moment a bomb exploded and disemboweled an 8-year-old boy.
"We will get to the bottom of it, and we will go where the facts lead us," Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says. The Justice Department is looking into whether a prosecutable civil rights violation occurred. Police release the names of the six officers involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students. She asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew..." Many of the students she teaches at Doull Elementary just wish they had something in common with her. But sometimes, their wishes bring tears to her eyes.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. A video shows Slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old Walter Scott as Scott has his back to him and is running away. Scott's shooting stirred memories of the Michael Brown case in Ferguson, Missouri.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. The tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open. #tacocannon hurtled past #EarthDay as the No. 1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday. A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 km per hour, during which it covered 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles) That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences. Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title. Their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport. Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696, ahead of Jessica von Bredow-Werndl and Unee BB.
World's top showjumping and dressage horses arrive in Las Vegas for World Cup Finals. Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting in 2000. Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event. The action begins on Thursday, April 16, with dressage reaching a climax on Saturday.
Ronen Ziv had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother. Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Ziv says his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section. He worries his surrogate mother, Nafisa Shaje, will not get the proper medical attention.
U.S. Rep. Ed Royce: Japan's PM Shinzo Abe has an opportunity to do right by the "comfort women" He says the women were forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese during World War II. The House of Representatives passed a resolution in 2007 calling on Japan to apologize.
Chad Bernstein's nonprofit pairs middle-school students with professional musicians. Since 2008, Bernstein's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015. See more CNN Heroes here.
Anuradha Koirala, who rescues victims of sex trafficking, has a rehabilitation center in Kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls. Another CNN Hero, Pushpa Basnet, and the 45 children she cares for were also forced to evacuate their residence and are now living on the ground in a nearby field.
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms to help single parents with cancer. Since 2006, the group has helped more than 300 parents in the Phoenix area. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
NPR ran a segment on the unrest in Baltimore, saying it revealed tensions between blacks and Asians. Peter Bergen: There's little evidence that Asian businesses have been targeted out of racial animus. He says Asian-owned stores have experienced damage partly because they make up a portion of establishments.
Jordan Spieth says he misses his autistic sister Ellie. The 21-year-old won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. He equaled Tiger Woods' 1997 winning score of 18 under par. Spieth is the second-youngest winner in Masters history. He was named after basketball legend Michael Jordan.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days. "I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me," Jordan tells CNN. Jordan was reported missing January 29, a few days after his last contact with his father.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported gays' and lesbians' right to wed. By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute. The margin is small but statistically significant, because of the exceptionally large pool of respondents: 40,000 adult Americans.
Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in California's history. Julian Zelizer: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth. He says we know that human-induced climate change is increasing the risk that an event such as this will happen.
In the United States, almost 42 million adults have been married more than once. The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high. Studies show marriage is correlated with economic well-being, though it is not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit.
Anthony Sideri was your average student in high school playing on the hockey team. He began abusing Percocet and OxyContin, opium-containing painkillers. By 2005, he had been snorting heroin daily for two years. He spent a year in court-ordered rehab and another 22 months in jail.
As many as 1,600 migrants have died at sea in the past 10 days, says CNN's Nic Robertson. Robertson: The migrant crisis has been brewing for years, but now minds are focused. He says Italians are alarmed at the prospect that as many as a million migrants could arrive this year.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel. The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury. The probe was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun. It traveled about 5 billion miles -- a journey that included 15 trips around the Sun.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," geologists say. The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches. Evacuations in the region involve not only people but animals as well.
Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. She has said Winston raped her in December 2012. A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. Winston led the Florida State Seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season.
Italy's Finance Police's ship, the Calabrese, regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa. In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East. Many migrants have been beaten and robbed of their possessions before they board a ship.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, a lawmaker says. He has ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year, Shin Kyung-min says. Kim considers any views at variance with his own a challenge to his authority, he says.
Taylor Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, has been diagnosed with cancer. Swift did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer. #PrayForMamaSwift was a trending hashtag Thursday on Twitter. Swift urged her fans to make sure their parents get screened for cancer and other potential health problems.
At least two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property. Freddie Gray died Sunday, one week after he was arrested by Baltimore police. His family says his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died. A police union's comparison of the demonstrations to a "lynch mob" drew sharp criticism.
Bikram Choudhury is accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students. He says he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie. "I want to show you," he says, "tell the truth to the world, that I never assaulted them"
India could outpace China as the world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year. China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. India faces a longer list of economic challenges including higher unemployment, chronic inflation and an overwhelming lack of basic infrastructure.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests. In the tests, an experienced marksman "repeatedly hit moving and evading targets"
Sarah Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, her family says. She and her husband, James Brady, pushed for stricter gun control laws. James Brady was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. during his attempt to assassinate Reagan in 1981. Brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair, advocating against gun violence.
Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto says "we shall relocate them ourselves" Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people. The U.N. refugee agency manages the Dadaab complex, having set up the first camps in 1991.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska. The six protesters used ropes and harnesses to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean. They plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck for several days.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television. It is direct access to the Russian leader, or at least as direct as most Russians will ever get. Sanctions and Russia's deep economic crisis is set to be a major a theme. Last year saw NSA whistleblower, Edward Snowden, granted asylum in Russia, address Putin by videolink.
Yemeni officials say Saudi airstrikes hit a nearby school, injuring at least a half dozen students. Separately, Saudi airstrikes wiped out about a fifth of the armored vehicles recently captured by southern separatists. The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was a former top deputy to Saddam Hussein. He also was a key figure in Sunni extremist groups battling the Iraqi government. He was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture. The U.S. military is aware of the media reports but doesn't have further information to evaluate them.
The Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. It has been grounded by the weather in China for two-and-a-half weeks. The aircraft needs near perfect weather conditions, including cross winds of less than 4 knots, or about 7 kilometers an hour.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. The group sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law, even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists or defies its medieval interpretation of Islamic law.
The five activists on women's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future.
Paul Nungesser is suing Columbia University for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a "serial rapist" He was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim, as well as others that came to light after she went public with her allegations in various media interviews. Her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus.
President Obama and Raul Castro shake hands at a dinner for Latin American leaders. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night. Seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him. The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect.
The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. Each day is a struggle in many parts of the country, but there is something you can do to make an impact. We vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival" He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided Tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage. Justice Anthony Kennedy returned to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote. Chief Justice John Roberts this time seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. The arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on Tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
It's unclear how Freddie Gray suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death. Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs. None of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force against the 25-year-old.
The U.N. is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. It has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in April last year.
William Melendez, 49, is charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner. He is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, Floyd Dent, around the neck and punching him several times in the head. On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent, 57, were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court.
The U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet. But officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces. And, according to a report by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, the U.s. must rethink the role of manned submarines.
Guenter Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend. German media are reporting he died of pneumonia. Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide. Grass, an outspoken public figure, has sparked controversy in the last decade.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another cop to stop using his phone to capture the incident. "Mr. Scott never tried to fight," Santana tells CNN. In other interviews, Santana has said he feared for his life, which almost kept him from revealing the recording.
The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed. Dozens of bodies are pulled from the historic nine-story Dharahara tower. At least 17 people are reported killed on Mount Everest. The quake was the strongest in the region in more than 80 years.
Yuhei Takashima, 64, says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women in the Philippines. Police say he took 147,600 photos of his activities over more than a quarter of a century. He was arrested on Wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14.
65 cases of Pappy Van Winkle were reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013. The high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job," the sheriff said at the time. On Tuesday, a grand jury indicted "nine members of a criminal syndicate" of two distilleries.
Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change" It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. Protesters are pushing for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of the votes in October.
Freddie Gray did not get timely medical care after he was arrested, police say. He was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, they say. The developments come two days after a police union attorney spoke of the possibility that the injuries occurred during a "rough ride"
CyArk is a non-profit company that uses laser scanning to protect cultural heritage. Ben Kacyra was born in Mosul, Iraq, in 1940, and moved to the U.S. in 1964. He founded CyArk, a company that specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture, in 2003.
The third World Happiness Report was released on April 23. People who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support. Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place in this year's list of the world's happiest countries.
President Barack Obama meets with his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro in Panama. It's the first time the two nations' top leaders have sat down for substantive talks in more than 50 years. Obama says the meeting was "candid and fruitful" and could be a "turning point" But he says he hasn't yet decided whether to remove Cuba's designation as a state sponsor of terror.
The number of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean this year has increased by a factor of 30 compared to the same time last year. Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy. EU critics have called for tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey.
Edwin Sabuhoro worked as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park. He decided to help poachers make a living by turning them into farmers. He built a cultural village to capitalize on tourists' interest in the area. He is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across Africa.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups. The al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black. One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea, while the other group is shot in Southern Libya.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers. He was an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative. A new book of Haas' movie photography, "ErnSt Haas: On Set," is out now.
Record Store Day is Saturday, an annual celebration of your neighborhood record store. Corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to independent stores. Many stores will host live performances, drawings, book signings, special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings.
Mohamed Morsy is convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence. He is sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace. But he is acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. His party calls the trial a "travesty of justice"
In Neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. Obsidian -- a type of volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels.
There's ample evidence that Christians have been targeted by terrorist groups. The latest came Friday, when an Italian prosecutor revealed that a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican back in March 2010. Other deadly acts and alleged plots have been blamed on established terror groups, including these recent examples.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob in Kafr Hakim in August 2013. It was one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that August. Some blamed the church and other attacks on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood, which backed Mohamed Morsy.
Robert Bates, 73, is accused of fatally shooting Eric Harris in April. He says he meant to subdue Harris with a Taser, but mistakenly shot him with a gun. A judge granted Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation. That decision prompted a response from the family of the man Bates killed.
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus, but it's inching closer. Each of the Jesus shows drew big ratings, which means you'll likely be seeing more of Christ as you channel surf.
Police meet with a man who was in Walter Scott's car when he was pulled over. The passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, one officer wrote in a police report. The stress of the past week since Scott was fatally shot in the back is too much, the mayor says.
Fatu Kekula was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia. Her mother, father, sister and cousin came down with the deadly Ebola virus. A CNN story prompted donations from around the world to IAM, an organization that helps African natives pay for education.
The video shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and Scott. It's not clear whether Scott took the officer's Taser or whether the officer picked the object up and moved it closer to the body. Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder.
The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp. Dr. Nima Namgyal says he has seen 14 bodies so far. Many of those killed came from other countries, according to Namagyal. Two companies report the deaths of Americans on the mountain.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. The Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter, introducing new gowns in 2010. It's all part of a trend among hospitals to improve the patient reviews and their own bottom lines. But replacing the traditional design is no easy task.
Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college at a calculus-based physics study group. In 2014, Shelby was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer. In January, Shelby's cancer, which had retreated from her spine, suddenly appeared in her brain. Ben is now on chemotherapy, hoping it will force the cancer into remission.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on using focused laser beams to affect the weather. Laser is a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years. Laser seeding can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation.
Aaron Hernandez is found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. Lloyd's body was found in an industrial park in North Attleboro, Massachusetts, in June 2013. Hernandez also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide; he has pleaded not guilty.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Two other men -- identified as accomplices -- have pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis since attacking the group's towns last year. Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and Zoroastrianism.
U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits to ISIS have exploded. The flurry of arrests is a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations are finally being completed. But they also highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda, which has attracted fewer U.S.-based recruits.
At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them. Vandals broke and damaged storefront windows and trashed one 7-Eleven, police said. The numbers of protesters dissipated substantially just before sunset. Some people were still walking in the streets near Oriole Park at Camden Yards.
Jackson Gordon is an industrial design student at Philadelphia University. By day he is an alter ego: the Dark Knight himself, Batman. He has created a full suit of armor plating, cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife. The Batsuit has made appearances at conventions and proved a showstopper among his fellow students.
Mary Jane Veloso's mother: "I thought I had lost my daughter already" Indonesian President Joko Widodo says the decision was the result of the Indonesian government's desire to cooperate with the ongoing case in the Philippines. Veloso was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was discovered in the lining of her luggage.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. NEW: The charges include assault of a police officer, robbery, resisting police, disobedience to lawful orders, obstructing roadways, and interference. A smaller rally was held Tuesday in New York. On Tuesday, violent protests took place in Ferguson, Missouri, where three people were shot.
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker" Aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues. "A Promising Africa" is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five African nations.
Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha. Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq. Many among them see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists.
Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday. That could interrupt the Easter celebration for many in the predominantly Catholic nation.
L'Hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought in the War of Independence. In 1780, the original Hermione was assigned to a French nobleman, who fought as a general in George Washington's army. After the war, Lafayette returned to live in France.
Questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped operate on during a week in Nepal. Gupta helped doctors at Bir Hospital in Kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room. More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake.
The Red Cross opens a blood bank in Kathmandu. Google India launches a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are missing and those who have been found. The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the beating. The suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him. KNBC reports that the man appeared to be kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times.
Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster. Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with cargo planes. Several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away, or diverted to India and elsewhere.
Rishi Khanal, 27, suffered a crushed foot and was too weak to talk about his traumatic experience. Khanal's story of survival isn't the only one to emerge from the terrible destruction wrought by the quake. A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building at least 22 hours after the quake struck.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago. His use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset Turkey. The nation recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" after Francis' comments.
A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves, an Iraqi official says. The remains will be sent back to Baghdad for DNA tests to establish identify. ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher.
More than 100 people arrested during the fracas in Baltimore this week were released Wednesday. "We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says. President Barack Obama denounces the "violence, looting, destruction that we saw from a handful of individuals"
Cystic fibrosis patients shouldn't be near each other because they can share infections that could cripple their already fragile lungs. "I told Dalton I'd rather be happy -- like really, really happy -- for five years of my life and die sooner than be mediocre happy and live for twenty years"
Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, are accused of plotting attacks in the U.S. They were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks. The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism.
Officer Michael Slager is "terminated" from the North Charleston police force, mayor says. Slager, 33, is charged with first-degree murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott, 50. The video shows Scott running away from the officer, with his back to the officer.
Ella Jones and Wesley Bell win seats on Ferguson City Council. It's the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown in August. The former chief, Tommy Jackson, resigned after a scathing U.S. Department of Justice report found systemic discrimination against African-Americans.
UNRWA: "Never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk" Syria's state-run news agency reports up to 2,000 people have fled in the past two days. The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since December 2012.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria. So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported. The recall is voluntary and is not linked to any illnesses so far. The potential for contamination was discovered when a routine, random sample collected at a Michigan store on March 30 tested positive.
"He was outgoing -- loved everybody, (was) very known in the community," his brother says. At the time of his death, Walter Scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children. "He was not a dangerous person," a family lawyer says of Scott's legal history.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel. The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its very popular Angels line. The lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words "Perfect Body" over images of slender supermodels.
25-1 outsider Many Clouds wins the Grand National on Saturday. Jockey Leighton Aspell won last year's Grand National too. Owner Trevor Hemmings says it is his third Grand National win. AP McCoy's horse Shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by the betting public.
The Sewol ferry sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students. The divers stopped searching months ago because of the winter and water conditions. The process could take over a year and a half, and that it would cost the South Korean government anywhere from $91 million to $182 million.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years. Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian. In northeast Nigeria, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has been waging war against the government -- and the civilian population.
Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine says there was "no nexus to terrorism" in the incident. An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol and shot himself. The lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed.
Two people were shot in the neck and another in the leg, a city spokesman says. A suspect is in custody in the latter case. The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks. The renewed tensions in Ferguson follow rioting in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high. The film makes it appear as if another plane -- a C-17 Globemaster III -- drops the cars. On Tuesday, exactly 60 years later, Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal christened a brand new Super Hercules.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she? Zelizer says calling Clinton by her first name reinforces gender stereotypes. He says it's important for the American public to be able to imagine electing a leader not despite the fact that she's a woman.
"Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen. The film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, Daryl Mitchell and Enrico Colantoni. Paramount Television specifically has turned several of the studio's hit films into TV series.
Nicholas Slatten is sentenced to life in prison. Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard are sentenced to 30 years each, plus one day. The four were among seven Blackwater employees who opened fire in the Nusoor Square traffic circle in Baghdad, killing 17 people.
A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison. The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family. The release of video from one of the officer's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month.
The Red Cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn Yemen. The U.N. Security Council meets to discuss the situation in the Arabian Peninsula nation. Shiite rebels are pitted against Arab air forces and fighters loyal to Yemen's displaced Sunni president. The United Nations said Thursday that at least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks.
Some 2,500 people have been evacuated from Yemen's capital, Sanaa. The Houthi rebels control Sanaa, including the airport. The Saudi air force gave Air India a four-hour window to go to and from Sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing.
At least 147 people were killed at Garissa University College, many of them students. Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies. The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers remained where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
NASA chief scientist: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade" "We are not talking about little green men," Ellen Stofan says. Former astronaut John Grunsfeld says it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system.
The New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. Opened to the public in 2005 in Dongguan in the south of the country, the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day. But despite the grand plans neither stores nor shoppers came. The mall spans five million square feet of shopping area.
ISIS fighters seize several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi. The northern Ramadi districts of Albu Faraj, Albu Essa and Albu Risha were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done. Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months.
April marks a decade on death row for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot. The members of the Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police. The seven others who took part in the operation are serving lengthy prison sentences.
Brynn Duncan has mast cell syndrome, meaning her mast cells act strangely. Scientists don't know yet what causes mast cell disease. Researchers have found mutations in mast cells that may cause the abnormal behavior. But genetics may make some children more susceptible to developing the mutations.
UNICEF releases a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods" It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood. Kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, UNICEF says. At least 196 teachers and 314 schoolchildren were killed in 2014.
The Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday. A bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded. The NYPD bomb squad examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty. All civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on Liberty Island.
Caitlin McGuire and Brian Rogers own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club in Colorado. When Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana, they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity. The pair's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "High Profits"
U.S. military trainers bouncing between multi-million dollar, high security bases, on Black Hawks. The facility was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms, ammunition, even fuel for vehicles. The project has been handed between rotations of U.S., officers and is perhaps a little distant from its first conception.
Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country. Protesters are lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support.
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi arrives in Tikrit to claim the victory. Officials fear Shiite militiamen might take "scorched earth" reprisals against the Sunni population. ISIS' nine-month dominion over Tikrit was marked by brutality.
Patrick Cherry is an NYPD detective assigned to the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force. He faces suspension, reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral. The altercation began Monday when the Uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without it.
A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House. The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese, who view nuclear energy as too dangerous.
UltraHaptics creates tactile three-dimensional shapes literally out of thin air, using ultrasound. Through an emission of sound waves, sensations are projected through the air and to the user. Creating buttons and shapes literally anywhere they're needed opens up a slew of possibilities for more traditional devices.
Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage at CNN's Washington bureau. She says she's never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. Bernardini: "I have been looking for a form of meditation in my hectic life" She'll start on Easter Sunday and chronicle her journey for Belief.
Google rolls out the Pac-Man game Tuesday. It's easy to play: Simply pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser. Twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities, playing Pac- man in Manhattan, on the University of Illinois quad, in central London, among many locations.
Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope. The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA. "It doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," Santorum said.
China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from. It even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches. Some analysts believe that Xi is using the state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality.
Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger. Should he act any differently when he's on trial for murder? Jury deliberations resume Wednesday. Watch "Downward Spiral: Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez" tonight at 9 p.m. ET on CNN.com/ HLN.
Joni Mitchell was found unconscious in her home Tuesday afternoon. She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital. "She is currently in intensive care undergoing tests and is awake and in good spirits," her website says. Mitchell's best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me" and "Free Man in Paris"
Nearly 60% of the people in America's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time. Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules, authors say. "Just-in-time" scheduling creates unstable and stressful work environments, they say.
Mourners read names of some of the victims as candles flickered in the dark. The attack at a university in Garissa on Thursday killed 147 people, mostly students. Some students remain unaccounted for, and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues.
Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran. He has sharpened his rhetoric in recent days, saying the deal increases the risk of a "horrific war" Netanyahu has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran's nuclear infrastructure.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman says cleaning staff discovered the deceased passengers after knocking on the cabin's door.
Kenya's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over. But the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured, has them debating them with renewed vigor. Many Kenyans had believed that security improved enough since Al-Shabaab held Nairobi's Westgate Mall under siege in 2013.
The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May. The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest. The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South, including Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Georgia.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and Plains. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South, including Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Georgia.
"We can cooperate with the world," Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says. He thanks Iranians for their patience and for "resisting" by standing up for the country's rights. Rouhani says he thinks most now realize that Iran "is pursuing peaceful objectives" Still, while it will be shrunken and centralized, Iran's nuclear program won't go away.
Tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare is teaching local girls how to code. Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18 in Nima, Ghana. The group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future. In each class, around 50 girls are taught HTML and run a blog called "Slum Voices"
CNN goes to "unofficial" displaced camp in Yola, Nigeria, to find children to "foster" The camp is one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of Yola as the influx of people fleeing Boko Haram has grown. The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country.
Cynthia Cheroitich hid in her room for two days after the attack. "I was scared so much," she tells CNN. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta declares three days of national mourning. Police parade the bodies of the men they say carried out the attack in Garissa.
Alan Dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January. A Florida judge denied a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew and a prominent U.S. lawyer.
The deadline to agree on the parameters for an endgame pact on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone. The good news is that the sides are still talking. The key is getting the United States and Iran on the same page, something that's hard given the decades of contempt and distrust.
Experts call for enhanced crash avoidance software that could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot. The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles. If a pilot is incapacitated or ignores audible warnings, the plane's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler went down in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties. Of the 132 people on board, 78 were Russians. The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital. Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist" The New York Times dubbed him the "Che Guevara of advertising" "Weird Al" Yankovic called him a major influence on his career.
Gov. Mike Pence said on Tuesday that the state will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA. The easy way to fix Indiana's RFRA is to add one small amendment, one easy line codifying that discrimination against the LGBT community is harmful. Promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. It is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003. Overseas, the movie is also poised to do massive business, putting its global debut north of $250 million.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents when Smith fell and hit his head. Smith never recovered. When it was time for his 6-month pictures, Sharry had a special request. "I just got to thinking, we don't have a picture with Lane in it," she said.
Indiana's new religious freedom law has sparked controversy. Critics say it is an invitation for businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. Supporters say the law is basically a copy of a federal law that is already in the books at the federal level and 19 other states. Here are five things you might not have considered when thinking about this controversy.
The life-size bronze statue in Celoron, New York, has been likened to Conway Twitty, the snake from "Beetlejuice" and actor Steve Buscemi. A resident of Jamestown, where Ball grew up, started the Facebook page in 2012 "We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue"
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes. Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa. It is also one of Africa's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States.
Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs and blasted music from stereos. The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers. The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment. Three previously arrested men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. Those three have pleaded not guilty. The indictment and a criminal complaint filed last month say Juraboev and Saidakhmetov planned to join ISIS.
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time. The event is the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad" People from the U.S. West Coast to Australia caught the total eclipse.
Tuesday's power outage triggered a burst of wild conspiracy theories across social media. There is fertile ground for rumor-mongering in Turkey. Heavy-handed censorship has left the mainstream media widely distrusted. And the absence of a common, credible space for sharing information has pushed critics of the government to the fringes of the social media fringes.
McDonald's announced it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees. The move is a victory for fast-food workers and those of us who support them. But the announcement only affects 10% of the McDonald's restaurants in the U.S. That means hundreds of thousands of workers serving Big Macs and fries won't see a dollar more.
Gov. Jerry Brown imposes mandatory water restrictions for the first time. He orders cities and towns in the drought-ravaged state to reduce usage by 25%. The reduction in water use does not apply to the agriculture industry, except for the requirement that it report more information on its groundwater use.
UK voters go to the polls on Thursday in an election that could change the political landscape. Queen Elizabeth II is officially Britain's head of state, but she's only nominally in charge. The election could result in the handing of power from David Cameron's Conservative government to the Labour Party.
This Easter we reflect upon the words of a Christian who was himself beheaded for his faith alone. Rarely since the first century has the church in the East faced persecution on this scale. This Easter, let us earnestly pray with all the love of Christ for all those in harm's way.
The emails were discovered during a U.S. Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system. One email showed Ronald Reagan feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy "Bedtime for Bonzo" Another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women, apparently in Africa, with the caption "Michelle Obama's High School Reunion!"
Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia. At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports. Australia's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation revealing the illegal use of live bait in training dogs.
Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business, Memories Gourmet Pizza Co. The two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas in stores across Nichols, Wisconsin. But this week, people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana. People posted angry comments and called its phone number to protest.
The remains were uncovered by archaeologists in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007. Ottoman troops had besieged the area around the city in 1683 as they tried to reach Vienna. The Ottoman Army had a "camelry," using camels for transportation and to ride.
Andrew Getty, 47, was found on his side near a bathroom in his home, KTLA reports. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators, police say. Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against a woman.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing everyone on board. The case raises larger and important issues about people with mental illness, authors say. We need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing, they say.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested Friday night in Chicago. He was wanted in the escape of a correctional officer in Kankakee County, Illinois. A tattoo on his neck -- Gertrude -- gave authorities away, a sheriff says. The sheriff says Taylor will likely face an attempted murder charge when he returns to jail.
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on Monday for a four-week stint with the armed forces. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career. The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana, Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK. The FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed.
The P5+1 reached a framework agreement with Iran over the country's nuclear program. The parties have until the end to June to work out the details and put the plan to paper. But the talks this week were, nevertheless, historic, particularly for the otherwise frozen U.S.-Iranian relationship.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis, the police chief of Puntland said. The bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office. The bomber also died in the attack, according to authorities.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra. He will spend four weeks with the country's military. The prince has already served with Australian troops on a number of occasions. He announced last month that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough"
Australia has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran. The deal is with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. Australia is part of the U.S.-led coalition that's carrying out airstrikes against ISIS. During the fight against the Sunni extremist group, the coalition has found its interests aligned with those of Iran.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams. The French air accident investigation agency says its teams have begun to investigate its contents. A German official says Andreas Lubitz's actions amount to "premeditated murder" German prosecutors say a tablet found at his apartment shows he researched suicide methods.
Crew of alleged poaching vessel are rescued by conservationists pursuing them. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder for months. The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea, off the coast of west Africa. The Thunder was subject of an Interpol "purple notice" for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes.
Blended learning blends Internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting. One-third of the school's 2,700 students are enrolled in the program. In 2015, the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students. Since blended learning was implemented, Huntley High's average composite ACT score has gone up.
Kenya launched airstrikes against Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says. The strikes are not retribution for last week's massacre at Garissa University College, he says. A police source says Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked.
Pope Francis spoke at the end of Easter Mass. He asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need. He also asked for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there. He ended the address consoling the marginalized, the poor, the sick and the suffering.
Rope noose found near a student center at 2 a.m. Photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community. Duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose to call campus police. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad. "This is news for celebration," CNN counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd says. If convicted, Farekh faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.
Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden. A border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state-run media reports. U.S. Navy warships are patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region.
Camel racing is an ancient tradition in the region. The camels race for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy cars for their owners. Compared to the grace of thoroughbred racehorses, camels are indeed ungainly creatures. But 20 of these huge beasts pounding around a track in the desert is a sight to behold.
Charlie Hill has lived in Cuba for 43 years. He is accused of killing a New Mexico police officer and hijacking a plane. Hill says he may return to the U.S. because of warming relations with Cuba. Hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call. The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Misao Okawa was born on March 5, 1898 in Osaka, Japan. She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren. According to Guiness World Records, the oldest person ever was Jeanne Louise Calment, who died at age 122 in 1997.
Missouri National Guard used highly militarized words to refer to protesters, documents show. The guard came to Ferguson to support law enforcement officers, whom many accused of using excessive force. "It's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing American citizens somehow as the enemy," a St. Louis alderman said.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack, a spokesman says. The attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the building. Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside, witnesses say. Four Somali soldiers and eight civilians were killed, a Somali official says.
Gregory Margolin was a sniper in the Soviet Red Army during World War II. His family fled the war and settled in Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine. He found himself in the middle of a war once again, this time in Ukraine. "A missile fell and the house was destroyed. We were attacked," Margolin says.
A year ago, more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. In the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere," says Martin Luther King.
Norway is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. The move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million. On FM, Norwegians can only find five stations. On Digital Audio Broadcasting network, there are four times that number.
A new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera. O.C. Marsh first named the dinosaur, "Brontosaurus," or "thunder lizard," in 1879. Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led the study.
Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. "My flight is not a secret," the post says. "There's no need to worry --  I'm just delivering the mail," Hughes wrote in his post. Hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for Thursday.
scores of dead fish have appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon in Rio de Janeiro. The city is preparing to host the 2016 Olympics. Officials believe the recent rains caused a temperature change of the water and the excess of decaying organic matter, which would have led to a black of oxygen.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row. He was convicted of killing two men, but he always said he was innocent. "I have to pinch myself to tell myself that I'm free," Hinton says. "It's going to take a little time, but I'll get used to it"
David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Ed Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs. Miliband has been given a hard time by the British media who have gloated over his difficulties in eating a bacon sandwich. If there was a "winner" in the debate it was Nicola Sturgeon.
A New York judge says Facebook is an acceptable way for a woman to serve her husband with a divorce summons. Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says. In his decision, Justice Matthew Cooper said the "advent and ascendency of social media" means sites like Facebook and Twitter are the "next frontier"
Italian physician Dr. Sergio Canavero says we are approaching HEAVEN. He hopes to get the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017. He says he has a stack of emails and letters from people who want this procedure.
Anthony Stokes was rejected for a heart transplant in 2013. A week after his story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart. On Tuesday, Stokes carjacked someone, kicked in the door of a home and fired a shot at an elderly woman, police say.
Kenya's interior minister says four terrorists were killed and the operation ended "successfully" Hundreds of students managed to escape Garissa University College, a CNN affiliate reports. Al-Shabaab, the Somalia-based terror group that's claimed responsibility for the attack, has made bloody incursions into Kenya.
Freddie Gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department. Hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of Baltimore on Saturday against the alleged police role in Gray's death.
A decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe. "The Meatrix," a 2003 animation parody based on "The Matrix," crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming. Factory farms often avoid penalties for the damage they cause to the environment and public health.
Anesthesiologist Dan Swangard wants to be able to control when and how his life ends. He joined a California lawsuit seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain patients who want to hasten death. The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in California and around the nation.
Special forces are on the ground in noncombat roles, a Saudi source says. Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of Aden. The United Nations says 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks.
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair. She is also charged with the murder of her then 9- year-old son, Stephen Gage Berry. The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction.
World heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base. The 39-year-old is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion. He is seeking an impressive 18th consecutive title defense against American Bryant Jennings on April 25.
Michael Keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" Fans also delighted in a cameo from "Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus. Overall, Keaton's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics for its "deadpan" manner.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February. On Wednesday, he attacked a correctional officer outside his cell, authorities say. He then got into the officer's car and drove away. A $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest.
Surveillance video appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the Yemen Deli and Grocery store in Brooklyn last Friday. The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes. Cyrus, who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau, could not be reached for comment.
Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. was robbed over the Easter weekend, police say. About 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary, they say. Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade. Many of those who rent boxes at the company are reportedly in the jewelry trade.
April 27 marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994. Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment. The national and international headlines use "xenophobia" as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq. Like the war, Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's era. The standoff with the West has stretched longer than the war.
The world economy has expanded at least 100-fold since industrial capitalism first found its footing in Britain around 1800. The idea of sustainable development is that an economy must satisfy all three principles: economic growth, social fairness and environmental sustainability. Sustainable development is a doctrine that says: Let us once again place the economy on a true moral foundation and we'll keep greed within bounds.
U.S. has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation. But as global threats increase, the U.S.'s need for assured space access accelerates, authors say. Authors: We are far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations.
Nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria in April 2014. Malala Yousafzai released an "open letter" to the girls Monday. "Like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes in the letter.
Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants. The United Nations says the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25%, according to government figures."This intervention is not an indictment on the police.... We are coming in because they need that support," defense minister says.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media and a Twitter account believed to be associated with the organization. Iranian officials have reportedly asked Pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants.
TripAdvisor names Providenciales as the world's top island. Ambergris Caye had held the top ranking for two years in a row. Ko Tao, Thailand, gained five spots this year, moving up from No. 10 last year. Here are the top 10 U.S. islands:
"Star Wars: Rogue One" will take place in between "Episode III" and "Episode IV: A New Hope" Felicity Jones will play a rebel soldier in the film. The movie won't begin shooting until this summer so the footage shown in the teaser won't necessarily appear in the finished product.
Iran and six world powers agree to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action" It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions. The stakes are high and the choice is clear for President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration.
Ella Jones and Wesley Bell are elected to the Ferguson City Council. That means three of the six council members are black. This was the first city election since white police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown last August. There's widespread feeling, especially in the African-American community, that if the turnout is low, then all the protests, the investigations, the calls for change will be in vain.
Police say a 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop in Jerusalem. One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital. The driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the General Security Services.
The 750-piece collection fetched a total of $3.64 million at Bonhams auction house in New York on March 31. Bacall, who died in August 2014 at the age of 89, first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "To Have And Have Not"
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament with ties to ousted President Viktor Yanukovych, was shot and killed Wednesday. A day later, journalist Oles Buzyna was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus. The killings renewed speculation about a conspiracy to kill people close to Yanukovych.
The new law will take effect in six months. It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman. The law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples. It also gives the couples greater rights in the realms of property, health care and pensions.
A century ago, some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp. The Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes, ditches and pipes. A watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million, and another 50 million tourists each year.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012. An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk.
"Great Cannon" blasts targeted Web servers with massive distributed denial of service attacks. It uses the Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to do it. Going on the attack so visibly and handily within another country's borders will probably draw international ire. Researchers fear this new cyberweapon could easily be used for an array of powerful attacks.
Investigators have not found any writings or conversations where Lubitz shared his motives or confessed to any plans. Medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy. Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, a German aviation source says.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," says Houthi leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi. Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri says airstrikes have decimated the Houthis' central command. Since mid-March, more than 700 people have been killed in violence, WHO says.
20 years ago, Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. The attack killed 168 men, women and children, injured hundreds more, and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in U.S. history. The public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right.
Charles Alasholuyi posts a daily photo of himself holding a sign with the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag. He says he does this to give the families of the girls a voice. The marketing professional and father-of-three has met local leaders to highlight the need for girls to get an education.
Ruben Navarrette: Retired Rep. Barney Frank said, "We're winning" on LGBT rights. He says a ballot proposal in California that would legalize killing gay people is a sign of things to come. A Texas judge blocked a federal rule that would have granted married, same-sex couples access to the Family and Medical Leave Act.
The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility. The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region. It wants to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state, according to the Council on Foreign Relations. It has recruited some Americans, particularly from the Somali-American community in Minnesota.
University of Cape Town students took to social media to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down. #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March. "This isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," says Steve Hofmeyr.
Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says. A year earlier, SOHR's tally stood at 162,402. And the year before, the United Nations put the death toll at 70,000.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing. The Tsarnaev family first immigrated to the Boston area back in 2002. The parents, fleeing a troubled region of Russia, were treated as legal residents and granted asylum.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza. The owner of the door, Rabea Darduna, filed a complaint with a Gaza court. He says he sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children.
Airstrikes have destroyed air defense systems of the Houthis and supporters of Yemen's longtime President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Airstrikes that hit the Al-Mazraq camp for displaced persons near Sanaa killed at least 29 people, aid group Doctors Without Borders says. The International Red Cross said that intense fighting had brought "disturbing reports of civilian casualties"
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals for the Dutch. Vicente del Bosque fielded an experimental side with Andres Iniesta starting on the bench. Iniesta was booed by the home fans after his arrival in the 76th minute.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation. Fans twice invaded the field of play during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi on Sunday. UEFA's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will decide the case on May 21. Scotland will discover if September's Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia will be played behind closed doors.
The new guidelines have come in after FIFA effectively washed their hands of governing agents. FIFA recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of 'impeccable character' All deals annually published online, agents' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under the age of 18.
Maksims Uvarenko joined CSKA Sofia on an 18-month contract in January. The Latvian goalkeeper has not been paid for three months. CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home. Found himself bumper-to-bumper with Rafal Cegielka, 45, in Burnley, Lancashire. Pair had both wound down their car windows to exchange words outside school. Moore then jumped out of his car and punched Mr CEGielka through his open window. He then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle with it as he tried to drive off. Finally, he armed himself with the hockey stick from his home, and shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals for the Dutch. Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team. But Gerard Pique insists the national team's state of health is good.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia. But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe.
Firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday. Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. Police are treating the fire as suspicious and have appealed for witnesses as they investigate what was used to start it.
London Ambulance Service said at the peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour. The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered. Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight. 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form. But the Belgian quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. The 27-year-old has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. The National Weather Service apparently received 170 reports of hail on Tuesday, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter.
The crew of the Liana's Ransom were forced to abandon ship after their vessel lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine. The tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on Monday, and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast. Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Gloucester, Massachusetts, to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break. The crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner, according to a press release from the Coast Guard.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over enclosure fence at Kamla Nehru Zoological Park. He ran towards the animals, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' Fortunately, Mr Kumar fell into a moat before reaching the animals. He has been cautioned and sent for psychiatric evaluation.
A 12-year-old boy fell out of a five-storey window in Nanchang, China. The boy landed on a car parked underneath the building. According to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking. Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries.
Drew Miller was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face. The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. Luis played in Brazils friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break, but attentions now turn to the Premier League title run-in.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion last month. He ran on to the pitch during Reading's FA Cup quarter-final win over Bradford. Sumner did four front flips on the pitch before being tackled by stewards. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle when it toppled on to one side at high speed. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans. The video shows the moment the packed vehicle starts to swerve from side-to-side on what appears to be a dual carriageway.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions. They defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. The tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time. Scotland have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France. Group A contains hosts Bulgaria, Croatia, Spain and Austria.
The elephant was relaxing by a pool of water in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family. When a buffalo bull wandered too close, the elephant tried to squirt it with cold water to get it to leave. But the bull was unperturbed and carried on drinking from the pool.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing Premier League games illegally. He showed games in Stoke Inn, Plymouth, without agreement with broadcasters. Mr Thorpe launched an appeal against his conviction soon after his trial. But case was delayed by a similar test case which went as far as the European Court of Justice. Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction following a landmark European court ruling.
Northern Ireland beat Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying on Sunday. The next qualifier for Michael O'Neill's side is against pool leaders Romania on June 13. Windsor Park is currently undergoing major redevelopment and only the West and North stands, which hold around 4,000 and 6,000 spectators respectively, currently remain.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Hina Shamim, 21, was killed in crash close to University of Kingston. She was knocked down and pinned against a wall as she walked to library. BMW driver, 34, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Six others, including five children, taken to hospital with minor injuries. Miss Shamim was due to celebrate her 22nd birthday next week. Friends have paid tribute to the talented student at the scene of crash.
A mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic. The Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium. Scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old's ambitions.
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand. In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper. Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions. He said the driver would be disciplined, but would not go into detail.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4. The New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break. Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March.
Brittany Huber, 23, and John Redman, 25, were driving from Georgia to her hometown of Mobile, Alabama, when he lost control of his Lexus in a rainstorm. The car blew a tire, hydroplaned and smashed into a bridge column on Interstate 85 in Merriweather County, Georgia, killing the bride on impact. Redman survived, but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home, confined to a wheelchair. But against overwhelming odds, Redman recovered and on March 24 he helped lead
Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture his best form in two years. The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November until a groin problem in February's Merseyside derby saw him miss 10 games. Lucas's return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune moment, with captain Steven Gerrard suspended for three matches.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft. The white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses. No one was injured during the robbery and police are 'confident' the public will identify the suspect.
Court of Arbitration for Sport has lifted Morocco's ban from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million by the CAF. The CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation, after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium. Tom Boyd believes Denayer could challenge for a place at City next season. Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson. Boyd insists a treble for Celtic this season will equal his own.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. The 23-year-old says naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy. Townsend has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday. Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for ¬45million (£32.8m) The deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal.
Antonio Conte took over as Italy boss in August after Cesare Prandelli's World Cup group-stage exit last summer. Conte guided Juventus to three Serie A titles during his time as manager. The former Juventus boss was back at Juventus Stadium for Tuesday night's friendly with England. Graziano Pelle's first-half strike looked like being enough to earn Italy victory, but Andros Townsend's long-range effort 11 minutes from time secured England a share of the spoils.
Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in. Rangers and Hibs are level on points but Hibs have played a game less. The team finishing second face a potential four games to get back into the top flight, while the third team have a potential six.
Simon Mignolet has returned from international duty with Belgium. The Liverpool goalkeeper posted pictures of himself in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to England. The 27-year-old had been with the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifying games against Cyprus and Israel. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Chyknell Hall Estate is set in 200 acres of land near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, and boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and cricket green. Its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Regency manor house, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. It is thought the Regency home could now attract A-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy. The estate, described as the 'pinnicle of the residential tree', offers 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of adjoining sporting rights.
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams. The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus. The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of them. The school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted.
Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis. The former Hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of February. Locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park.
Borussia Dortmund host Bayern Munich in Der Klassiker on Saturday. The two giants of German football meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings. Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport. She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. Teenager offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head. The blow was so hard there was an 'audible crack' before he fell down dead. Robson had been drinking at the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, after his grandfather's funeral when fighting broke out. Mr Potts had been trying to calm the situation down when he was killed. Judge Paul Sloan QC jailed Robson for three-and-a-half years.
Ellen White scored against her former club Arsenal in the Women's Super League. Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood appeared to mess things up at the free kick. As the Arsenal defence relaxed, the ball was shifted for White, who smashed it into the corner against the club where she spent three seasons. White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0.
Girls aged between 16 and 18 are being taught how to use a knife by a former special forces solider. The school has purchased 250 of the knives, which have a retractable blade and according to officials are entirely safe. Every female student at the school will undergo some form of self-defence training.
The Sleep Health Foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine. Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person. If choosing to break up your eight hours of sleep, napping throughout the day is the answer.
The clip, uploaded to Facebook today, show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. The men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. After a second tussle, she appears to be struck in the forehead, with blood visibly pouring down her face.
Jose Luis Gaya is a target for Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea. The 19-year-old left back has a £13.5m buy-out clause at Valencia. Gaya has represented Spain at every level since under-16s. He flies forward very much in the style of Jordi Alba and Juan Bernat.
Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. Police say the two 17-year-old boys were crossing Center Street when Edward West, 59, yelled for them to get out of the road. The boys yelled back and West pulled in to a nearby parking lot to confront them. The three argued with West pushing the boys and eventually slapping one. West retrieved the small, black handgun from his truck and pointed it at the boys. The mystery rider saw the altercation and intervened just in the nick of time before
Ron Vlaar returns from injury for Aston Villa against Manchester United. Tim Sherwood has urged the Dutch centre-back to prove his worth. The 30-year-old played under Louis van Gaal at the World Cup in Brazil. He missed a penalty in the last four shoot-out against Argentina. Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover. Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer. Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th following late defeat by Swansea in their last match before the international break. They face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford before Queens Park Rangers visit on Tuesday.
Jason Denayer has impressed while on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. City boss Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent this summer. Denayer would obviously fit the bill. Celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old defender.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's match with Burnley a couple of weeks ago. The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will certainly be out for several months. Manager Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer. Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season.
Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson scored for Birmingham City. Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham United. Rob Kiernan went down in the box for a penalty on the hour mark. But referee Dean Whitestone waved away appeals for a spot-kick.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic but wasn't rewarded with a call-up to the Holland national team. The defender believes the standard of Scottish football makes no difference to Holland's standard. Van Dijk says he was happy for team-mate Jason Denayer,  who made his debut for Belgium against Israel.
Celtic face Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. The match will take place at Hampden Park on April 18. Tickets for the match have been set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market (AIM) after being unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) to meet regulations. Trading in Rangers shares was suspended when previous Nomad, WH Ireland, resigned just two days before the March 6 EGM that ousted the old board and handed control to King and his allies. Murray insists the new boards plans for the future will be unaffected and that planned investments will still take place.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly in Turin on Tuesday night. Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for the Azzurri in the first half. Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side in the second half. Wayne Rooney said he and the rest of the England players were upset by their first half performance.
Dundee United have hit back at criticism from supporters' groups. Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties. The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club. The Tannadice club responded by defending their record.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday. Locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February. The 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman Jim Mann since he replaced Johnston. Locke will turn his attention to the futures of nine first team players.
Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China. The country's biggest basketball star so far has been Shanghai-born Yao Ming, who played for NBA's Houston Rockets from 2002 to 2011.
David Alaba was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina on Tuesday. The 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month. Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals later this month.
Dane Tilse has signed for Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal. The 30-year-old will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese. Tilse comes in after the sudden retirement of Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey's departure.
Livingston face Alloa in the Petrofac Cup final on Sunday. Darren Cole was left heartbroken following the death of his cousin. Shaun Cole was found dead in a Miami street last weekend. The 22-year-old is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit to Liverpool nine years ago. Reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance. But Smith, who made his comeback for United seven months later, insists that was not the case.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is a summer transfer target for Celtic. The defender is out of contract at the end of the season but Hearts are in no rush to sell. Celtic are battling to keep hold of Virgil van Dijk and Jason Denayer. PSV winger Zakaria Bakkali is another target for the SPL champions.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying. Ronny Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season. Celtic have played in the United States, Austria, Germany and Australia. Deila has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down commitments.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben's contracts run out in 2017. The pair have endured injuries worries of late. De Bruyne, 23, has 16 assists and nine goals for Wolfsburg this season. But Bayern's RiberY says he is the wrong type of player for Bayern.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State University, was arrested on domestic violence charges March 7. His girlfriend of 18 months, Kelsi Langley, claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car. Following his arrest, Durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion. Less than two weeks after the incident, Langley walked back her previous statements in interviews with reporters, and on Tuesday afternoon she held a press conference that she claims set the record straight.
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around' In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
Eden Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel in Jerusalem on Tuesday night. The 24-year-old playmaker has played 48 games this season for club and country, missing just five matches for Chelsea and being an ever-present in their Barclays Premier League title charge. Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired.
Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the Northern Territory. It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north. The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, which is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia.
Clarke Carlisle says he has split from wife of 14 years, Gemma. Former Premier League defender said he had'moved out of marital home' Mr Carlisle tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. The 35-year-old stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64 near York. He suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered knee.
Andros Townsend came off the bench to score England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Merson said in his Sky Sports column: 'If Andros Townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody'
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday. The Chelsea midfielder struggled to make an impact in midfield. The 27-year-old has had a poor run of form in the second half of the season. He was on course to break Thierry Henry's Premier League assists record. But he has just four in 15 appearances for club and country in 2015.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands. A 26-year-old man and a 23- year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held.
Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to designer clothes and shoes. Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves. Swansea shoppers are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid. The most cautious spenders live in Wolverhampton, where only 19 per cent choose to treat themselves.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12. Arsene Wenger has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Amoury Bischoff, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos, Denilson, Manuel Almunia and Johan Djourou. There are more but thats what a brief search elicits.
Charlie Austin says Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at QPR. Barton then invited the striker and his wife-to-be out to dinner. The pair have since become good friends. Austin says QPR can't afford to lose their next two games. They take on West Brom on Saturday and Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius. He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining. Massimiliano Allegri replaced Antonio Conte as manager last summer. If Juve win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club. Roma, who are just one point clear of Lazio, host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli.
Bradley Johnson scored the winner in the 62nd minute at the Amex Stadium. Norwich striker Cameron Jerome had earlier been brought down by Gordon Greer. The Canaries have now won 11 of their last 16 games in the Championship. Brighton are now 16th in the table and out of the play-off race.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter. In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke is at the centre of a homophobic accusation after posting an offensive comment on social media. The 27-year-old had made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on Saturday in a bid to track down the young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked. The rugby league player had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the Easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident. But the good Samaritan is now under investigation by the NRL integrity unit over an alleged homophobic slur.
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. The video has already garnered hundreds of thousands of view on social media since being uploaded on Friday. Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Kane scored on his full England debut against Lithuania last Friday. Pochettinos played alongside Batistutas with Argentina in 2002 World Cup. Kane is within two goals of the 30-goal barrier for the season.
Michael McIndoe was declared bankrupt in October last year with £2.4m debts. He lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a 20 per cent return. But the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger is now being chased through the courts by creditors. The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was now surviving on the generosity of 'good friends and family'
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona's interest in Paul Pogba. The Czech star insisted the French star won't be moving anywhere. But he also admitted he was pleased Juve didn't draw the Catalan side in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Nedved believes Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night. Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance. Oliver was previously convicted of sexual abuse of a minor and rape, according to the Maine Sex Offender Registry.
Fiorentina goalkeeper Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs, according to his agent Stefano Castagna. Liverpool were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season when Simon Mignolet was dropped from the side. A January move for Neto never materialised but the former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. Police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light (Sunday 4pm) Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up after serving a two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season. Wes Brown is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a knee problem. Will Buckley (knee) and Emanuele Giaccherini (ankle) are still out. Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season after undergoing knee surgery.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam at the 2015 Masters. The World No 1 has released a video chronicling his life-long journey. The video features an interview with the Northern Irishman as a youngster. He also talks about his low point at the WGC Cadillac Championship.
Sergio Garcia is aiming to win his first PGA Tour title since 2012. The Spaniard finished third at the Masters last year but missed the cut. Garcia and Jordan Spieth are the only players in the world's top 10 left in the field after the withdrawals of Henrik Stenson and Jimmy Walker.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord. But the team was actually getting its property for free. Hughes, 31, spent the money on himself, including camping equipment and a stag holiday to Las Vegas.
Johnny Sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with Racing Metro this season. The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France. Sexton has helped French side reach the knock-out stages of Europes elite event for first time.
Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday. Kamal accused India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. The ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst, otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain.
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season, including grabbing Crystal Palace's James McArthur by the throat. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man' The pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Sunderland face Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. The Black Cats have won the last four meetings with the Magpies. John O'Shea has challenged his side to keep their fate in their own hands. CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news.
Stoke have lost all eight of their trips to Stamford Bridge since 2008. Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at the home of football. The Potters face Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday at 5.30pm. Hughes' side have won at Manchester City and Tottenham so far this season.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. 10 of those were decisive in changing games in the Magpies favour. Six of Cisses strikes have been against sides in the bottom half. Newcastle have a points-to-games ratio of 1.37 when the striker plays but just 0.9 when he doesnt.
Lee Cattermole has missed Sunderland's last two games through suspension. The midfielder was unavailable for Dick Advocaat's first game in charge. But the Black Cats boss has confirmed he will definitely start against Newcastle. Sunderland are just a point clear of the relegation zone with eight games to play.
UEFA confirmed their cash cycle for the next three years of European competition. The last time Celtic reached the Champions League group stage, in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona, they won one match and earned £12.6m. The same performance  or better  next season would see that sum rise by £4m. If they reach the last 16, the figures crash through the £20m barrier.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday. Ben Davies and Sam Vokes were both part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie on Saturday. Spurs have won just one of their last four Premier League games.
Steve Thompson has been suspended by Leeds United until the end of the season. Manager Neil Redfearn is considering his future at Elland Road. Leeds are 13th in the Championship table but were unbeaten in March and take on Blackburn Rovers on Saturday. The Whites are also under pressure not to select top scorer Mirco Antenucci.
John Carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his Newcastle players ahead of Sundays Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals. Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss and will want to keep Sunderland's record going.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's methods are superior to Ally McCoist's and Kenny McDowall's. The Ibrox winger has praised the impact the former Motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month. Templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo after recovering from a foot injury. Celta forward Nolito has urged Messi to spend the day on the beach. Messi was forced to sit out both of Argentina's friendlies during the international break due to the injury. Barcelona are four points clear at the top of La Liga.
Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership. Owner Ann Budge has set Neilson and his players the target of a top-six finish in the top flight next season. Celtic have placed former Rangers defender Danny Wilson on a list of potential summer recruits. Neilson admitted external interest in his promoted players is inevitable. The Tynecastle coach says departures will only happen if the price is right.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-per-week at Liverpool. West Ham boss Sam Allardyce feels Sterling's team-mates will demand more. Big Sam feels there are so few talented youngsters emerging that clubs are willing to pay extraordinary wages to sign any available.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The former Austria Under-21 international had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011. The Tangerines are preparing for life in League One next season.
Tony Pulis said West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons. The Baggies finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season. Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market, with Neil Taylor and Bakary Sako two players on Pulis' shopping list.
Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season. The winger's contract is set to run out next summer. Arsenal are interested in Liverpool's Raheem Sterling. Ian Wright would be'sad' to see Walcott leave north London. He believes Arsene Wenger should have played Walcott as a striker.
Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England. Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summers England World Cup party. But England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old. Martinez believes his two substitute appearances for England against Lithuania and Italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on.
Sean O'Driscoll's team had to beat France to advance to the finals in Greece. Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command in Saint-Lo. A late response from Fulham's Patrick Roberts wasn't enough to rescue the Young Lions.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in each of Newcastle's last three games. The 31-year-old Argentinian has returned from testicular cancer. Gutierrez has finished on the losing side on each of his last three appearances. Newcastle have lost their last four Premier League games against Sunderland.
South Sydney Rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the Canterbury Bulldogs in an absorbing encounter at ANZ Stadium in Sydney on Friday night. Fans turned on referee Gerard Sutton and his colleagues after they penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles. Canterbury coach Des Hasler has apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season. The 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Sinfield has guided the Rhinos to six Super League titles, three World Club Challenges and the Challenge Cup in 2014.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old admits he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law. Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. It is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough. Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I dont feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited'
George Boyd has run 210.5 miles on the pitch this season. That is equivalent to running from Burnley's Turf Moor ground to Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park in less than 40 hours of playing time. Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen is second in the list - 0.4 miles behind Boyd. Boyd is joined by team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in the top 10.
Five-month-old baby found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham. Man, 25, and 22-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of murder. Child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later. A post mortem will take place today to establish the cause of death.
Raheem Sterling has been offered £100,000-a-week by Liverpool. The 20-year-old has put talks about a new contract on hold until the summer. Sterling has insisted he is not a'money grabber' PFA chief Gordon Taylor says Sterling is not being disloyal.
Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card. Neto also saw red after he retaliated by by appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson in Porto Alegre. Internacional's Fabricio was also sent off later in the game for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans. The 28-year-old left back threw off his shirt and shouted 'I'm leaving, I'm leaving' as he walked down the tunnel.
Two youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. When he resisted, they set him on fire. The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape. Incident took place in Padma Nagar in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai.
Dug and his owner, Lindsay Castro, were hiking in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Lindsay backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile - and suffered the consequences. The snake bit Dug in the face, and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size. After two days of round-the-clock IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home.
Alvaro Arbeloa says Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day. Mourinho left Madrid in 2013 amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players. The Chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in Madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013. The Special One is said to be considering a £40million move for Raphael Varane.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to finish in the top four. Rodgers also revealed Mario Balotelli did not travel with the squad. The Liverpool boss also fielded questions about contract rebel Raheem Sterling. Rodgers said the FA Cup quarter-final replay against Blackburn is'very, very important'
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by Parma on Saturday. Roberto Mancini has cancelled his players' day off and ordered them into training. The first team trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio.
Paul Parker's expired passport was listed on eBay for £5,000. The item was listed earlier in March and bidding ended on Tuesday. It is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted. Parker played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles at Old Trafford.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday. The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours. The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board. It comes two days after a shop assistant from Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, spotted the image of Jesus on a hot cross bun.
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic on Tuesday. The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute for his second international goal. It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
Karim Benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Real Madrid this season. The France international posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time' Benzema boldly stated earlier this week that he can win the Ballon d'Or award during his career.
Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat in a continued vendetta against him. He is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Tug endhats father is the High Court judge who awarded Fox a six-figure sum in damages after he sued Boulters for libellous remarks.
Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield drew 1-1 in the Yorkshire derby. Wednesday substitute Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute. Ishmael Miller, also on as a substitute, secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time. The result leaves Hudderfield without a win in their last seven games.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. The 23-year-old was signed by Mark Warburton three years ago. Dallas was playing part-time on a mud bath for Crusaders back home. The winger spent three months on loan at Northampton last season.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
On Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. He surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood, who is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey. The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation. Obama was also asked to cameo on the show by Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, according to Deadline.
Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was substituted after 30 minutes against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The 30-year-old was taken to hospital for tests but has been given the all-clear. Caykur revealed on social media that ObrANIak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger. The crash happened on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney. All three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. NSW police said they are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws. Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs. It has been reported on as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong.
Tiger Woods has not played since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems. There has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times. The 14-time major winner did not record a top-10 finish in nine starts in 2014, and has missed three cuts and withdrawn twice in his last six Tour starts.
The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC. It hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news. Bosses at Radio 1 and Radio 1 Extra were sent the guide earlier this week. Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah. The 28-year-old says he was approached last year by five female athletes at a training camp for the African Cross-Country Championships. He says they went to him as the senior athlete and captain of the team  he holds national records and has won medals at world level as well as three Commonwealth golds  and complained a coach had been raping them. Ugandan Athletics Federation deny the allegations.
Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 World Cup. Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. The former Holland forward was assistant to Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida last weekend. His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr, who was the Democratic candidate in Mississippi's 2007 gubernatorial elections, and mother Angel Eaves branded his actions 'disturbing' and 'disappointing' He has been withdrawn from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests. Phi Delta Theta openly condemned Eaves' actions and expelled him from the fraternity. Sources close to Eaves described him as an 'animal lover' who has
Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year, the country's sports minister said on Wednesday. The 37-year-old bid farewell to the one-day game on March 18, disappointed with a World Cup quarter-final defeat. Navin Dissanayake has appointed a new interim body to run the sport headed by former test cricketer Sidath Wettimuny.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli. The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the Madejski Stadium clash with the Exiles. Fife returns to the right wing while the rest of the backline remains in place.
QPR face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. Chris Ramsey says Tony Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain' But the QPR boss says he won't be asking for his tactical advice. QPR are currently 19th in the table, four points behind Sunderland.
sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her family's home in north London last October. She is accused of travelling to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Kurdish Workers Party (PKK) youth movement have its headquarters. The teenager, who is of Kurdish heritage, was then detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK on January 16.
Esteban Cambiasso joined Leicester City on a free transfer last summer. The Argentine midfielder says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy. Cambiasso won five Serie A titles at previous club Inter Milan. The former Argentina international also won the Champions League in 2010.
Manchester City won the Premier League last season after going top with one game to play. Sergio Aguero's injury-time winner against QPR in 2012 sealed City's first title win. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand. Crystal Palace host City on Monday night.
Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27. An arbitration panel has ruled that owner Assem Allam can make another application to change the name.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday, 3pm) Jefferson Montero is a doubt for Swansea after suffering a muscle strain during Ecuador's 1-0 defeat by Mexico in a Los Angeles friendly on Saturday. Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks. Hull have won just one of their last 14 Premier League away matches (W1 D6 L7). The Tigers have won none of their seven Premier League matches against fellow Citys this season.
John Bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. At the age of 30, the artist from Denton in Texas was completely blind. Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting. The artist uses a special technique to transfer the scene which he imagines onto the canvas.
Diego Costa may not be risked against Stoke following hamstring injury. John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Chelsea. Defender Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad.
Rangers have lost three times to Edinburgh clubs this season. Stuart McCall believes his side owe it to their fans to amend that record. The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August. Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories at Ibrox.
Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the SPL. Ronny Deila made four changes from the side which won the last of the four game-series with Dundee United before the international break. James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teales heart with a second half tap-in. Stefan Johansen later converted from the penalty spot.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016. The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for the New Zealand national side. He can play full back, wing or centre for the Irish province. Ulster manager Bryn Cunningham said: 'To secure someone of Charles' ability is hugely exciting for us'
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored in Fiorentina's 2-0 win. Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 home win over Napoli. Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help Juventus beat Empoli. AC Milan notched their first away win in over five months.
Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to maintain 14-point lead at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez opened the scoring before Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time. Roma strengthened their grip on second place thanks to a 1-0 win over Napoli which puts nine points between the two sides in the standings. AC Milan picked up their first win away from home since mid-October, beating Palermo 2-1.
Kevin de Bruyne is one of the hottest prospects in European football. The midfielder has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich. De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster has denied a deal is in place for him to leave Wolfsburg in the summer. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Swansea have yet to pick up a point after an international break this term. Garry Monk's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season. Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12.
Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers. The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker admits his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club. 'I would pay from my own pocket to sign Messi,' Ronaldo is reported as saying in Marca.
Northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when George North will next play. Wales wing will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne after his latest head injury. North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last Friday's 52-30 win over Wasps. Wasps forward Nathan Hughes was sent off for dangerous play as the Wales wing touched down.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title. The Spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday at 3pm. Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead, on goal difference, since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener.
Mohamed Diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury. Midfielder signed for £3.5million from West Ham in the summer. Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone. Steve Bruce's side travel to Swansea City on Saturday.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid once Southampton loan ends. The Belgian defender has impressed this season on the South Coast. Tottenham are also believed to be admirers of the 26-year-old. Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld and Oliver Torres to return to La Liga.
Swansea midfielder Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines. Carroll was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic last Friday. Midfielder has made 18 appearances for Swansea during his season-long loan spell from Tottenham. Swansea resume their Barclays Premier League campaign on Saturday.
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month. The Bayern Munich winger is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek. 'I can't even run. I tried last week and was in pain immediately. This situation is difficult, but I have to be at 100 per cent first,' he said.
Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle. Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out. Alaba is expected to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. Pep Guardiola's side face Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
Burnley host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. Michael Duff has backed Sean Dyche to one day take charge of England. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United. Dyche has overseen a remarkable transformation since arriving at Turf Moor in October 2012.
Harry Kane will play for the U21s at this year's European Championships. The Tottenham striker made his senior England debut last week. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer. Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to participate in the competition.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus from Real Madrid for £15.8million last summer. The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season. Real have a buy back option on the forward but agent Beppe Bozzo insists Morata is keen to fulfill his five-year deal.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games scheduled for the long weekend. Large parts of the rail network are set to be closed for repair works. More than half the games will be affected by delays and disruption. This weekend's crunch Premiership fixture, Arsenal versus Liverpool in London, will be hit by the rail chaos. Labour has accused the Government of failing to learn from the Boxing Day chaos.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage. Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead. Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota ensured all three points. Brentford moved to fifth in the Championship on 69 points with six games left to play.
The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. Both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch. The TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date.
The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak. Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War. The Yoaks say their aircraft is a 'celebration of our nation's armed forces'
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS. The company is also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. OAS has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras. The announcement was the latest in a string of bad news for Brazilian football post-World Cup.
13 US senators have written to FIFA calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. FIFA announced last week that the decision on the 2026 tournament will be made in 2017 - when Sepp Blatter is still likely to be FIFA president. England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996.
Helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo. One of the victims was reportedly Thomaz Alckmin, son of the city governor. It is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead. Authorities are investigating the cause of the crash.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over south London rivals Charlton on Good Friday. It was the Lions' first win at The Den since October. Charlton had skipper Chris Solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box. Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory's resulting penalty. Alou Diarra gave the Addicks the lead against the run of play in the second half.
The model credited with being the worlds first ever hatchback was the Renault 16 unveiled in April 1965. Now it accounts for a staggering two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain and a majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan and, increasingly, the US too. In the UK, seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder during Tijuana's 4-3 win over Monterrey in the Mexican league on Sunday. The incident was reminiscent of Uryguayan Luis Suarez's bite on Italian Giorgio Cheillini's shoulder during last year's World Cup. Tijuana are top of the table with 23 points from 12 games.
Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday. Andros Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. It took his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season, overtaking Lionel Messi. He now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues. There are nine teams in the Barclays Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Ronaldo.
England beat Italy 1-0 at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Roy Hodgson's side have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France. Sportsmail's top team of reporters have submitted their starting line-ups. Let us know your England XIs by posting them in the comments below.
Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at Langtree Park. A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side. Hull took an early lead after forcing a repeat set from a fumbled high kick and then another from offside on the line.
Sergio Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday. Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches. The club fired their first manager of the season, Francisco Rodriguez, in December. If all the necessary paperwork is complete Barj Juan will coach Almera's away match at Barcelona on Wednesday.
With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. 'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others. Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's friendly draw with Italy at the Juventus Stadium. The FA attempted to defuse the situation by releasing a statement the following day apologising for the behaviour of a section of the England support There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants. The first audible chants of this latest song can be traced back to Celtic Park in November.
'John' who is reportedly a builder posted the advert in his local newsagents. It has since gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by. The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life where it went viral.
Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener. Goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski are out injured. Manager Henrik Larsson was forced to play 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson in goal.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the Salford Red Devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan. Both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the Super League match. Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches after the pair had already been sin binned following an earlier flare up.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during Premier League encounter between Newcastle and Man City in January 2014. Pardw was warned by the FA and wrote to PellegRini to apologise for the offensive name he called him. The Crystal Palace boss believes he could manage a top-four side.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm) Alan Pardew's side have no fresh injury concerns ahead of the clash. But Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries. Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint and Mile Jedinak is suspended. Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game but returned to action with Ivory Coast as they took on Equatorial Guinea.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games to play. But City goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title. Weve proved it and the fans have proved it  we never give up, he said.
Former All Black Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. The 34-year-old full back was led away by officers at the Kingsholm Stadium last night in connection with an allegation in Cardiff in March. He had come off injured during Connacht's 14-7 defeat at Gloucester last night when he was approached by police. The allegation is believed to date fromConnacht's visit to the Cardiff Blues on March 6. He retired from the All Blacks in 2011.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run. The west London club are now just three points adrift of safety. Chris Ramsey's side face Aston Villa on Tuesday in the Premier League. QPR had lost 13 of 14 league away games before Saturday's win.
The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. On Thursday at Mission Hills in the first major championship of the year, Ko shot a 71 to tie the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par set by Annika Sorenstam in 2004. The top-ranked teen was tied for 50th at 2 under with the leaders still on the course.
Arsene Wenger has yet to decide whether to offer Abou Diaby a new contract. Diaby has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career, keeping him out of action for a total of 226 weeks. Wenger also indicated he hoped to secure contract extensions for club captain Mikel Arteta and long-serving midfielder Tomas Rosicky.
The Shell Houston Open is proving a show-stopper ahead of the Masters. Local boy Jordan Spieth has risen to number four in the world. Spieth finished runner-up on his Masters debut last year. Fellow American Phil Mickelson is one stroke behind at halfway.
Alan Hutton limped off in Aston Villa's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with an ankle problem. Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood are also ruled out of Tuesday's game. QPR are without Chilean winger Eduardo Vargas and South Korean left-back Yun Suk-young. Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson are doubts along with Tom Cleverley (adductor) and Aly Cissokho (groin)
Kim Sei-Young leads the ANA Inspiration by three shots going into final round. The 22-year-old shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of competition. World No 1 Lydia Ko toiled again, shooting her second consecutive over-par score, carding 74.
Former world No 1 Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters. Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy. Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 Premier League goals last season. Liverpool have scored just 45 goals this season, compared to 84 at the same stage last term. Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each. Only Crystal Palace and Sunderland have top scorers with fewer goals than Liverpool this season.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 will face either Simona Halep or Sloane Stephens in the final. Williams was presented with a giant cake following her victory. Andy Murray was also given a cake after winning his 500th match on Tuesday.
Aljaz Bedene was granted British citizenship on Tuesday. The world No 83 is originally from Slovenia. Andy Murray says British players should use it as motivation to get better. Murray admits Bedene threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week. The 27-year-old says Bedene is a good player with a very good serve.
South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration. Lydia Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to end when the world No 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National. The £1million race will take place at Aintree on April 11. The eight-year-old has run only once since finishing fourth in the Galway Plate in July. Robbie McNamara will ride his 2014 Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 at the Miami Open. The world number one will now face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals. Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori are also through to the last eight.
Newport Gwent Dragons reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over Cardiff Blues. Tries from Hallam Amos, replacement Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory. Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues, while Anscombe added three conversions.
Police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They initially assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call. They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl. The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
The name of philanthropist Hugh G. Rection appeared on screen during the Good Friday Appeal telethons. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. In a record breaking effort The Royal Children's Hospitals Good Friday appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne. The Spaniard will now face Andrea Petkovic in the semi-finals. PetKovic beat Czech Karolina Pliskova in straight sets. Williams said she had struggled to find consistency during the match.
Alfonso Thomas has agreed a deal to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League. Veteran seamer Thomas is still recovering from a broken ankle. He is not yet fit for selection for Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture at home to Durham - and is therefore free, with his club's blessing, to take up the short-term coaching appointment.
Bath face Leinster in Champions Cup quarter-final on Saturday. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland which halted another Grand Slam crusade. Bath head coach Mike Ford feels that setback could prove beneficial.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6 6-4, 6-1 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 4 will play Tomas Berdych or Juan Monaco in the last four. Murray believes fellow British players should use Aljaz Bedene's arrival as motivation to better themselves. The 27-year-old described Bedene as a'legitimate top 100 player'
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings. The 22-year-old centre is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns. The 7-foot-5, 360-pound centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board. Rangers also this week announced six-month losses of £2.6million for the second half of last year.
Moeen Ali hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. He was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad. Moeen expects to be fit again in time for Worcestershire's first LV= County Championship match at home to title-holders Yorkshire on April 12.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud scored. Arsene Wenger believes something is finally happening at Arsenal again. The Gunners are now seven points clear of Manchester City in second.
Tottenham face Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday in the Premier League. Hugo Lloris is out with a knee injury and Michel Vorm will deputise. The 31-year-old played in all of the Capital One Cup games except the final. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the SPL on Good Friday night. Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a Tunnock's Tea Cake. The striker was on the substitutes bench during the first 10 minutes. The commentator on BT Sport asked: 'Are you allowed to do that on the bench?'
Porto have made £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. The majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £23million in the summer. 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as James Rodriguez.
Lionel Messi was left out of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot. The four-time Ballon d'Or winner faces tests on Thursday to determine whether he will be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday. ESPN have claimed that Messi's injury was the result of a tackle by Martin Demichelis during Manchester City's Champions League exit against Barca last month. Barcelona are keeping tabs on top talent coming out of Serie A, with a particular focus on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson. Jose Luis Gaya's rumoured £13.1million release clause could tempt Chelsea and
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open' The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009. The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16. Rodgers believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players. The 42-year-old believes those experiences as a youngster have helped him nurture the talents of the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe.
Golden State Warriors beat Los Angeles Clippers 110-106. Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25. Brooklyn Nets beat Indiana Pacers to reclaim play-off spot. Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th NBA game. San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 95-81 to stay No 6 in the West.
Jamie Carragher flew out to watch his son James play in the Mediterranean International Cup. The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. The former defender cheered from the sidelines as the Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil. Both Philippe Coutinho and Lucas played in the tournament in the past.
Sunderland host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Sunday. The two sides have amassed just six points between them in their last six matches. Dick Advocaat's side are in danger of being relegated to the Championship. John Carver is fighting to secure his future as Newcastle manager beyond the end of this season.
James Rodriguez will start for Real Madrid against Granada on Sunday. The Colombian midfielder has been out for two months with a fractured foot. Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid in the summer. READ: Real Madrid vs Granada team news, probable line ups and more.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion. Thiago came on for the first time since March 2014 against Hoffenheim. Midfielder admits it was an emotional moment and has thanked the club. Spain international admits he is still far from full fitness but is now hoping to get back into the side.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million. The 25-year-old has been on loan at St Etienne this season. The French side have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million. But Theophile Catherine wants to see if there are other options before committing.
Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving Salford secured back-to-back Super League wins. Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gave the Giants hope. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe.
Rangi Chase charged with Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. Half-back could be banned for up to eight matches. Salford beat Huddersfield 18-12 at the John Smith's Stadium. Four other players have been charged for offences in round eight.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy on Tuesday. The Tottenham winger has scored three goals in 21 starts for England. The 23-year-old has been sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs. He has scored as many goals for England as he has done in the Premier League for Spurs.
Warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009. The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans. Widnes were boosted by the return of influential captain Kevin Brown from a three-match absence with a hamstring injury. The Wolves had no answer to his half-back partnership with Joe Mellor.
England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff to disembark after the draw with Italy in Turin. Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester. Andros Townsend was England's hero on Tuesday night, equalising with 11 minutes to play at the Juventus Stadium after Southampton's Graziano Pelle had opened the scoring for the hosts. Townsend along with his Tottenham team-mates Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle
Wigan Warriors beat St Helens 12-4 at the DW Stadium. Dom Manfredi, Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook and Joe Burgess went over for Wigan. Saints' Joe Greenwood limped off with an ankle problem. Wigan climb up to third place in the First Utility Super League.
Italy drew 1-1 with England at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. La Gazzetta dello Sport have scored England's players out of 10. Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of ten for their performances. England forward Theo Walcott has received the worst rating with five.
Reigning Man of Steel Daryl Clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when Castleford visit struggling Warrington as part of a full First Utility Super League programme on Easter Monday. The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season and, despite the switch, he has kept a close eye on events at his old club. 'It was the only team I played for coming through as a youngster so it'll feel a bit different being on the other side,' said Clark.
Raheem Sterling admitted in a TV interview that he is not yet ready to sign the new £100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers admitted the interview was conducted without the club's consent and'surprised us all' But Rodgers said Sterling was still young and'sometimes makes mistakes' He added that Liverpool were a'superpower' in world football and didn't have to sell their star assets.
England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon. Hart has labelled Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium. The Southampton striker has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old scored nine goals in his first 12 matches at St Mary's. Pelle is the only British-based player in the Italy squad.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night. It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to heavy rain. The thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the slide. The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use, as long as there wasn't another downpour. The Easter Show's chief operating officer Michael Collins said the slide 'runs way too fast
Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries for Clermont at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Nick Abendanon added a third try for the French side. Northampton were dumped out of the Champions Cup in such emphatic fashion. Courtney Lawes failed to reappear after half-time and Alex Corbisiero went off.
Zara Tindall, 33, pretended to pull husband Mike along in barrel-pulling harness. Moment came at end of Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Edmond, who set off nine days and 517 miles ago, rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day, only stopping to sleep and take part in comedy gigs at pubs.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City will have to buy young talent. FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads. City have failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata. Raheem Sterling would fit the bill and qualify as one of Dyke's homegrown quota.
Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend. The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September. Last time teachers across the country went on strike was in July, when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close.
Borussia Dortmund's Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany. The former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder attracted interest from the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. Now 26, Sahin is back 'home' in Dortmund following an unsuccessful stint at Real that included five months on loan at Anfield during which he failed to settle in.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. It escalated, and at 4.15am he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind. She pepper sprayed him and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911.
Kevin Sinfield will leave Leeds Rhinos at the end of the season. The 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list. Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual, on Saturday. The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door.
The male tortoise was pictured trying to mount a female at Kiev Zoo. But instead of getting lucky, he lost his balance and ended up on his back. He then had to spend fifteen minutes crawling across the grass to get up. The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Walking around to the front of the lamb, the duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat. The lamb appears as though it is about to walk away when it drops to the ground and allows the duck to continue.
The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951. The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. It took two years to totally renovate the property as workers were forced to carve windows and doors out of the formidable concrete. The house now boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and outside roof terrace.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. While one man distracts a cashier at the window, another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine. Once the cord is attached, the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount.
Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials. The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion.
Peter Alliss, 84, said legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in womens membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. Equality Act 2010, drafted by previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini guided City to their second Premier League title in three seasons back in May. The last four managers to have won the Premier League have all left their jobs by the following year  three sacked and one retired. Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti, Roberto Mancini and Sir Alex Ferguson.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world. The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's pre-Liverpool press conference.
Everton duo Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Childrens Hospital on Wednesday. The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital. Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children at the hospital.
Oscar posted a picture of him drinking from a bottle of sweets on Instagram. The 23-year-old scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France in Paris. Juventus scouts were present at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action against Didier Deschamps' side.
Carlisle United lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley on Saturday. The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two. Manager Keith Curle has laid into his players following the defeat. Curle also suggested that some players 'don't deserve to be professionals'
Yaya Toure was accused by Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick which killed off Manchester City's hopes of salvaging something from Selhurst Park. Toure, who is paid £200,000-a-week, was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead. The defeat left champions City nine points adrift of Chelsea, who also have a game in hand.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their FA Cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. Sumner - who said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker is back in London after the international break. Ozil impressed as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. The midfielder is expected to start against Liverpool at the weekend.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, according to Gerard Pique. The Barcelona star suffered a blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid. Messi did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break.
Greg Dyke was given a Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA at the World Cup. The watch was one of 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million. Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care, so that it could be auctioned. But, with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch, FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item.
Tyler Walker scored his first goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford. The 18-year-old striker is the son of former Forest defender Des Walker. Des Walker scored just once in 408 games for the club. Dougie Freedman believes Tyler Walker has a big future at Forest. CLICK HERE for all the latest Nottingham Forest news.
Peter Alliss claims gender equality laws have 'b******* up the game' Broadcaster also claims the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage. Comments come as the 2016 Open Championship will be the last to be broadcast live on the BBC before Sky Sports takes over.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser's song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage. The song included jokes about the new husband needing to take the bins out and taking the dog for a run.
David Luiz went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille. The Brazilian was running away from a Marseille player, before being caught by a stray leg. Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury. PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final on April 15.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. His family has hired investigators and police, but because he was an adult and had disappeared without notice before there was little incentive for police to appeal to the public for information. But after a call out for public sightings of him, John called his brother on Tuesday. John will visit his family in the coming weeks, including his father, who is in the final stage of dementia.
YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright. Bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action. Noah's parents describe him as having a 'fun' and 'crazy' adventurous spirit.
Lucy Garrod, 27, developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion. It was caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens. She woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye. Doctors said the ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye, millimetres away from permanently blinding her. She spent a week in hospital, where medics broke the news that she was still partially blind. She feared she would not be able to complete the last year of her photography degree. Determined not to give up, she taught herself how to take photographs with
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure. March Madness is set to come to a close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg, the infant can barely believe her eyes. When the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around.
The snowstorm took place in Siberias third largest city, Krasnoyarsk. A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud. Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph. Visibility is drastically reduced as the snowstorm engulfs the city.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows. The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. His YouTube channel boasts more than five million hits.
Loushanna Craig had gone to Tenerife with her husband for a three-day holiday. Couple were on a trip to the volcanoes when Mr Craig had his wallet stolen. Mrs Craig's biometric ID card was inside the wallet, along with their bank cards. She was meant to return to the UK on March 9, but only arrived on March 24. Ryanair staff refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant.
Fay Purdham, 27, and Christopher Dodd, 24, grew up together in Middlesbrough. The pair were inseparable as boys, playing football and Playstation for hours. Miss Purdam, who was born Kevin, began her transition to become a woman at the age of 23. She lost touch with Mr Dodd after he moved away with his family. They reunited at Mr Dodd's 21st birthday party and are now planning their wedding.
Sir Nick Faldo gave Rory McIlroy a squeeze on the shoulder during Monday's practice round at Augusta National. The three-time Masters winner voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. Faldo last week told the Daily Telegraph: 'Throwing 200lb and 300lb weights around is not going to be good for your golf swing. The heaviest weight I would ever lift was my body weight'
Incident took place in the sky over Russias Dmitrov district. The filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the transmission tower. The balloon begins disintegrating and the basket, carrying three people, plummets towards the ground. Within seconds the balloon appears to have disintegrated entirely. The video concludes with people running over to the fallen basket to assist the passengers.
Graeme McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National. The former US Open champion is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury. McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Tiger Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open. The 39-year-old is looking to win his fifth Masters title this week. Woods has started just two events in 2015 and missed the cut in the first. The 14-time major winner took a break from competition to work on his game.
Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager. The 50-year-old Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation. The Magpies are currently one point from safety. Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant, with Mike Edwards and Kevin Pilkington remaining in their posts.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset, awoke to find an Easter egg on their doorsteps. Residents described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness' Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one'
Ben Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the par-three tournament. Palmer is unable to play because of a dislocated shoulder. The 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday. The winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year.
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness. Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee United's recent slide ahead of Wednesday's Scottish Premiership derby.
Tim Sherwood takes on his friend Chris Ramsey when Aston Villa play Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday. Ramsey led QPR to a 4-1 victory at West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Sherwood's side lost 3-0 to Manchester United at Old Trafford. The Villa boss insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus of keeping Villa in the Premier League.
Tomas Berdych beat Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The Czech will now face Andy Murray in a rematch of the Australian Open semi-final. The match will be the first time the pair have met since Murray won in four sets.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The world No 2 was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year as the 33-year-old aims to maintain his fitness.
Exeter Chiefs defeated Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in European Challenge Cup. Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park. Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm scored tries for Exeter. Chris Harris scored a 68th-minute try for the Falcons. Exeter will now face Gloucester in the semi-finals.
Lewis Ferguson survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls' yard on Thursday morning. Ferguson, whose double somersault horror fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online, was back riding out.
The two-metre long reptile is filmed balancing at the top of a pole while swallowing its prey. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute. Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of some staggering sized prey.
Nigel Wray has dismissed rugbys salary caps rules as a farce Documents show Saracens mounting debt has topped £40m. The employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year. Wray admits further losses lie ahead.
Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies. The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention in the Caribbean after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury. James Anderson and Stuart Broad likely to retain new ball duties for the first Test in Antigua.
Martin Guptill has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England. Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time. James Neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury. New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired following their seven wicket loss to Australia.
Jonathan Trott has been in fine form for Warwickshire and rightly deserved his call-up. Alastair Cook knows the value an in-form Trott would bring to his sides chances of recording a series win in the Caribbean. Cook admits England will not be totally sure if Trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket until he is pitched into the heat of battle again.
Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker' once again. Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a'stress-related condition' The 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination, first with Warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with England Lions.
Yorkshire's Barney Gibson has retired from cricket at the age of 19. The wicketkeeper made his first-class debut just 27 days after his 15th birthday. Gibson said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire at such a young age. The 19-year-old has been involved with Yorkshire since he was 11.
The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport. Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality. In Le Mans of old, before safety concerns stopped the practice, drivers would run across the track to the cars.
Jonathan Trott returned to the England set-up for the first time since leaving last winter's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Dr Steve Peters worked with the batsman and gave him the necessary tools to return to the game. Peters has worked with Liverpool, Ronnie O'Sullivan and the England team in recent years.
Moises Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the IPL. He will be with them throughout their Blast campaign and also as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara - depending on the veteran Sri Lanka batsman's Test commitments. Henriques, capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes, said: 'I'm really looking forward to playing for Surrey this season'
Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for first time since London 2012. Smith won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the London Games. Smith has been selected after winning gold on the pommels at the recent British Championships. The European championships take place in Montpellier between April 15 and 19 and will only feature individual all-around and apparatus events.
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 in the China Open. The veteran Scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead. Trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the UK Championship finalist take the match to a decider, where Higgins prevailed. Higgins will face defending champion and local favourite Ding Junhui.
West Brom host Queens Park Rangers at the Hawthorns (Saturday 3pm) Baggies defender Craig Dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony following retrospective action. QPR youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss the game with a calf problem. Queens park Rangers have lost 17 of their last 19 Premier League away matches.
Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. Newcastle suffered an injury scare during the warm-up when emergency centre-back Daryl Janmaat limped off towards the dressing-room. John Carver hardly helped in sparing Jack Colback the gauntlet of hate from the home fans.
Matt Upson is out of Leicester City's clash with West Ham United. Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali. Liam Moore has returned from a loan at Brentford. Winston Reid is in contention to feature for the Hammers. Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry will all miss out.
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The 34-year-old is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship. He is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013, against Glamorgan on April 19. But before then, he intends to turn out against Oxford in a three-day match starting on April 12.
Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund in the Der Klassiker on Saturday. The two sides are separated by nine Bundesliga places and 31 points. A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield. It would, however, boost their hopes of qualifying for Europe.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control. Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good. It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain.
Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli. Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday.
Stuart McCall says Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players. McCulloch was sent off in Rangers' 2-1 win against Hearts on Easter Sunday. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic had the home side two ahead. McCall has paid tribute to the 40,521 Rangers fans who made it to Ibrox.
David Templeton will form part of a Rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club Hearts. Hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of Rangers. Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as Stuart McCall's recorded a 4-1 victory over Cowdenbeath.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema, Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win. Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation. Real Madrid have managed half the amount of goals Granada have scored in total all season, before today.
Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow match stopped for seven minutes on Sunday. Russian Premier League match was stopped after fans broke down barriers and threw chairs at stewards and law enforcement officers. After order was restored play resumed andTorpedo ran out 3-1 winners. Russian Football Premier League executive director Sergei Cheban said Torpede could expected to be heavily punished.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for Europe through Fair Play. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League. England currently sit third and West Ham are top of the Fair Play table. The Hammers face Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
David Meyler is confident Hull will stay in the Premier League. The Tigers are currently in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone. Hull have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches against clubs in the top seven of the league. Steve Bruce's side lost 3-2 at home to Chelsea last weekend.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday at 12.45pm. Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park at 3pm. Manchester United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday. Burnley face Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor at 1.30pm. Sunderland host Newcastle United at 4pm on Monday. Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park at 8pm.
Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available. Carlo Ancelotti will have to choose between Isco or Rodriguez to finalise his best starting line-up. In France, PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille is an indictment at the improvement of Ligue 1.
Robin van Persie is out of Manchester United's match against Aston Villa. Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem. Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness. Jonny Evans sits out the fourth match of his six-game ban. Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Kolo Toure has warned Raheem Sterling that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair joining Manchester City. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week, confirming that he has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract. Chelsea and Manchester City are also keen on English football's hottest property.
Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break. Everton lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break. Manchester City have been relatively impressive, drawing 2-2 at the Emirates and dispatching Champions League chasing Tottenham 4-1. Six Premier League clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season.
It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby and the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year. The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend and are all firm underdogs.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window. Hughes wants goalkeeper Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at the Britannia Stadium. Stoke sit 10th in the Premier League and still have an outside chance of earning a European berth.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal, who he faces at the weekend. Liverpool fans have a mantra that no player is bigger than the club. Sterling is arguably in the top five best young players in the world. He has as much chance of winning trophies at Liverpool as anywhere.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona. The 20-year-old rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week. Sterling says he wants to finish out the season before considering any more offers. Sportsmail's Riath Al-Samarrai tries his hand at interpreting what Sterling told BBC Sport.
Ludogorets beat CSKA Sofia 4-0 in their UEFA Champions League clash. Cosmin Moti made a kung-fu style tackle on CSKA forward Stefan Nikolic. The defender connected cleanly with Nikolic's rib cage but the referee waved play on. The Bulgarian side went on to win the game.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old scored for England in their 4-0 win over Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season. The English youngster spent seven years at QPR before moving to Liverpool in 2010.
Brendan Rodgers has confirmed that Raheem Sterling will not be going anywhere this summer. The Liverpool manager said he was'relaxed' about his contract situation and that Liverpool are a'superpower' of world football and don't have to sell their best players. He did admit that Sterling's interview was conducted without the prior consent of the club and 'took them by surprise'
Bojan Krkic is recovering in Barcelona from a serious knee injury. The Stoke striker has been keeping up-to-date with the Premier League. Bojan has picked his Premier League team of the season. The former AC Milan and Roma forward has picked David de Gea, Ryan Shawcross, Alexis Sanchez, Sergio Aguero and Steven Nzonzi.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing home game for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol. Slipped on wet ground following tackle and crashed into clubhouse building. Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment. But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. Tributes have since flooded in for Mr Hiscox who was described as 'total legend'
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens. The Irish rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media, with hilarious consequences. On Monday, at home in Ireland, Huberman posted the picture of O' Driscoll and wrote: 'You know when your husband is away in Hong Hong on a very important business trip...' This was followed by a that read: 'I better get a giant Toblerone from the duty free'
Raheem Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on Merseyside. The 20-year-old says he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. Sterling has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Liverpool are infuriated by Sterling's decision to give the interview without even telling them and some members of the club's hierarchy are convinced that the England international and his representatives are simply preparing for a move this summer.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from Anfield. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season. Liverpool lost 4-1 at Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team. The Arsenal manager agonises over the selection all week. Wenger has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996. The Frenchman has delivered three Premier League titles and five FA Cups.
Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, was killed in a car crash early Tuesday. The 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die. He was on loan at Free State Stars from Pretoria-based Mamelodi Sundowns.
Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan at Championship side Derby County. The former England striker has opened the door on a return to Aston Villa. The 31-year-old also praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur. Bent also said Villa were '100 per cent' correct to sack Paul Lambert.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 at the MetLife Stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday night. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring before Miller Bolanos equalised. Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an Ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to tap the ball under goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez. Gerardo Martino's Argentina had beaten El Salvador 2-0 on Saturday.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox played as a non-competing marker with McIlory when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year. He even outscored the world No 1 by a shot, with a 70 to Mcilroys 71. Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round on Friday.
Danny Lennon took charge of the Scotland Under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month. The former St Mirren boss looks set to take over at Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7.
J B Holmes won the Shell Houston Open after two play-off holes. Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out on the second hole. Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole. Holmes began the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard.
Kelvin Day is playing in his first PGA Tour event. Surrey-born Day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit, the Web.com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event. With two excellent rounds of 64, the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place.
Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award. Fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague. The two players who garner the most votes will be considered by a judging panel of representatives from First Utility and League Weekly to decide on one overall winner. The players considered for this month's award have been revealed in Monday's League Weekly.
Phil Mickelson is one shot behind Andrew Putnam going into the third round of the Shell Houston Open. Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 68. Padraig Harrington's revival continued after a second round 69. Lee Westwood's tournament is over after two rounds of 71.
Danny Willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. The 27-year-old Yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the Blue Monster last month. Willett insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first Major of 2015.
Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days. Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days with 54 caps. Sir Bobby Charlton, Bobby Moore, David Beckham and Gary Lineker also on the list. Carrick could overtake Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard if he continues to play in the next European Championship.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested. Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. The five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission.
Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kanes involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech Republic. Spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club's PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour.
Theo Walcott was replaced after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy on Tuesday night. Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the winger's confidence. The Arsenal manager will have a heart-to-heart chat with the forward ahead of Saturdays crunch top-four clash against Liverpool. Walcott could face Liverpool on Saturday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain injured and Danny Welbeck a doubt.
Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract. Now Chelsea want to be kept informed about the forwards future as they join the hunt with Arsenal and Manchester City.
Wilford was found in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade. Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Manchester United hotseat between 1986-2013. The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71. Ferguson revealed that he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy for the consuming role.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract at Liverpool worth £100,000-a-week. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. Sterling was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14 but he is miles behind Luis Suarez. He has only scored six Premier League goals so far this season.
David Luiz limped off during PSG's 1-0 win over Marseille on Sunday. The Brazilian defender will now miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona. PSG could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old. Laurent Blanc's side currently sit top of the Ligue One table.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account. He faces up to two years in prison.
Sam Tomkins will leave the New Zealand Warriors at the end of the season. The 26-year-old England full-back is keen to return to his former club Wigan. Wigan have an option to re-sign Tomkins on a 'defined salary' Roger Tuivasa-Sheck has been signed as a replacement for Tomkins.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. The 83-year-old has died at the age of 83. A service of thanksgiving will take place on Wednesday April 8 in his home town of Malvern in Worcestershire. The FA said: 'Our thoughts are with Neil's family and friends at this sad time'
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves. Fans have adapted by using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them.
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, at 1.7 per household. Laptops were second, followed by tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two of the latter. Four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth have two, and 11 per cent own three or more.
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31. The 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United; Tyler Blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by Leicester and Luke Shaw in the 1-1 draw with West Ham.
Adam McBurney was not at his home in County Antrim, Northern Ireland when it was targeted on Easter Sunday. Shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property. Bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls. Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements' Officers also said a red Honda Accord car was found burnt-out in a nearby road.
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. 'I would try to hide the weight by strategically using my wardrobe, but it felt like I had somebody else's torso,' she said. The surgery involved her doctor pumping her doctor full of water to separate the fat from the skin and muscle, which was then slowly sucked out.
Juan Mata says Manchester United must take every game as a 'final' The 26-year-old has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side during their five game winning run. United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his 16-year-old pet cat Tiger. After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline. Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there. The python had struggled to properly swallow the cat and died as a result.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival last week in Yining County in north Xinjiang. The kiln was built specially with more than 10,000 bricks, yellow mud and salt. Hopur and his apprentices took five days building the special kiln, which then had to be warmed up for 48 hours before the big day.
South American duo Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma. In the aptly-named 'Head to Head,' production, Manchester United forward FalCao and his Manchester City counterpart Aguero do just that as they battle it out in a cage style match. And like for so much of the Premier League era, it is United who take first blood. However, it isn't long before the City hitman proves the scourge of the red half of Manchester once more as he nutmegs United's No 9. Yet, United have the last laugh in the video with a trademark
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove was born with cerebral palsy, but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos. The teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently,' she says.
A 23-month-old girl in  died after her father struck her with a pickup truck when he didn't see that she was in the driveway. Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday. The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed. The girl was going to turn two this weekend.
Lydia Kelm, 23, had a blood-alcohol content of.247 when police tested her after showing up to the McDonald's in Leesburg, Florida, early Monday. She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states. Kelm was charged with DUI and booked into the Lake County jail; she has since been released on $1,000 bail.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far. Uncle Jamie has lived with Travis for more than a decade since his uncle's parents died. Travis says he had long dreamed of becoming a country singer and is now receiving offers from Nasville.
FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo does not believe that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent Sepp Blatter in the presidential elections next month. Figo, Prince Ali bin Al Hussein of Jordan and the Dutch football association president Michael van Praag are opposing Blatter. The CAF congress in Cairo ended on Tuesday with Hayatou declaring Africa's complete support for Blatter's re-election.
Dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind. Two men watching the bizarre scene from their car are heard chuckling in the background.
Real Madrid travel to Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five in Real's 9-1 win against Granada at the weekend. The 30-year-old has now scored 36 goals in the league so far this season. Lionel Messi is in contention to win the Pichichi trophy at the end of the season. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Vincent Kompany believes that a win against Manchester United will help rectify their season. Manuel Pellegrini's side were given a torrid time by Crystal Palace on Monday night, as their Premier League title hopes were all but dashed. City captain admits that the derby game is crucial and believes being the underdogs suits his side.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR. QPR had led through Matt Phillips and Charlie Austin. Villa boss Tim Sherwood said the point could be a vital one for his side. Chris Ramsey called Bentekes a 'formidable player' for his performance.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur championship at Royal Portrush last year. The 19-year-old has invites to the Masters and US Open in 2015. McIlroy has tipped the youngster to be a success when he decides to turn professional. The world No 1 was on the losing side in the 2007 Walker Cup.
British Airways, easyJet, Ryanair and Flybe among airlines to cancel flights. Air passengers face up to three days of disruption over the next three days. Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced at Britain's ports. Walkout by France's biggest air traffic controllers union SNCTA will begin at 5am today.
The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her. The woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness. The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a car at around 12.30am Saturday. The man walks back to the car, briefly glances at the woman's body on the ground, then gets behind the wheel and drives off.
Colin Graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ECB chairman. The incoming chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. Graves has forged an excellent reputation in English cricket as chairman of Yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open. The pair met at the same stage of the Australian Open in January. Murray's fiance Kim Sears was caught shouting expletives at the Czech. Fitness trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray to join BerdyCh's team.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night. He was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died. A 20-year-old man, who police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia as Bradley James Brooks, was arrested in nearby Halekulani on Monday night and charged with murder. Police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack. A friend became 'victim number two' when he tried to help fatally injured the rugby league player.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori of Japan 6-4, 6-3 on Thursday. Isner is the first American man to reach the Miami semi finals since 2011. He'll next face either Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer on Friday night. Andy Murray takes on Tomas Berdych in the other semi final.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are on a run of five consecutive league wins. Phil Jones has called on United to 'turn up and play their football' The 23-year-old started for United in their 3-1 win at home to Aston Villa.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic in straight sets. The 12th-seed will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in Saturday's final. It's the eighth time that the Spaniard has reached a WTA final. She's looking for her second title at Key Biscayne.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton. The 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for his ordeal. Fergusons spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. But he was back riding out and is undeterred from getting back in the saddle.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters. The Northern Irishman insists he has arrived at Augusta ready to mount a serious challenge. The world No 1 has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta National - last year's tie for eighth.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National on April 11. Jonjo O'Neill hopes jockey AP McCoy rides the horse to success. McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship and retire. The Grand National will be McCoy's last-ever at Aintree.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final. Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall admitted he was surprised to see Bosch taking the penalty. Sarries will face Clermont in the semi-finals in two weeks.
Matt Prior has not played since July because of an achilles injury. The 33-year-old lost his England place to Jos Buttler last summer. Prior admitted he may never play Test cricket for England again. Sussex head coach Mark Robinson says Prior is out 'indefinitely'
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the Baic Motor China Open final. World No 1 Selby dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to earn his sixth ranking title and £85,000 in prize money. Selby overcame neck pain earlier in the tournament to beat Wilson, who lies 55 places below him in the rankings.
Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. Referee Nigel Owens was escorted off the pitch by security but his call penalising replacement lock Fabrice Metz with 10 seconds left on the clock  was the correct decision. Racing Metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition. Charlie Hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match to give Sarries a 3-0 lead. Alex Goode and Max Machenaud crossed for the only try of the first half.
Ki Sung-Yueng and Bafetimbi Gomis scored for Swansea in the first half. Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half. David Meyler was sent off two minutes later for fouling Kyle Naughton. The 29-year-old grabbed his second of the match in injury time.
Wisconsin ended Kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years, beating the Wildcats 71-64. The Badgers will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the earlier semi-final, at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday night.
Harry Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. Tottenham went into the Premier League match looking to get back into the race for Champions League qualification after Liverpool's loss. But the dream and the reality were not quite in tandem for once, Kane enduring one of the more difficult afternoons he has experienced this season.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help win Olympic gold at the 2016 Rio de Janiero Games. Daley has spent the winter modifying the plunge with his new coach Jane Figueiredo. The 20-year-old says he is enjoying diving more than ever after relocating from Plymouth to London.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round of the MCE British Superbike Championship. Defending champion Shane Byrne, despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing Spain, completed the front row of the grid aboard the PBM Kawasaki.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League will feel like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table, with only eight games remaining, knowing that time is running out to save themselves. The Argentinian midfielder signed for the Foxes in the summer, leaving Italy after ten years and embarking on a new challenge in England.
Sportsmail has teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Nike Magista Obra boots signed by England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart. The prize winner will also receive one of the brand new Fusion ProGlide razors with Flexball technology worth £12. The competition closes on Sunday April 19. CLICK HERE to be in with a chance of winning this special prize.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old has thanked Southampton fans for their support. Pelle scored against England in Tuesday's 1-1 international friendly. Ronald Koeman has backed Pelle to go on a run during the final eight games of the campaign.
Stuart McCall says he was warned by Walter Smith not to take the Rangers job. But the former Scotland international insists he made the right decision. McCall has seen his new side win their last three games in a row. The Gers boss guided his side to a 2-1 win over Hearts on Sunday.
Vincent Duport suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery. The France international scored three tries in the first six rounds of Super League XX. Next up for the sixth-placed Catalans is a trip to Wigan on Sunday.
Roy Keane delivered a 'bizarre' team talk to his Sunderland players. The former Aston Villa boss told them to 'just enjoy being s***' Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Villa that day. Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff at Aston Villa.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having been behind at half-time in almost 20 years. The shocking stat is revealed as City's title hopes lay in tatters following Monday night's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace. The last time City managed to win having been in a losing position was on April 17, 1995 when they beat Blackburn Rovers 3-2. City's goalscorers that day were defender Keith Curle, now manager of League 2 strugglers Carlisle, from the penalty spot, former Brentford boss Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh.
Memphis Grizzlies moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday. The Grizzlies defence were key, shutting down Thunder star Russell Westbrook repeatedly. San Antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the No 2 playoff seed by routing Denver 123-93. Brooklyn Nets extend their winning streak with a narrow victory over Toronto, Chicago win a tight struggle against Detroit and Milwaukee overpower Boston in the second half.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club ahead of The Masters 2015. He was also joined on the course by long-term skier girlfriend Lindsey Vonn. The former World No1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the last eight of the German Cup on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke. Bastian Schweinsteiger has also now been ruled out of the BayArena clash.
Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear. Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby. Jermain Defoe scored the winning goal on the stroke of half-time. The result moves Sunderland three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone.
Ian Poulter was so excited to get started at Augusta that he forgot his clubs. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament. Gene Sarazen played the most impressive shot in the tournaments history with an albatross on the 15th hole.
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' after some heavy defeats last season. Arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season as they slipped from the top of the Premier League to a battle for the Champions League places. The German defender admits being embarrassed by the bigger teams was the catalyst for a number of much-needed confrontations.
The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday at Augusta National. Rory McIlroy is bidding to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career Grand Slam. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February. Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young American stars Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Amir Khan has been in talks with Adrien Broner over a possible fight. The former lightweight world champion has not fought since December. Khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently. British rival Kell Brook is set to feature on his agenda for a Wembley blockbuster next year.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 in New York. The Bolton fighter had earlier this week come under increasing pressure to take on British rival Kell Brook in June. Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman. But on his wife's YouTube channel Khan announced: 'The next opponent will be Chris algieri. I will be taking that fight at 147lbs'
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open on Thursday. The Englishman fell outside the worlds top 10 after a bruising Florida swing last month. Rose might be the only player in Masters history to have led or had a share of the lead after every round bar the last one.
Lionel Messi has recovered from his foot injury and should be fit for Sunday's La Liga match with Celta Vigo. The Argentina forward sat out both of his country's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador over the international break. The 27-year-old sustained the blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' win over Real Madrid. Messi trained alongside compatriot Javier Mascherano on Thursday and both are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad in a more intense session on Friday.
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta National later this month. The 25-year-old is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods. 'For me now it's a career-long goal to win there to achieve something that only a handful of players have ever achieved,' the world number one said.
Floyd Mayweather Snr has refused to respond to criticism from Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach. Roach has blasted the elder Mayweather and insisted that the Money Man would be far better off preparing for the May showdown with his uncle Roger. 'My whole thing is, Floyd's not going to have his best cornerman in his corner because there's no question in my mind that Roger is the better trainer,' Roach told Yahoo Sports. 'Floyd got 90 percent of his wins with Roger working with him. Roger is way better'
Erik Compton is set to make his first appearance at the Masters this week. The veteran has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on the week ahead, rather than his journey. Compton is a spokesman for Donate Life, an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation. His runner-up finish at Pinehurst nudged his story into the spotlight.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31. As part of the settlement Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) while Jason will keep two of the couple's houses.
Lydia Ko tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par. The 17-year-old shot a 1-under 71 on Thursday at the ANA Inspiration. The New Zealand world No 1 started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending CME Group Tour Championship last year.
Crystal Palace are convinced Yannick Bolasie will learn from Wilfried Zahas mistakes and not jump ship. The electrifying winger has dazzled for the Eagles since Alan Pardew took over in January. Zaha made the £10million switch to Manchester United two seasons ago but managed just two Premier League starts under David Moyes.
Pavel Pogrebnyak gave Reading the lead in the fourth minute. Conor McAleny equalised for Cardiff in the 90th minute. Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 18. Reading had won only two of their previous nine Championship matches, losing six of them.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Steven Gerrard will miss the game because of a suspension. Robbie Fowler says Liverpool's players must not focus on Gerrard. The Reds legend has also urged Raheem Sterling to stay at Anfield. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Benik Afobe opened the scoring for Wolves in the 46th minute. Bakary Sako doubled the lead from the penalty spot in the 72nd minute. Dexter Blackstock scored a late consolation goal for Forest. Wolves are now six points clear at the top of the Championship.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations. The 24-year-old says Sterling will be one of the top players for the next eight years if he stays at Liverpool.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute Super League appearances but has failed to break into the Rhinos team so far this year. London coach Andrew Henderson said: 'Elliot comes highly recommended from Leeds and has come through a good system'
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the Ibrox side. Rangers were reduced to 10 men when captain Lee McCulloch was sent off. McCall says McCulloch apologised to him and the players after the incident.
Monaco held to goalless draw by Montpellier at Stade Louis II. Lucas Barrios missed a penalty early in the second half. Result sees Monaco remain in fourth spot, behind Marseille, Lyon and Paris St Germain. Second-division Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach French Cup final.
Hugo Lloris injured his knee in Tottenham's 4-3 win against Leicester City. The France international was carried off on a stretcher early in the game. Michel Vorm will deputise in goal for Spurs at Turf Moor on Sunday. Mauricio Pochettino could be without striker Roberto Soldado. Tottenham are in seventh place in the table with eight games remaining.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth-round replay. Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an Ewood Park hero. Rovers rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for Rhodes at the start of the season. Bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the 'extra 20,000'
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League. Chelsea are top of the table, while Arsenal and Manchester United are also in the top four. City laboured to a 3-0 win over Palace in December in what proved Neil Warnock's penultimate match in charge.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list. Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard put in a man of the match performance against Southampton. Loic Remy looked a worthy replacement for Diego Costa as he scored and was a menace against Stoke. Ander Herrera's two goals for Manchester United were thoroughly deserved.
The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University in Rhode Island. They pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely, if ever. Subjects were shown an on-screen  texture of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared. Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers. But it was not clear whether gaming improves visual learning or whether good visual learners tend to play more video games.
Neymar feels his team's Champions League tie with PSG will prove a real footballing'spectacle' The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Barclays Premier League champions Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition. Neymar has proved a good fit at the Nou Camp alongside Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy. Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back on Twitter to strike back at the former Arsenal and England midfielder. The Tottenham winger said: 'Not bad for a player that should be "nowhere near the squad" ay @PaulMerse?'
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons. Midfielder Allen spoke to Sportsmail at Liverpool's Melwood training ground. The 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity to prove his worth. Allen admits, at times, the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big for him.
Mike Brown admits he is unsure when he will return to action for Harlequins. The England full-back was knocked out cold in England's 47-17 victory over Italy at Twickenham in the second round of RBS 6 Nations action in February. George North has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. Johnson's victory caused consternation in America for one simple reason: Johnson was black  and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. It mattered little that Johnson was American. His skin was deemed the wrong colour and a great cry went up from white America to find a white challenger  a 'Great White Hope'  who could unseat the new champion.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after the strikers new agent suggested he could leave Everton as soon as this summer. Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukaku's £28million move to Goodison Park last summer. The 21-year-old is just one season into a five-year contract.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. But she still made it through a full season at Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati while raising more than $1.5 million for research into the type of brain tumor that will likely end her life. Hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $2.2 million for treatment and research.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean. Lyth finished with 1,489 runs  more than anyone in the country  six hundreds and a welter of awards last season. Yorkshires sports psychologist Scott Hartley came up with the idea of harnessing Lyth's love of golf  his handicap is eight  to get him holing one short putt after another. I was over the moon when I was told about my selection, said Lyth.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored the goals for the Eagles. Yaya Toure grabbed a late equaliser for Manuel Pellegrini's side. City lost further ground on league leaders Chelsea with the defeat.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles. The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of the travelling City fans when he was hit by an object. Puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of the City supporters.
The married father-of-two was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****' The university, in Ohio, took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21. A source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave.
Mesut Ozil was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours after missing Arsenal's Premier League clash with Newcastle United. Arsene Wenger has chosen not to sanction Ozil for the incident. Ozil explained to Wenger that he had attended a friend's birthday and was only in the club for 30 minutes. Danny Welbeck could return to the Arsenal side for Saturday's showdown with Liverpool after a knee injury.
Leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat England last month. Bath's qualities are channeled through their attack, with Mike Ford giving the likes of George Ford, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson a licence to play with flair. Clermont not having lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008. Racing are flush with money, investing heavily in overseas players such as Jonathan Sexton, Jamie Roberts and Dan Carter.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21s at this summer's European Championships. The Tottenham striker will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Tottenhams post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia. Kane made an instant impact on the England team with a goal on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley. Everton midfielder Ross Barkley and Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling will both be excused.
Andros Townsend has hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Kane made his England debut as a substitute on Friday against Lithuania, scoring after only 79 seconds.
Pasquale Marino brought Alexis Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008. Sanchez was signed from Chilean club Cobreloa two years earlier. Sanchez has impressed for Arsenal this season following £30million switch. Marino believes Sanchez could score more than 35 goals a season in any league he plays in.
The bird is captured standing over a football and giving it a peck. It then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot. Excited by the movement, it runs after it and rolls it to the right. The bird then jumps up onto it with both feet and causes it to move.
Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the Premier League behind Sylvain Distin by 26 days. The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea. Duff was 11 years old when he witnessed the Hillsborough tragedy. The defender's former clubs include an eight year spell with Cheltenham Town.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer. Gareth Southgates squad finished fourth last May and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the European Under 21 Championships this June. Aidy Boothroyd will be the man in charge of the Under 20s this time. Other participating countries include Holland, The Ivory Coast, Mexico and the United States.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league. The 51-year-old defender played for a total of 10 clubs during his career, including Manchester City. Curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for Wolves under Colin Lee and John Ward in the 1990s.
PGA Tour star Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater. The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' It wasn't long before Fowler came to his girlfriend's defense and responded to the troll that he'might want to get your facts straight
On a catwalk in Xi'an in China models strutted their stuff in gold underwear, it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history. It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000. The idea came after a Chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. The 20-year-old is yet to sign a new contract at Anfield. Sterling admitted he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal in an interview on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is not yet at the same level as Luis Suarez.
Romelu Lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent Mino Raiola. Raiola is one of the most influential agents in the game. The Italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million. Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by Lukaku joining Raiola. The Belgium striker has scored only eight times in the Premier League so far this season compared with 15 last term.
Man, who has not been named, shot himself at Universal Studios in Hollywood. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride. Nobody else was injured in the shooting, which took place at 2:15pm. Universal Studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds.
Real Madrid want to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea. But they are prepared to wait until next summer if Louis van Gaal won't negotiate. They are also interested in Chelsea's Petr Cech to fill the gap in between. Elsewhere in Spain, Lionel Messi has 'overcome the pain' of his injury.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when he controversially left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson in 1999. Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position beyond the end of this season.
Louis van Gaal says Manchester United can still win the Premier League. United sit eight points behind leaders Chelsea having played a game more. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini has become almost undroppable, given his performances in United's recent run of form. Victory over Aston Villa on Saturday would put some pressure on Manchester City.
Frank Lampard has revealed he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public. The on-loan Manchester City star spoke of his support on Channel Four's 'Alan Carr's Chatty Man' alongside Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle. Former West Ham United midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger came out as being gay not long after Robbie Rogers.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season. The left back has also forced his way back into the England squad. Bertrand took to Instagram to post a snap of himself and his daughter. The 25-year-old got his little girl a red Ferrari just like his own.
Dick Advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at Rangers by playing down the significance of the Old Firm derby. The 67-year-old takes charge of Sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow with North-East adversaries Newcastle the visitors. Celtic won 5-1 and the Dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry.
Danny Cipriani helped Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester. The fly half has taken advantage of a free weekend to relax in Dubai. Sale face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks. Steve Diamond's side are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership.
At 12, she became the youngest player to appear in the U.S Women's Open. Now 20, she can boast six professional championships and almost $3million. She will appear topless on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest. It is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969, six months into his presidency. Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean. Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. The estate is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and also boasts several satellite residences for staff.
Ryan Taylor is one of the few players respected by Newcastle's fans. The 30-year-old scored the winner at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago. He has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats. Taylor's current contract at St James' Park is set to expire this summer.
Ratinho sported his new hairdo during his side's Brazilian Cup clash with Atletico PR on Thursday night. The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Ratinho's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from Igor Joao.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. Arsene Wenger's side are currently third in the Premier League. The Gunners are six points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool in the race for the top four. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby have all returned to first-team training.
Neymar and Dani Alves watched El Clasico with Neymar's sister Rafaella. Barca prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the Euro League contest. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their bitter rivals, just by points difference. Neymar helped Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £32million last summer. Arsene Wenger does not know why Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool. Wenger admits Liverpool could have used Sanchez as leverage during negotiations over Luis Suarez's move to the Nou Camp. Wenger has played down talk of a summer move for Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling.
Louis van Gaal has revealed he will meet Sir Alex Ferguson soon. The Manchester United boss hopes to have some progress to talk about. Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race but the top-four battle is not over either. Victory over Aston Villa on Saturday could see United leapfrog Manchester City into second place.
Courtney Lawes was criticised for his tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson at Twickenham last month. Jeff Powell suggested that Lawes should apologise for an offence that he argued would put parents off allowing their children to play such a brutal, damaging game. The England lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel and there were cries of protest in these parts.
Juan Mata revealed Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016 in France. Manchester United's player of the month lifted the lid on England captain Rooney's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in June next year. Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the 2014 World Cup in the group stages in Brazil.
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern at the Newcastle Metro Arena. Joshua is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three. Gavern is walking into the ring for the 50th time in his career. The 37-year-old American has vowed to put on a show at the Metro Radio Arena. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Theo Walcott and Raheem Sterling are in contract negotiations with their clubs. The England wingers will go head-to-head at the Emirates on Saturday. Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season. Walcott has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term injury.
Neymar has been in superb form for both club and country this season. Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped him to rival Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. But the former Manchester United boss says he is still some way off. Ferguson also backed Carlo Ancelotti, who reached out to his son Darren.
Spain lost 2-1 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored in the space of four minutes. Vicente del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes. Del Bosque was impressed with Malaga forward Juanmi and Sevilla winger Vitolo.
The 18-year-old inmate was booked into Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix two weeks ago. He is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers. The officers told the inmate to go back to his cell before he began punching them. One officer, Scott Beaty, was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering a brain bleed and broken bones in his face. Three of four officers injured in the attack went to the hospital. The inmate was not injured.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille, says Jose Anigo. Eric Cantona played at the Stade Velodrome between 1988 and 1991. Peter Schmeichel has called for Manchester United to make a move for Ibrahimovic. Ibrahimovic has been compared with Cantona for the second time in a few days.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in a friendly on Tuesday night. The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has a population of 500,000. They are the smallest nation ever to play in the Africa Cup of Nations. Every member of the squad plays club football outside Cape Verde, mostly in Europe and particularly Portugal.
Swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away. Footage, taken with the help of a selfie-stick, starts by showing the girl's frightened face. Seconds later, she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here', only for friends on a nearby boat to reply: 'It's behind you' Manatees are plant-eating creatures that can grow up to 13ft and have a top speed of just 5mph.
Man, known only as Xu, bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties. Six months later, he discovered the young couple had not slept together. Desperate to have a 'grandson', Xu decided to have sex with her himself. After six months, he realised that the young bride was likely to be infertile. He sold her off to another family for 10,000 yuan (£1,093) Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police.
Radamel Falcao has been unable to hold down a regular first-team place at Manchester United. The Colombian striker has admitted to becoming tearful over his lack of game time at Old Trafford. But he seemed to be coping better after the international break, enjoying an evening out in Alderley Edge on Thursday, before picking up his £100,000 Porsche Panamera from a Waitrose car park.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Saturday's Championship game against Leeds United at Elland Road. The Welsh club have thrown their backing behind a fans' boycott of the game. Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club, council or police. Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November's game.
Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th Masters at Augusta on Thursday. Dustin Johnson is the best American but Henrik Stenson will be hoping to mount a serious challenge. Rory McIlroy will begin his quest for a Grand Slam when the Masters kicks into action. Jason Day has an outstanding chance to grab another win for Australia.
Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday. He hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property. Mr Docherty was agitated when he returned to find the work wasnt carried out to his specifications. He told the contractor he would rip the mans penis off.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany. Owners lost their pet in early March and had looked everywhere. But nearly four weeks later, a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises. It is thought the animal had crawled under the floor boards as the bathroom was being renovated.
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 derby win over Newcastle. The 26-year-old defender has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats this season. The Argentinian returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal from Costa Rican side Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year. Dick Advocaat's side travel to Crystal Palace on Saturday.
Aritz Aduriz scored a 90th minute equaliser for Athletic Bilbao. Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off. Rodrigo De Paul had given the visitors the lead 16 minutes into the second period. Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games with a 3-0 win. Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three by beating Elche 1-0.
The black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphias Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. After a few hours, animal control officers were able to coax the raccoon down from the pole.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet Wednesday night. On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Leonard Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying. Police were able to determine that Iracks was involved in the filming of the video, but he fled the scene after Ivy's death.
MI5 has issued an alert over the threat posed by rogue workers in Britains nuclear, transport and public services. It comes after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in the Alps plane crash disaster. MI5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas  known as 'insiders'
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down, at which point his family called Royal Darwin Hospital. There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm. Most of them domestics or drunken anti-social behaviour.
Some 1,500 migrants have been rescued by Italian navy and coast guard ships in less than 24 hours. Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers. The rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the EU via Italy on the same period last year.
Jet surfing is the latest craze in extreme water sports as thrillseekers take it to the next level. Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where the latest water sports craze of Jet Surfing has taken off. Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg and are equipped with a specially-designed two-stroke engine.
Manchester City have won the last four Manchester derbies. United have never lost five straight matches to their local rivals. Ashley Young wants to end City's dominance in the derby. City lost 3-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday, their third defeat in five. United are currently third in the Premier League, one point ahead of City.
New Zealand racing presenter Adian Rodley has become a viral sensation after his ecstatic celebration of racehorses victory was caught on film. Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby, held in Randwick on Monday. The race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video.
Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile. The land mammals were freed from a temporary pen, where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition. Wood bison are North Americas largest land mammal, but the native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7- 5 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. World No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final if he beats John Isner. Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final. Williams beat Simona Halep 6-2, 4-6,7-5 while Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3, 6-4.
Tryster beat Complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for his trainer Charlie Appleby. Jockey William Buick predicted a big future back on Turf for Tryster. Buick also rode Pretend to victory in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons in the 32Red Three-Year-old Mile Championship.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner. The grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday under big race jockey Andrew Lynch. The Irish challenge also includes Jim Cullotys Lord Windermere (Robbie McNamara) and Spring Heeled (Nick Scholfield)
AP McCoy will attempt to give AP McCoy a glorious send off in Ireland with a second victory in Easter Monday's Irish Grand National. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butler's Cabin and success aboard Cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be McCoy's final week as a jockey. McCoy has vowed to immediately retire if he wins Saturdays Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in their Champions Cup quarter-final. Mark McCall's side will now face Clermont Auvergne in the semi-finals. Saracens will play at St Etienne's Stade Geoffroy-Guichard on April 18.
Francis Saili will link up with Munster later this year. The 24-year-old currently plays for Auckland-based Super Rugby side the Blues. He has been capped twice by New Zealand and was part of the New Zealand Under-20 side that won the Junior World Championship in Italy in 2011.
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. George Ford and Stuart Hooper scored tries for the English side. Ian Madigan kicked six penalties for the Irish side. Anthony Watson hopes the pain of the defeat will help Bath in the Premiership.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004. He was joined by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn and his children. Vonn completed the family portrait with her flowing green dress matching Tiger's shirt. Woods' daughter, Sam, and son, Charlie, each wore green ballcaps and white caddie jumpsuits.
Jack Grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low on the field. The Aston Villa teenager says he'll carry on with the superstition. The Ireland Under 21 international wears children's shinpads. He made his first Premier League start against QPR on Tuesday night.
Tim Bresnan last played for England during the Ashes whitewash in 2013/14. The right-arm quick helped Yorkshire win the LV County Championship last season. Yorkshire go to Worcestershire on Apil 14 for the first match of their four-day title defence.
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill. Jonathan Trott (nought) and Gary Ballance (17) largely failed to do so, but BairstOW made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. Fans were invited to watch Roberto Martinez put his players through their paces for free. John Stones and Aaron Lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session at the club's megastore. The Toffees face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night. The Eagles have been targeted for a takeover by Josh Harris. But chairman Steve Parish wants to invest in Selhurst Park. He says the current set-up will allow manager Alan Pardew to bring in the desired summer transfer targets.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on April 19. Jack Grealish saw Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010. Villa lost 2-1 to Manchester United in the League Cup final and 3-0 to Chelsea in the semi-finals of the FA Cups. The 19-year-old winger made his first Premier League start against QPR.
Julian Speroni has agreed a 12-month contract extension with Crystal Palace. The 35-year-old will take his Palace career into a 12th season. The goalkeeper will have a testimonial against Dundee at the end of the season. Palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm Neteller ended their partnership.
Esteban Cambiasso gave Leicester City the lead in the 12th minute at the King Power Stadium. West Ham United equalised in the 32nd minute through Cheikhou Kouyate. Andy King scored a late winner for Nigel Pearson's side to keep their Premier League survival hopes alive.
Paul McShane has told his Hull team-mates it's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle. If Hull do go down, and their final fixtures suggest it is a distinct possibility, then this will be among the missed opportunities they regret the most. Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league.
Haris Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players on loan at Rangers. The 22-year-old admits he is uncertain over his future at St James' Park. But he says Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him go. Vucki has scored six goals in 10 games for the Gers so far.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner in England U21s memorable 3-2 victory over Germany. The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep for thinking of his goal on the night after the match. The talented midfielder has earned a reputation as a free-kick specialist at St Mary's. The former Portsmouth fan made his Southampton debut in 2011.
Joey Barton said West Brom's*** themselves' during defeat to QPR. The outspoken midfielder was commenting after West Brom surrendered a two-goal lead. QPR striker Charlie Austin scored a hat-trick to seal a 3-2 win. Tony Pulis believes Barton 'probably had a point' about the incident.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester City's biggest threat. Aguero has scored six times against United since he joined City in 2011. FalCao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season but is fully aware of what the derby means in the city. The Colombian striker says he is happy at United despite playing a bit-part role under Louis van Gaal.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in their European Champions Cup quarter-final. Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap. The comments came after his team lost on Sunday. Young said the English clubs simply can't compete when the leading Top 14 sides play to their potential, due to the disparity in budgets.
Tottenham Hotspur plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time. The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development. Having failed with an appeal earlier this year, their premises are beginning to be demolished. Spurs are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane on Saturday afternoon.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham Under 21s against Manchester United. The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season. Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season, snubbing interest from all of the Premier League's big guns.
Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in the Scottish Premiership terrible and argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. Gary Teale insists Deila's criticism was unjustified and unfair on the Paisley clubs award-winning groundsman, Tommy Docherty. Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 on Friday night.
Josh Harrop scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat West Ham United. The win takes them four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League. West Ham took a shock lead through Reece Oxford after just ten minutes. Harrop grabbed his first of the game to level the scores before Joe Rothwell capped an impressive turnaround minutes later.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership. But Deila believes that is an indictment rather than a boast. Teale hit back, saying: 'It's maybe a bit firm but it's an excellent surface' Celtic are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals for the first time in his career. Karim Benzema, who scored twice, hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' Ronaldo now has 24 La Liga hat-tricks - drawing level with Lionel Messi.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins. The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push. McCall is adamant he doesnt expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera scored his first goal for the club in the 43rd minute. Louis van Gaal said he was so pleased with Herrera's goal, he kissed him at half-time. The Dutchman said he had been imploring Herrera to control the ball before shooting.
England face the West Indies in a three-Test series that begins in Antigua on April 13. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place. England captain Alastair Cook made it clear last year that he did not want Pietersen in his side again.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa. The 24-year-old is set to attract interest should he continue his scoring streak. Wolfsburg have kept tabs on the Belgian since before he ruptured his Achilles 12 months ago and remain on the lookout for a striker.
Paolo Dybala has scored 13 Serie A goals this season. The 21-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Arsenal and Juventus have already approached Palermo with bids. Liverpool are also thought to be admirers of the Argentine forward.
Amir Khan enjoyed a day at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom in California. The Bolton-born boxer posed with a rare but dangerous white tiger. Khan also posed with stunning giraffes and sea lions at the adventure park. The 28-year-old will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30.
Carlo Ancelotti has his'six nations' available again, according to Marca. James Rodriguez, Toni Kroos, Gareth Bale, Cristiano Ronaldo and Luka Modric form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side. Mundo Deportivo splash about Lionel Messi's fitness, with the Argentine forward recovering from a foot problem.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour. Jose Mourinho didn't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to Japan. No final decision has been made on a destination but if a tour goes ahead, the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip.
John O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first tie was played. Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the midfielder. The 21-year-old will be available to play if Blackburn reach the semi-finals.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are capable of avoiding relegation. The Clarets are just three points off 15th place ahead of the weekend fixtures. Dyche's side face Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday in the Premier League. They then face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium in the FA Cup.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the second leg of their Coppa Italia semi-final on Wednesday, going down 2-1 on aggregate. The elimination came on top of a run of five Serie A matches without a win which has seen Napoli drop from third place to sixth. Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 114-88 on Thursday night. James' performance dealt his former team Miami's play-off hopes a massive blow. The 30-year-old also passed Patrick Ewing into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 to move half a game ahead of Memphis in the race for the No 2 seed in the West. Golden State Warriors beat Phoenix Suns 107-106 to extend winning run to 11 games.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night. Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Seasiders a lead. But Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed. Blackpool's winless run extended to 13 games with the draw.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. A controlled thick edge from the first ball of the day brought him an 11th boundary of the innings.
Liverpool travel to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the Champions League places. Defeat at the Emirates would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to Europe's elite for a second successive season. Rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash.
Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display. England bowled St Kitts out for 59, another returnee in Ben Stokes taking three wickets in five balls. England plan to use Stokes, who was left out of the World Cup after a dreadful run, as their all-rounder in this series.
Jacques Burger is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game. The 31-year-old will run out against Racing Metro on Sunday off the back of a performance against Harlequins at Wembley last Saturday. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall described Burger as 'unique among rugby players'
Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care where Chelsea win the Premier League. Chelsea lead the table by six points, with a game in hand, and face Stoke City at home on Saturday in the first of their final nine games of the season. Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against Stoke on Saturday despite the player suggesting he is feeling weary as the season reaches its climax. The Chelsea manager also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are not in the Champions League spots. A defeat could leave them eight points adrift of the top four with seven games to play. The statistics suggest victory at the Emirates is an unlikely scenario. Liverpool have won just one of their six games against the top-five.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March. The Arsenal striker netted five times in his side's four consecutive league wins. Giroud is the 16th French player to win the accolade in English top flight. Thierry Henry, Nicolas Anelka, Sylvain Wiltord, Robert Pires and Samir Nasri have all won the award while playing for Arsenal.
Liverpool vs Arsenal has produced the most hat-tricks in a single fixture in Premier League history. Robbie Fowler, Thierry Henry, Peter Crouch, Andrey Arshavin and Martin Skrtel have all scored trebles in this fixture. One more than has been netted in Newcastle United vs Manchester United games.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met YouTube star Bas van Velzen at Melwood. The Liverpool stars were led to believe that the Dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the Anfield stars. After a few rounds of action, however, it became clear that they were not dealing with a regular fan as Van Velzen showcased his skills.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead in the sixth minute at Portman Road. Kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for Bournemouth in the 82nd minute. Eddie Howe's side remain top of the Championship after the draw. Ipswich are unbeaten in seven games and sit second in the table.
Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sundays World Cup final win over New Zealand. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill, and a photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott. But Lehmann insisted Haddin was following team orders.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' who was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' Fowler came to his girlfriend's defence and responded to the troll that he'might want to get your facts straight before you talk to my girl friend like that'
Mark Wood is one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cooks squad who fly to the Caribbean on Thursday for a three-Test series against West Indies. The 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit, because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st, he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler.
Ian Bell has won five trophies with Warwickshire, including the the County Championship in 2004 and 2012. The 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals for England. He has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches. Bell departs for England's four-Test tour of West Indies on Thursday.
Younus was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. But the batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential touring party to Bangladesh. Cheteshwar Pujara will instead link up with the Division One champions - subject to receiving a work permit. The 27-year-old spent time at the back end of last season with Derbyshire.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Italian side Perugia for £3.5million in 1997. Negri scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox outfit. A series of injuries destabilised his career in Glasgow including a reserve match against Aberdeen on November 13, 2000. After hospital tests and treatment for what was perceived as a 'deep wound', Negri returned to action in the New Year to train with the reserve team where he suffered a shooting pain in his right knee and leg. Further scans at Ross Hall Hospital showed an inflammation of the shinbone and more worryingly that properties of his blood
Raheem Sterling started up front for Liverpool as Daniel Sturridge was only fit enough for the bench. Sterling struggled to impose himself on the game as he was crowded out by Arsenal players. He was brought down by Hector Bellerin for Liverpool's penalty, which was only a consolation. Sterling came to life in the last 20 minutes, winning the penalty scored by Jordan Henderson, 15 minutes from time.
Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following Connacht's clash with Gloucester on Friday night. The former All Blacks star was led away to a police van with the entire incident broadcasted live on TV. Details of the alleged incident are yet to be confirmed. Connacht released a statement late on Friday saying: 'Connacht Rugby will be making no further comment at this time as this is a legal matter'
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009. The former Celtic striker says he felt 'as good as dead' upon receiving the news. Hartson admits he used to be a drinker, a s****er and a gambler. He also admitted to having a gambling problem that he faced up to after beating cancer.
Leeds owner Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull have made a bid for the club. Cellino said majority shareholder Eleonora Sport were considering the offer. But Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of an offer. Red Bull already own three football clubs - RB Leipzig, Red Bull Salzburg and New York Red Bulls.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season. The midfielder was pictured in a newspaper article in 1992. Steve Heighway described the midfielder as 'outstanding' in the article. Gerrard has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood team. The former England captain is set to join LA Galaxy in the MLS.
A Brazilian online football store claims to have next season's Chelsea kit for sale on its website. The website has published three Chelsea kits with the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front, albeit without the Adidas emblem. But perhaps most bizarrely, or interestingly from the perspective of Chelsea supporters, the alleged new kit can be bought with 'Bale 9' on the back.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad this summer. But Darren Gough says there is only a slim chance of his friend adding to his tally of 104 Test match appearances when England start their Ashes series on the same ground. Gough believes Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call.
Manchester City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the title race. Manuel Pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the Champions League places. The fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play - at Crystal Palace on Monday - if results go against them.
David Villa posted a snap of his family enjoying the Empire State Building in New York. The former Barcelona forward has enjoyed a solid start in America, scoring once and helping his side to third place in the Eastern conference. New York's next game is away to the Philadelphia Union on April 11, who find themselves bottom of the Eastern Conference.
Kenny Dalglish says Harry Kane should not go to the Under-21 European Championship with England this summer. The Tottenham striker is eligible to play for Gareth Southgate's Young Lions. But the former Liverpool and Blackburn boss says he is ready to be a permanent member of Roy Hodgson's full squad. 'He proved that the other night against a defence which included two players from Italys best team, Juventus - he didnt look bad, did he?' he said.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday. The Gunners are seven points behind Chelsea in the Premier League. Arsene Wenger says his team will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title. But he insists they will be ready if Chelsea slip up.
Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay. Netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter Thursday; 'Gotta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning. If my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!' Then, seeing this tweet, dad Deion Sanders decided to have a little fun with his son, and give him a piece of his mind, writing back; 'You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund stop the hood stuff! Lololol. Son. #truth' A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people.
Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in Istanbul in 2000. A minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road on Saturday. Galatasaray striker Wesley Sneijder tweeted that his knife range is now available. He later deleted the tweet and apologised as supporters reacted angrily to the ill-timed endorsement.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday afternoon. Goals from Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez put the Gunners 3-0 ahead. Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a sumptuous strike in injury time.
Student Frenki Jung, 17, from Sambas in Borneo captured the hilarious images. He shot the super close-ups in his front garden at home. The tiny creature uses the poise of a circus performer or an American wrestler as it throws the centipede around.
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime Barclays Premier League clash. Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices. The cheapest tickets for the lunchtime kick-off were £64, some of the highest prices in the Premier League.
Agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center hire therapists to deal with analysts' trauma. In many cases, the therapists have watched the same material as their patients, five current and former intelligence officers told the Daily Beast. The content analysts watch is often violent, but it's'mostly' pornography.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. At first glance, the photo for The Beatles looks like a blurry picture of a young Paul McCartney. U2 is a bizarre mix of the Irish bunch, as is the Rolling Stones. And aside from a hint of Billy Joe Armstrong's eyeliner, Green Day also blend into something unrecognizable.
The Broward State Attorney's Office reported on Thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases, 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers. The arresting officers in the cases, which include burglary, cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm, are no longer on the police force. Jason Holding, James Wells and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale. were fired in March for 'department misconduct' Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created the video, resigned from the city's force in late January.
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease. He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province, which he lies on above a fire below. He claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body.
Pizza Plus Fried Chicken in Gillingham, Kent, had a mice infestation. Council inspectors also found filthy food preparation areas. Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven health and safety charges. He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs at court.
The Fenerbahce team bus came under armed attack on Saturday night. The bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital. The Turkish Football Federation released a statement condemning the attack. Fener general secretary Mahmut Uslu said on the club website the attack was'very wrong', saying: 'We came here to play sport, we came to play football'
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second for England. Jodie Taylor opened the scoring for the hosts after just a minute of play. Shanshan Wang pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute. England's World Cup campaign begins against France in Moncton in June.
Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford. It was Rooney's sixth goal in eight matches since being restored up front by manager Louis van Gaal. United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool who lost 4-1 to Arsenal.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side have a five-point cushion over the chasing pack. Wayne Rooney feels United are on course to qualify for the Champions League. United face Aston Villa on Saturday in their final game of the season. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Jose Mourinho says he talks to God every day, but never about football. The 52-year-old football manager said that he tries his best to separate his professional and his family life. Mourinho was fined £25,000 for claiming there was a 'campaign' against Chelsea after Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving.
A letter from Richie Benaud to an English fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on Friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964. The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer.
Cricket commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice after battling skin cancer. Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s. The flags at the Sydney Cricket Ground were flying at half mast on Friday following Benaud's death.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' with female voters. Polls suggest around 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to only 10% of women. He was forced to defend its 'blokeish' image under Nigel Farage.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week and has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season. Sterling said he was flattered by Arsenal's interest in signing him should he leave Liverpool this summer. Brendan Rodgers has criticised Sterlings advisor, suggesting that the player is being manipulated by outside forces.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a £400,000 flat in Fulham, London. The 33-year-old Mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck. Police have arrested a man, 23, in connection with her death but he has been bailed.
Chelsea beat Stoke 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard put Chelsea ahead from the penalty spot in the first half. Charlie Adam equalised for Stoke with an incredible strike from inside his own half shortly before half time. Asmir Begovic's error led to Loic Remy's winner in the second half.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation for taking a train from a coal mine and crashing it into another train last fall. He must also pay $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer. Brux was working at the North Antelope Rochelle Mine, where he had been employed as a utility coal operator for three years, when he received the phone call that upset him.
A letter from Richie Benaud to an English fan, Jonathon Stevenson, almost 20 years ago emerged on Friday in the wake of the cricket legend's death. Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964. The Australian cricketer and commentator passed away in his sleep on Thursday night in Sydney after battling skin cancer.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey. Police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process. His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four weeks remaining. Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play. Boro know if they keep winning, they cannot be caught. Their buffer over second-placed Bournemouth is a point with Watford, their opponents on Monday, and Norwich a point further back.
The piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters. The heartwarming clip shows the young animal taking unsteady steps, wobbling about with its snout to the ground. The piglet belongs to farmer, Ms Duan, from Qionglai City in Sichuan Province, south western China.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager. The 32-year-old will take charge for the first time against Fulham on Friday. Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby. Chairman David Sharpe said Caldwell was 'the only candidate we considered'
Toddler carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music. The video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after it was first featured on Jiangsu Satellite TV station in China this week. The toddler may have been performing the traditional dance of the Uyghur - a Turkic people originally from Central Asia.
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford in the 24th minute at Craven Cottage. Ross McCormack halved the deficit with a penalty in the 67th minute. Alan Judge scored a stunning free-kick in the 90th minute to make it 4-1 to Brentford. Jota completed the scoring in the dying moments of the game.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes Englands new director of cricket. Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace Paul Downton. Moores is sad to see the departure of the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the 'outstanding coach of his generation'
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game. Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. The Spain international is likely to miss Chelsea's upcoming Premier League matches against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United. Jose Mourinho threw Costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers revealed that the Italian had withdrawn himself from the squad to travel to Arsenal after taking a slight knock in training. The £16million striker would only have been a substitute against Arsenal and would even have been behind Daniel Sturridge.
Northampton were thrashed 37-5 by Clermont in the Champions Cup. The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career. 'It's one of the worst defeats I've experienced,' he said.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Signal Iduna Park. Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club. The Polish striker spent four years at Dortmund before leaving on a free transfer last summer. Pep Guardiola's side stretch their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to 10 points.
Rory McIlroy could become just the sixth man to win the Grand Slam at Augusta National on Sunday. The world No 1 has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport, says Paul McGinley. Winning at all costs and to hell with the consequences is just not his style, unlike Chelsea's ruthless manager.
Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta on Thursday. The 27-year-old finished one-under but it was his monster putt for eagle at the par-five 13th that he was tweeting about afterwards. His brother P J Willett also tweeted: Bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #Masters2015 debut. Whos living the dream?
Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals Hearts. Rangers lined up to applaud Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago, and Queen of the South and Alloa did the same. Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. The Hammers boss has a meeting with co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan in May to discuss his future at the club. West Ham face Stoke City in the Premier League on Saturday. Click here for more West Ham United news.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan during the first round of the Masters. Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. Erik Compton drew a picture of himself playing at Augusta during his younger years. 2014 Masters champion Bubba Watson remains in the hunt to win the Masters after a respectable 71.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground. Immediately Blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters. The seven-time major champion has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder. Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters on Thursday. Nicklaus has a record six Masters wins, Palmer four and Player three. They have 13 victories at Augusta between them.
Natasha Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games. The Liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she took on eventual gold medallist Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012. Jonas, a former world and European bronze medalist, said: 'It just felt like the right time to retire'
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 in the Miami Open semifinal. The No 1-seeded Serbian is aiming to win his fifth Key Biscayne title. He will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final, who beat Tomas Berdych. Murray won the championship in 2009 and 2013 and was the runner-up in 2012.
Mauricio Pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in England just over two years ago. He is also becoming the manager for whom young Englishmen wish to play, as exclusive research by The Mail on Sunday proves. Four of his young Tottenham players  Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker  all played for England.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. The pair have been trying to find a winning formula for the next race in China. Sebastian Vettel beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admitted he was surprised by Vettel's victory.
The German Grand Prix has been scrapped from the 2015 schedule. Bernie Ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix. F1 races have started to move away from Europe towards lucrative venues in the Middle East. Former world champion Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential races' to remain unchanged.
Lewis Hamilton attended Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in 2008. The British racer wanted to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith. Hamilton said he was rushing to meet Smith when he stepped on Clinton's foot. The 30-year-old said he didn't even apologise for the embarrassing incident.
High winds damaged a section of the Silverstone motor racing circuit's roof. Images on social media appeared to show a section had been removed. Silverstone sporting director Stuart Pringle insists upcoming races will not be affected by the damage. The site 'looks a bit of a mess at the moment' but 'the damage is largely cosmetic', says Pringle.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of the May edition of Men's Health. The two-time Formula One world champion discusses the significance of his personal body art. The Mercedes racer leads the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season. Hamilton believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans.
Jason Robinson was a heavy drinker during his early days at Wigan. The 40-year-old scored for England in the 2003 World Cup final victory against Australia. Robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage. He credits then team-mate and Samoa star Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Zimbabwe are willing to tour Pakistan for five one-day internationals. Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009. No test playing nation has toured Pakistan due to security concerns since gunmen attacked the bus carrying Sri Lankan cricketers as they travelled to Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore.
Tim Sherwood was sacked as Tottenham Hotspur boss at the end of last season. The 46-year-old has revealed he is still in touch with chairman Daniel Levy. Sherwood believes Mauricio Pochettino deserves credit for playing young players at White Hart Lane. The Villa boss takes his side to north London to face Spurs on Saturday.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension. Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs. A-Rod received a warm welcome on his comeback, with fans even holding up signs that read 'Forgive' in the crowd.
Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title. Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship. Durham don't have the strength to carry the title off, says Butcher.
Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon. Sean Dyche's side would have escaped the bottom three had they won. Spurs' hopes of a top-four spot look to have evaporated. Burnley defender Michael Duff was satisfied with a point.
Jordan Henderson lost the ball 23 times in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal. John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Steven Caulker made 20 clearances against West Bromwich Albion. Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner in their 2-1 victory over Stoke.
Nedum Onuoha is one of several players poised to leave QPR. The 28-year-old has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly under Chris Ramsey. Hull City are also showing interest in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe who is likely to be sold this summer.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time against Burnley. The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania. He also made his first start for the national team against Italy. Kane said: 'It has been an unbelievable couple of weeks and one I won't forget for the rest of my career'
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at Sheffield United at the end of the season. The Italy Under 20 international is on loan at Northampton Town. Benfica and Juventus are interested in the forward. Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns. Bobby Zamora, Eduardo Vargas, Charlie Austin and Joey Barton scored for QPR. Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for Tony Pulis' side in the 58th minute. Youssouff Mulumbu was sent off for a foul on QPR captain Barton.
Andy King scored his 50th goal for Leicester City against West Ham. The 26-year-old says his goal against the Hammers may be his most important yet. Leicester remain at the foot of the Premier League table. Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask'
Neil Taylor is wanted by West Bromwich Albion. Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old left back. Tony Pulis is keen for Taylor to fill in at left back, where he has struggled since he took charge at the Hawthorns. Taylor has been an ever-present in Swansea's side this season.
Leicester beat West Ham 2-1 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Esteban Cambiasso scored the opening goal of the game in the 12th minute. Nigel Pearson said the 34-year-old was his man of the match. The Foxes remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table.
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head on Monday. Match officials took no action during the game, which finished in a goalless draw. The disciplinary committee of the Danish FA found Agger guilty having reviewed video footage. Agger rejoined Brondby, who are fourth in the league table on 35 points, from Liverpool last August.
James Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season. Tomkins dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. 'Hopefully it will not set me back and I will be able to play a couple of games,' he said on whufc.com. 'I'm preparing myself mentally that I won't play again this season, so if I come back earlier then it's a bonus'
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers. The 22-year-old has one year left on his contract at St James' Park. He has denied a report on Tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit St James Park, where he has a year left.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and the apparent king of the crossbar, Christian Eriksen. The adage 'Close but no cigar' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards. Kane's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark and won a big cheer.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough. The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys. But Deila explained that they have picked up the results and they are now in the Premiership top four.
Real Madrid have appealed against the yellow card shown to Cristiano Ronaldo for diving in the penalty area during their 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday.
Jeremy Peace is ready to shelve the sale of West Bromwich Albion if a deal is not in place by July. The West Brom chairman has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia. Peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between £150million to £200m but does not want a drawn out saga interfering with the club's plans for next season.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Rio Ferdinand believes Louis van Gaal's decision to return Wayne Rooney to his favoured attacking role has led to United's upturn in performance levels. Ferdinand also praised the return to form and fitness of Ander Herrera, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal on average every 91 minutes this season. The Crystal Palace frontman has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the top flight. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals in the race to finish as this season's top scorer but rank fourth and fifth respectively. Papiss Cisse and Olivier Giroud have had their seasons interrupted by injury.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee in Limerick next weekend. The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio. Quillin has been out of the ring for 12 months since his last title defence. The 31-year-old took a sabbatical to deal with the emotions of welcoming his first child into the world, while seeing his uncle unsuccessfully battle cancer.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 to leapfrog Valencia in La Liga. Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season. Saul Niguez doubled Atletico's lead in the 39th minute. Valencia can reclaim third spot with a win at home to Villarreal on Sunday.
Alan Pardew believes he is better than many of the Premier League's big-name managers. The Crystal Palace boss has no immediate plans to leave Selhurst Park. The Eagles have won six out of 10 league games since the start of the year. CLICK HERE for all the latest Crystal Palace news.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could rematch in under six weeks after the pair reignited their war of words at a London press conference on Thursday. The pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on November 29 with British, Commonwealth and European middleweight champions Saunders handing his rival his first career defeat. Now the duo are both set to fight at Wembley Arena on May 9 but not against each other.
Ander Herrera scored a brace as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1. The Spaniard has established himself in Louis van Gaal's first team plans. Herrera was barely sighted between October 20 and February 17. He started just three of the 21 games Manchester United played in that period.
Ander Herrera opened the scoring before half time for Manchester United. Wayne Rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side. Herrera added his second and United's third late on to secure the three points.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side are still in the Barclays Premier League drop zone. But they are just three points behind fellow strugglers Aston Villa. QPR are just a point behind 17th-placed Sunderland.
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason Gavern in the third round on Saturday night. Joshua dropped Gavern twice in the second round and twice in third on his way to victory. Gavern was fighting for the 50th time as a professional but his experience counted for little. Joshua will now face the toughest test of his career when he takes on Kevin Johnson next month.
Rangers winger David Templeton spoke out about his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to Templeton after the winger criticised the training-ground methods deployed by the manager's predecessors. McCall also had words of warning for skipper Lee McCulloch, claiming his red card could cost him his place in the Ibrox line-up.
Dereck Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting Tyson Fury at London's ExCeL Arena in November. The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title and Fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap. 'Del Boy' has been back in the gym for the past month and is hoping to make his return to the ring during the summer. His promoter Frank Warren is plotting a route towards an all-English showdown with David Price.
Dave King has moved closer to becoming Rangers chairman. Court of Session cleared him to return as a director of the club. The South African-based businessman hopes the SFA will pass him as fit and proper in the final stage of approval. King won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the Rangers boardroom at the clubs pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points clear of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League. But the Dutchman has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured. United face Manchester City in the derby on Sunday.
Xavi has managed just five starts in 21 games since the turn of the year. The 35-year-old has been linked with a move to Al Sadd in Qatar. Barcelona manager Luis Enrique insists Xavi has a vital role to play in the club's hunt for the treble. The La Liga leaders face Alemria on Wednesday.
Fabian Orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the Spanish football federation. The Celta Vigo forward was shown a straight red card for throwing grass at Sergio Busquets during Barca's 1-0 victory over Celta on Sunday. The lump of turf struck the Barcelona midfielder on the back of the neck. The incident happened during the closing stages of the match.
Borussia Dortmund have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Jurgen Klopp's men face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday. Dortmund have scored a disappointing 34 goals in 27 games in the Bundesliga. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang leads the goal scoring charts with 18 in all competitions.
Franck Ribery turned down a move to Real Madrid in 2009. The Frenchman says he was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi is to Barcelona. The 32-year-old has won four Bundesliga titles as well as a Champions League during his time with the German giants.
Antonio Di Natale played with Alexis Sanchez for five years at Udinese. The former Italy forward says Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had. Di Natal says the Arsenal forward is better than Neymar. The 37-year-old says Sanchez's work ethic is the secret behind his success.
Roma beat Napoli 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday. A banner taunting the mother of a Napoli fan who died after violent clashes last year caused outcry. The banners were'provocatively insulting' to Antonella Leardi. Roma's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be part closed for game against Atalanta.
Malky Mackay was sensationally sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday. Alan Stubbs is currently embroiled in a promotion battle with Hibs. Stubbs' No2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff at the DW Stadium before the German was sacked in November. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
Juventus defeated Fiorentina 2-1 to progress to the Coppa Italia final. Alessandro Matri, Roberto Pereyra and Leonardo Bonucci scored for Massimiliano Allegri's side. Alvaro Morata was sent off for a clumsy challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Juventus will now face either Napoli or Lazio in the final.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have watched the defender. Toner captains Villa's Under-21 team at the age of just 18. Tim Sherwood is keen to develop Villa's young talent.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 at the Paisley Stadium on Friday night. Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Deila said Scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there isnt a drastic improvement in our pitches.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night. Stefan Johansen scored the second goal from the penalty spot. The win takes the Hoops eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top. Ronny Deila's side have only lost one league game this year.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week. The Northern Irishman is bidding to become the sixth player to win all four majors at the age of 25. Gary Player says McIlory will be an 'absolute superstar' if he wins the tournament.
Rory McIlroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam at Augusta National. World No 1 is ranked 111th in the world at present. The Northern Irishman has hit the par five 13th fairway just four times in 22 attempts in competition. Phil Mickelson will be another player who had to wait until the age of 33 to win his first Masters.
Rory McIlroy is the favourite to win the Masters next week. The world No 1 grew up watching Tiger Woods as he grew up in Northern Ireland. Woods is one of only five players to have won the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open. Rory's rise from child prodigy to world's best has been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by Nike.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15. The 23-year-old looked particularly out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win at Celta Vigo. Barcelona can stretch their lead over second-placed Real Madrid to seven points with a win against Almeria. Luis Enrique's side are through to the last eight of the Champions League.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. The 39-year-old has never won a strokeplay event on US soil. He admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled. But he has already written his rags-to-riches story, from assistant club professional to super-rich superstar.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored for Palace. Sergio Aguero scored a late consolation goal for City. Manuel Pellegrini believes Palace's first goal was clearly offside. City are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Saturday. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute. Neymar has failed to score in his last four games for Barcelona. Former Manchester United midfielder Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during the La Liga encounter.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The Scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned Blues goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort. Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside the Stoke half. The 29-year-old later said: 'I never knew I had that much power, to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special'
Chelsea captain John Terry has hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players. The Belgian international inspired the Blues to a 2-1 win over Stoke. Diego Costa looks set to miss at least two weeks after suffering a hamstring injury. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from clubs including Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season.
Darren Bent gave Derby the lead from the penalty spot in the 45th minute. Watford's Marco Motta was sent off just before the half-time break for a foul on Johnny Russell. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 57th minute with a stunning strike. Odion Ighalo scored a late equaliser to secure a point for Watford.
Dundee United lost 2-0 to Celtic in the Scottish League Cup on Wednesday. Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games in all competitions. Manager Jackie McNamara is under pressure following his side's slump. McNamara sold star players Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic on transfer deadline day.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. The forward's representatives have been made aware of Tottenham's interest. The 25-year-old fits into Mauricio Pochettino's plans to sign young and hungry players who can fit into his high-tempo style of play.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship. Cavani admits he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the Sweden international. The PSG forward has reiterated his frustration at being shoehorned into a front three.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match in Clermont's 37-5 win over Northampton. The former Bath full back scored one try and had a hand in two others. Abendano won the last of his two caps for England back in 2007. The 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad.
Paul Casey has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour in January to concentrate on his game. The 37-year-old last played in the Ryder Cup competition in the 2008 defeat by USA at Valhalla. Only Tour members can play on the team and Phoenix-based Casey gave up his membership after deciding to focus on the PGA Tour.
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer. Harry Redknapp says Sterling should focus on his football rather than his contract. The former QPR boss insists Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham can still qualify for the Champions League. Tottenham are seven points behind Manchester City with just seven games remaining. The 21-year-old became the youngest Premier League captain this season during the drab goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. Kane and Burnley striker Danny Ings will both be handed spots in Gareth Southgate's Under 21 Euros squad.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham. Sherwood would sit for hours with Ramsey and Les Ferdinand in the staff canteen. The trio formed an alliance after Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy made Sherwood responsible for the club's youth and Under 21 programmes in 2008. Whatever happens between Sherwood's Aston Villa and Ramsey's Queens Park Rangers, the three men will remain firm friends.
Raheem Sterling has not yet signed a new contract at Liverpool. Sterling suggested he was considering his future in an interview last week. But Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling has never said he wants to leave the club. Rodgers says Sterling is focused on playing for Liverpool for the rest of the season.
Jose Mourinho says he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club. Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with Liverpool. Chelsea are interested in the 20-year-old and have been asked to be kept updated on his future. Arsenal are also keen on the England international. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling is not for sale this summer.
Raheem Sterling rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool this week. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the winger. Michael Owen, like Sterling, started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid in 2004. But he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital.
A tour guide in the Australian outback shows tourists how it's done. He lies down on his back and kicks his legs in the air to lure a mob of emus. The inquisitive birds come close to see what's going on, then scatter. The manoeuvre is thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu.
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March. Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in March to earn the award. Wenger inspired Arsenal to four victories from four games in the Premier League. Arsenal sit third in the table, seven points behind Chelsea.
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old gave an interview to the BBC on Wednesday giving his reasons for his decision. Sterling has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers - including as a striker and at wing back.
Raheem Sterling is within his rights to get the best possible deal he can for himself, according to Roy Keane. The 20-year-old has an agent, in Aidy Ward, who is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients. The approach he is employing here is not exactly endearing Sterling to anyone. Liverpool do not have the financial muscle of a City or a Chelsea and could yet result in them losing Sterling.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove. Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script. Played out by two actresses, the script was read aloud as dialogue.
Twin 18-month-old boys were pronounced dead at a hospital after being pulled from a canal in Arizona. The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona. Detectives investigating the case believe the boys ended up in the canal by accident and don't suspect foul play. The area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers.
Paul Sturrock was appointed as Yeovil Town manager on Thursday. The 58-year-old spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay. The Glovers were relegated for the second consecutive time on his first day in charge. They drew 1-1 with fellow strugglers Notts County on Saturday.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the  U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas. Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath.
Mark O'Meara made the cut at the Masters for the first time in 10 years. The 1998 champion was one over after the first round but carded a 68 on day two. The 58-year-old American is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson (65) and Ben Crenshaw (63)
Premier League champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the Bank Holiday evening clash at Selhurst Park. Palace's South London home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start. However, after being sent on their way from the Etihad Stadium at 1.30pm by City legend Mike Summerbee, all of those onboard the six coaches missed the kick-off. Some complained that Summerbee's send-off had gone on for too long.
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007. The agents expect bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $3.5 million.
Stunning shots make up the short-list for the WisdenMCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014. The competition's winning image was taken by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by West Indies player Dwayne Bravo. But portraits of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Robbie Fowler is celebrating his 40th birthday with FIFA 15 Ultimate Team. The former Liverpool and Leeds striker has named his dream team. Fowler has named a XI from players who featured during his era. The England legend has also named a goalkeeper and a wing-back. Click here for more FIFA 15 news.
Gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows. Police believe they used three tractors and trailers to transport the rubbish. The rubbish includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries. PC Mark Bryant, rural crime officer, said it is the worst case of flytipping he's seen in 28 years.
Cody got stuck in the bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday. Fire crews spent an hour and a half trying to free the distressed animal. Cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety. Borough Commander for Bexley Richard Welch said: 'One thing is certain that it wont be running in the Grand National tomorrow'
leaflet told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in green bins. But footnote said: 'This is not recyclable' Residents in Stratford district were named among best recyclers in England. The recycling rate of just over 59 per cent for 2013/14 put Stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide.
Perth Glory supporters, who set off a series of flares, will face the prospect of a five year ban after the club slumped to a 3-0 defeat to Sydney FC. Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares during which a 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg. The incident follows as Glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap over a three-year period.
Everton midfielder Darron Gibson will not play again this season after damaging his metatarsal. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape. Martinez has admitted Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved in Saturday's trip to Swansea owing to a hamstring injury.
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17. His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language. Police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat in Wembley. The imam, described as 'the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet', had gun wounds to the chest. He was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace, the An-Noor mosque in Acton, West London. He had been replaced at the mosque by Hassan Anyabwile from Trinidad and Tobago, who is named in a report on an attempted coup d'état in 1990.
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. Everton manager Roberto Martinez expects him to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery. Gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months, not least when he ruptured cruciate ligaments. Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters. The 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things by the likes of Rory McIlroy. Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and then the British Amateur Championship last year.
Danny Willett carded a one-under 71 during his first ever round at Augusta National. The 27-year-old Englishman was left frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight during his round. Willett, a two-time European Tour winner, is playing in his first Masters.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National. The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par. 'It was a great learning experience but very tough,' said the 2014 Amateur champion, who played with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric organ with her nose. Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool. After a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway as a stretch of the motorway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent was closed. But during the hour-long delay today, Kent Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about. Police tweeted warning motorists to remain inside their vehicles.
Rory McIlroy is seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth. The world No 1 is scheduled to go out in the penultimate group with Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at 6.48pm (BST) on Friday. The Northern Irishman recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 in the first round.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says the team will just keep calm and carry on. Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix last year on his way to the title.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the final of the Miami Open. The British No1 beat Tomas Berdych in straight sets in the semi-final. Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The 27-year-old has lost nine out of his last 10 matches against the Serb.
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed Richie Gray will be sold to the highest bidder if Castres are relegated from the Top 14. Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down. The 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in February after suffering an upper-arm injury in the Six Nations defeat by Wales.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby. Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend. Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints.
Tom Croft has signed a new deal with Leicester despite his injury troubles. The England flanker suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers victory over Newcastle and, after surgery, he was left facing six months of rehabilitation. In 2012, the 29-year-old suffered a broken neck and he missed most of last season with a knee injury.
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury by signing a new one-year contract extension. He missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April. The former England Under-19 international had to undergo an ankle operation.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges. Reports emerged on social media on Thursday afternoon suggesting the Newcastle United owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks. Sports Direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous Gers board in January. Dave King's new regime have promised a speedy investigation.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third. Ferrari technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will win in China. Allison is not expecting back-to-back Ferrari wins this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Formula One news.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time since November 23, 2013. The last time this had happened United sat sixth on 20 points, one ahead of then ninth-placed City after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign. Following City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night they now trail Louis van Gaal's side by a point ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby. United have only sat above City twice - in the post Sir Alex Ferguson era - having played the same games.
Cristiano Ronaldo was booked during Real Madrid's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. The Portuguese forward appeared to have been brought down by Antonio Amaya inside the box. Real immediately decided to appeal the yellow card for their star forward. That appeal has now been successful and Ronaldo will start against Eibar.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with United. The Argentine forward has hailed fellow South American Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby. Aguero was speaking at the #HeadtoHead event for Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3'
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia final. They will now face Juventus in the final on June 7. Defender Mauricio captured the Lazio fans celebrations using a selfie stick. Lazio face Empoli in Serie A on Sunday.
Hector Bellerin has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona. The 20-year-old right back left the Catalan giants four years ago. Barca fans are keen for the Spaniard to return to the Nou Camp. PSG and Man United are interested in signing Dani Alves. Click here for more Arsenal news.
James Rodriguez is 'worth his weight in gold' according to Spanish newspaper Marca. The 23-year-old has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season. AS focus on Real Madrid's appeal against Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win against Rayo Vallecano.
Eden Hazard believes Chelsea have the Premier League title in their grasp. Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner in Saturday's 2-1 win over Stoke which saw the Blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the standings. Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain beat Saint Etienne 4-1 in their Ligue 1 semi-final on Wednesday. The 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in less than three years in the French capital. He now trails only former Portugal forward Pedro Pauleta in the all-time record books. Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on penalties in the German Cup. Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery. Robben is out for around two months with a stomach muscle tear. RiberY is doubtful for the Champions League quarter-final tie against Porto.
David Luiz suffered a torn hamstring in PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille on Sunday. The 27-year-old will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury. Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun.
The 2015 Indian Premier League begins on April 8 and ends on May 24. Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round India. The final will take place at Eden Gardens in Kolkata, with Chennai Super Kings looking to win their third title. Sportsmail tells you all you need to know about the tournament.
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villas stars icing on the cake players QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening. Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury suffered at West Bromwich Albion.
Christian Benteke's hat-trick secured a vital point for Aston Villa in a thrilling game against relegation rivals QPR. Matt Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key to Chris Ramsey's side. Charlie Austin produced when it mattered to take his Premier League tally to 17.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all start for Arsenal Under 21s. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night in a U21 Premier League clash. Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up, alongside a host of promising youngsters including Dan Crowley.
Liam Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009. The ride on former Welsh National winner Monbeg Dude was available because his two regular jockeys, Tom Scudamore and Paul Carberry have already got rides.
Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by this winter's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm. Cook has had a taste already of what is to come in three Caribbean Tests this month and then a decidedly awkward assignment at home to New Zealand. England will try this summer to regain the Ashes lost 5-0 under his captaincy in 2013-14.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from a number of Premier League clubs. The Lyon frontman's father Mohamed believes a move to Arsenal would benefit the 21-year-old, rather than a switch to Manchester City. Fekirs' family were reportedly disappointed with City's attempts to sign him.
Kevin Pietersen has lashed out at Graham Gooch for commenting on his attempted England comeback. Gooch appeared on BBC Radio Five Live and took a broadly supportive stance of Pietersen, who has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return. The 34-year-old Pietersen wants to end his England absence that started after the 2013-14 Ashes whitewash.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s. Steve Gatting's young Gunners take on Stoke City at the Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night. Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also set to take part alongside a talented crop of youngsters, including Dan Crowley.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday evening. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute. Celta striker Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card for throwing a lump of grass in the direction of Sergio Busquets.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to win an England recall. The 34-year-old has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013. Incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help. Pietersen will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval. Blues boss Jose Mourinho was happy to gamble with Costa's fitness. Eden Hazard scored and assisted in the same Premier League match for the seventh time. Cesc Fabregas and Loic Remy scored for Chelsea in the 2-1 win.
Manchester City have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows. The Premier League champions were punished by UEFA for breaching financial fairplay regulations. Manuel Pellegrini is hoping that the restrictions will be lifted at the end of this season. The club want to sign Raheem Sterling, Gareth Bale, Kevin de Bruyne and Ross Barkley this summer.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to claim her second ANA Inspiration crown after a dramatic end to the LPGA's opening major of the year in California. The 29-year-old carded a brilliant eagle on the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 and move level with fellow American Lewis on nine under par. Former champion Lewis could still have claimed the win herself when, playing in the final group, she had a chance to birdie the last but her effort from 10 feet sneaked past on the low side.
Steve McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle at the end of the season. Burnley boss Sean Dyche has impressed in the Premier League this season. Derby want Dyche to replace McClaren, regardless of which division they are in. Derby's average home gate of 29,000 is 10,000 more than Burnley's at Turf Moor.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since joining on loan from Aston Villa in January. The 31-year-old could still return to Villa in the summer even after his contract is allowed to run down at the club. Bent was out of favour with sacked manager Paul Lambert and Rams boss Steve McClaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out. Their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park. The pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in Birmingham. A second win on the road at West Bromwich Albion on Saturday means QPR can go above Villa with three points on Tuesday night.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are now eight points behind Manchester United. But Jordan Henderson is not ready to give up on Champions League hopes. Liverpool face Blackburn in an FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Aston Villa host QPR in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood admits he does not have the players to grind out results. Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if QPR win. Sherwood faces his friend and former Tottenham assistant, QPR boss Chris Ramsey, for the first time since they both left Spurs last summer.
Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal in QPR's 3-3 draw at Aston Villa. Chris Ramsey's side are still in the relegation zone but Hill believes other teams will be worried about them. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above water in the Premier League.
Sean Dyche has been tipped to replace Steve McClaren at Derby. The Clarets are currently second from bottom in the Premier League. Dyche says he is enjoying life at Turf Moor and is not looking further afield. The Burnley boss cannot believe some Arsenal fans are calling for Arsene Wenger to be sacked.
Chris Ramsey believes Tim Sherwood will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. QPR boss Ramsey and Sherwood worked together at Tottenham. The pair live within 10 minutes of each other and will share words in advance. Ramsey's side beat West Brom 4-1 at the Hawthorns on Saturday. A second win in Birmingham in four days would send QPR above Villa on goal difference.
QPR were held to a 3-3 draw by Aston Villa at Villa Park. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick for the hosts. Matt Phillips had given QPR the lead in the first half. Tony Fernandes was watching the game from afar on his iPhone. The QPR chairman spoke of his despair and pride.
The 20-year-old has been released without charge after being questioned by police on suspicion of a sexual offence Wallace has been loaned out to Fluminense and Inter Milan since he signed for Chelsea in January 2013. The Brazilian defender was with Vitesses squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club.
Eight clubs still have a chance of claiming one of the two automatic promotion places, even with just five games left to play of the regular season. And then there are the play-offs  notoriously hard to call but surely even more so this season given the fine margins. Regardless of who goes up though, there have been some stellar individual performances this season that will no doubt have attracted top flight attention. Here are eight players that could well be playing in the top flight next season regardless of whether their club goes up or not.
Melissa Wilson and her team-mates are on the brink of making history. On Saturday, at the 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race, the womens crews will battle the same Thames course as the men, who will follow an hour later. After decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators, they get equal billing. Wilson, 21, said: I remember when I was 14 watching with my dad and my brother and saying Are there going to be women on?"
John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011. Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA for 'using abusive language related to colour' Terry was stripped of the England captaincy amid the fall-out, and subsequently announced his retirement from international football. QPR fans can be expected to remind him of what happened.
The Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were rescued from the Thames by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox. The conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves that poured over the boat's riggers.
Wasps will appeal against the three-week ban issued to Nathan Hughes. The club have said in a statement they will appeal on the grounds the incident that left Northampton wing George North unconscious was an accident. With the hearing scheduled to be held next Friday, it means Hughes can not be reprieved in time to face the reigning European champions in Toulon this weekend.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are just one booking away from suspension. The duo would miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United. But Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists the pair will start against QPR. Mourinho is unwilling to look beyond Sunday's London derby at Loftus Road.
Leeds extended their unbeaten run against the Tigers to six matches. Joel Moon scored his first try of the season for the Rhinos. Ryan Hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career. Adam Cuthbertson then crossed for a try his performance deserved.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. The Wales and Lions wing has been removed from the firing line by his club following his third alarming head injury in the space of two months. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try last Friday night.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8. Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull, with tries from Kevin Brown and Patrick Ah Van unable to prevent Widnes from falling to a fifth away defeat out of five.
George North has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months playing for Northampton. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines if specialist consultants are not convinced that he is ready to return to action.
Jacob Fairbank fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage. The 25-year-old was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday. Huddersfield Giants managing director Richard Thewlis described it as 'another bad blow for Bobby who remains one of our most popular squad members'
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up for the first Test in Basseterre. Trott looks set to open the batting with Alastair Cook in Antigua. Captain Cook and Ian Bell looked in fluent touch as they retired on 43. England will leave St Kitts and head toAntigua for first Test on Monday.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott put on 158 for the first wicket in St Kitts. Ben Stokes took three wickets for 10 in an impressive spell with the ball. England dominated the day, dismissing a modest St Kitt's & Nevis XI for a paltry 59.
Richie Benaud, 84, died on Friday after a long battle with skin cancer. He revealed last year that he had skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. The cricket legend said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. Benaud said he had never worn head gear as a young player because he had been influence by legendary all rounder Keith Miller. 'When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap,' Benaud told the Nine Network. 'I wish I had'
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Loic Remy scored the winner for Jose Mourinho's side at Stamford Bridge. The striker also netted the winner against Hull before the international break. Mourinho praised Remy's professionalism and scoring ability. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Louis Smith, 25, is a medal-winning Olympic gymnast and Strictly Come Dancing champion. Shares endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram. Mostly taken between the pine door of his stone wall bathroom and a large mirror. 'Im just sharing my physique,' the athlete said of his snaps.
Tottenham are confident Kyle Walker has not broken his foot. There were fears the England defender may have fractured his right foot after a collision with Kieran Trippier at Burnley. Results from the scan have shown up heavy bruising, but no fracture. More tests are planned this week.
Cameron Thomas Philp graffitied and spat on the side of a police forensics van in 2013. A forensic officer swabbed the spit and swiftly located Philp from his DNA. Mr Philp fronted Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday and pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property.
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. Im a strong, independent woman, she says in a new interview to promote her role as Mulberrys new muse. Miss Bonas dated Prince Harry for two years until last April when they broke up, reportedly over a disagreement about the costs of attending Harry's friend's wedding.
Kevin Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 after agreeing a new deal with Surrey. The 34-year-old is determined to restart his Test career after he was sacked in February 2014. Chris Tremlett believes England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Downton's departure opens the door for controversial batsman Pietersen's return.
Michael Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as director of England cricket. The role was abolished with Paul Downton's sacking on Wednesday. The 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ECB, preferring to focus on his media profile and business interests. Former England captain Alex Stewart has also put his hat into the ring.
Arsene Wenger has won the Premier League Manager of the Month award 14 times. The Frenchman won the award in March 1998 and April 2002. Sir Alex Ferguson won 27 of the gongs during his time at Manchester United. Jose Mourinho has won three, but not as many as former Wimbledon boss Joe Kinnear.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Paul Downton. The early bookies favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves. Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey.
Chris Ramsey has lost six out of his seven games in charge of QPR. Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will move for Ramsey if he leaves. Sherwood also wishes Darren Bent was still at Villa for the season climax. The striker has hinted he could be interested in reviving his Villa career.
Francis Coquelin has thrived in Arsenal's midfield since returning from loan at Championship side Charlton earlier in the season. The 23-year-old is not shy of putting in a robust challenge on opponents as he adds steel to the Gunners' midfield. The midfielder is determined to prove himself at Arsenal and hold down his place in the starting XI.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, was pulled over in South Carolina. Says he used empty median lane to access left turn lane, which was full. Moments later, he was stopped by 'Caucasian officer' for 'improper use of median' Says he was given a warning and both him and the cop went their respective ways. Footage was filmed minutes later and posted on Facebook, where it has been viewed 1.7million times. Comes days after Michael Slager was arrested for murder for allegedly shooting Water Scott, 50, five times in the back as he was running
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint, Idaho. The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, 44-year-old Shane, following threats she made to kill herself. While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade. Officers Michael Valenzuela, 27 and Skyler Ziegler,
The couple have been named as Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44. Neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couples 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on Saturday. The couple had been together for 13 years.
Courtney Blackwell, at Northwestern University in the US, found that, in tests, kindergarten children who shared iPads in classes over an academic year significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no iPads or in which each student had their own device. Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher in a test than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users.
Dr Seuss fans flock to Alaska to visit this 12-cabin-high structure that looks like one of his illustrations. This towering structure was once a two-story home, built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. The owner wanted to be able to see the idyllic valley over the tall trees around their cabin.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Phillips was taken to the infield care center for treatment where he has received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released.
Four-seater Cessna came down on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg. The male pilot is believed to have died in the crash, and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital. One man, believed to be co-piloting the plane, is in a'serious condition'
Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations. The Manchester City captain claims they protect the established order. City were deemed to have breached FFP regulations last season. The Premier League champions were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season. City are debt-free thanks to the vast wealth of owner Sheikh Mansours heavy personal investment.
John Axford has been placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies. His son Jameson, 2, was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment. Jameson had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue. Axford said the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. But delegates from the country including Khaled Abdel Aziz, Egyptian Minister of Youth and Sports, stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance. A spokesman for the Egyptian Football Association confirmed that members left the venue.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City but United hit back. The win all-but ended City's Premier League title hopes.
More than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in one London pub. One man in the Lord Nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman. Three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction. Another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant.
Manchester City beat Manchester United 1-0 in the Premier League derby. Sergio Aguero scored his first goal for City since February against Barcelona. Louis van Gaal's side finished with 10 men after Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf. James Milner threw an energy pouch on the touchline after being substituted.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. Poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the Russian operated Camp Barneo first caused an aborted landing. The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway. Moody, 36, said: 'We didn't know anything was wrong'
Hibernian beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby at Easter Road. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored the goals for the hosts. Alan Stubbs' side are now level on points with Rangers in the Championship. Stubbs said his players had answered those who asked if they had the bottle to win.
Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it. The private service for Benaud, who died on Friday aged 84, will take place this week. The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. A veteran of 63 Test matches, Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s.
Diane Blankenship, 45, is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in December last year. In a later incident, the 'clerical worker' at Dayspring Academy in Tampa, Florida, allegedly had sex with another student at his house before school. Detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims.
The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. The jury recognised Gittoes 'for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world' and for 'enlisting the arts to subdue aggression' He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park in Christchurch, New Zealand. It shows the lions interacting with the visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car. A number of the lions are fed directly through the metal bars, while others receive meat dropped from the back of the cage.
Two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. Police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of the attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head. A 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer. Police are currently investigating whether the party was advertised on social media.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Tecomba, Melbourne. The men filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. However they struggled to fit their loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway. They are all wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments in the area.
The crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane. Both pilots involved in the crash were students. One plane was carrying four people, with a solo pilot in the other.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs. At one point Stella places one hand by Boo's mouth - but the friendly dog doesn't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back.
Ramires and Nemanja Matic set to start in midfield for Chelsea. Cesc Fabregas likely to play up front behind Didier Drogba. Oscar set to drop out of the starting line up for QPR clash. Chelsea are four points clear of Arsenal with two games in hand.
Melbourne woman Clare Verrall was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday night. She was just a few streets away from her home in Prahran with her french bulldog Dutchy when a man jumped out from an apartment complex. The 31-year-old said kickboxing classes she had taken at the gym helped her respond to the situation confidently. Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect. He is described as 'Caucasian, aged in his late 20s, approximately 180cm tall with a slim build'
Sebastian Vettel won his first Formula One race for Ferrari in Malaysia. The four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory at Maranello last week. The win allowed Ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in May 2013.
LA Galaxy beat Seattle Sounders 1-0 at the StubHub Centre. Alan Gordon scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of the Galaxy side. It was the Galaxy's second win of the MLS season so far.
Police arrested David Powell after the pensioner's body was discovered at her home in Doncaster Lane, Penkhull, Stoke-on-Trent. Although the body has not yet been formally identified, she is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell. Mr Powell, of Longton Road, Barlaston, Staffordshire, is due to appear before magistrates today.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Red Bull driver is hoping to kick-start his season after a disappointing start to the 2015 F1 season. The 25-year-old finished sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia. Red Bull have slipped behind Ferrari in the title race.
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League games for Chelsea on Sunday. The Belgian has scored 35 goals and made 25 assists this season. Graeme Souness believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year. The Sky Sports pundit compares Hazard to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Aljaz Bedene has won his first match since becoming a British citizen. The Slovenian-born player won in the opening round of qualifying for the Casablanca Open. Bedene will now face either Michael Linzer of Austria or France's Maxime Texeira in the next round.
Thousands of female race-goers flocked to Aintree for Ladies' Day. Many opted for outfits that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding. Others opted for full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms in pastel shades. Men were also out in full force, with one group donning garish suits.
Cambridge United chairman Dave Doggett has warned of a new breed of hooliganism. He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. He said violence at matches has increased recently as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement. He fears there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs'
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at a speed of 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes. In the clip, which features on interactive TV show World's Most Talented, he is recorded by co-host Laura Jackson successfully completing the jump.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver finished 0.541secs clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg. Sebastian Vettel was third, with Kimi Raikkonen fourth and Felipe Nasr fifth. Jenson Button was 13th and Fernando Alonso 17th.
Jordan Spieth tees off his third round at 2:55pm local time (7: 55pm BST) on Saturday. The 21-year-old American holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds. Justin Rose and Paul Casey will be in Saturday's penultimate pairing at 7:45pm UK time with Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson. Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will be out earlier in the day at Augusta.
Hollywood actor Keanu Reeves visited and sampled the atmosphere at the Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes. The 50-year-old grilled Red Bull's chief technical officer Adrian Newey and checked out pit stops during his time at the factory with Sky Sports F1. Reeves also said that his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. Spaniard won the world championship with Renault in 2005. Alonso left McLaren in 2007 after a bitter year but says he is glad to be back for the 2015 season.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the Silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace. The additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team's B-spec model, which is now due to be unveiled until the Austrian Grand Prix in June.
AP McCoy rode Jezki to victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle. Ruby Walsh, riding Arctic Fire, took a tumble at the final hurdle. McCoy was eventually was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall. McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract. The 21-year-old spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this term. Swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell, featuring in the European Champions Cup, Aviva Premiership and LV= Cup.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. The 25-year-old former Folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system. He emigrated to Brisbane 18 months ago, he admits his desire for a shot at the top level had regressed into an 'unrealistic dream' That it became a reality was due to polar opposite experiences to the ones he endured over here.
A U.S. RC-135U reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the Baltic Sea in international airspace when a Russian SU-27 Flanker cut into its path. Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' Russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud midway through the match at Stade Yves-du-Manoir. The complaint was made by match citing commissioner Eugene Ryan. Burger, 31, will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday. World Rugby's low end punishment for such an offence is a two-week ban.
Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England's Test squad. The Middlesex seamer admitted he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark. The 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of England's dismal World Cup run.
Elia Viviani hit the barriers in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs. The Italian was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish. Wiggins and Thomas were part of a strong Team Sky line-up in the race. Katusha's Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
West Indies have cut six names from their first training camp under new coach Phil Simmons. Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shannon Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down. Denesh Ramdin will continue to skipper the side, with Kraigg Brathwaite as his deputy.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon. A federal jury found Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260. The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison. The court will likely meet early next week to resume the penalty phase.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger contract extension at Newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches of the campaign. The 31-year-old was the only United player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekends 1-0 defeat at Sunderland. It was Gutierrez's first start for the Magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer. The Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness.
Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progression or risk losing him. Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Spurs this season. Sherwood also praised the form of Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor. Aston Villa take on Tottenham at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Sam Allardyce wants West Ham to qualify for the Europa League. The Hammers are currently first in the Premier League Fair Play Table. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for competition. England currently sit third behind the Republic of Ireland and Netherlands. Hammers will be playing at Upton Park for the last time next season before they move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016.
Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat since taking charge of Rangers. The Ibrox side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season. Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the South's play-off hopes a massive boost. McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss.
Sunderland host Crystal Palace at the Stadium of Light (Saturday, 3pm) Sunderland midfielder Sebastian Larsson is suspended for Crystal Palace's trip to Sunderland. Jack Rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem. Wes Brown and Emanuele Giaccherini are still missing for the Black Cats.
Neymar shows his footballing brain never stops as he shows off an array of skills out of hours. Dressed in just his shorts the former Santos man uses his quick feet to juggle the ball as a friend records the South Americans antics. Neymar will be hoping to show off some of that trickery when Barcelona travel to face Sevilla on Saturday.
Vincent Nogueira scored in stoppage time and Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 for the Union's first Major League Soccer victory of the season. David Villa equalized in the 55th minute for City, reacting first to a rebound off debutant goalkeeper John McCarthy to tap the ball into an empty net. Sanna Nyassi scored in the 75th minute as San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver in a tempestuous match that saw both teams finish with 10 men. Giles Barnes ended Houston's 274-minute scoring drought as the Dynamo beat the Montreal Impact 3-0.
Bastia lost 4-0 to Paris St Germain in the League Cup final on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice and Edinson Cavani netted a brace. French League president Frederic Thiriez did not shake the players' hands. Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for his resignation.
Manchester City host Manchester United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. United sit above City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months. Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of his side's season as 'garbage' due to poor form. The Chilean wants City to flex their financial muscles again to replenish the squad. United have spent £500m on transfer fees since 2008.
Palermo have not won away from home since November 2. The Sicilian side are in 11th place in the Serie A table. Udinese are 13th in the standings and one point adrift of Palermo. The hosts must overcome the absence of Ivan Piris and Giampiero Pinzi, both serving a one-match ban.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 to keep their title hopes alive. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals for the first time in his career. Karim Benzema netted a brace and Gareth Bale also got on the scoresheet. Jeremy Mathieu scored a diving header as Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0.
Glenn Murray put Crystal Palace 1-0 up against Manchester City on Monday night. The Cumbrian striker has scored five goals in his last five games. Murray now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues. The 31-year-old scored a hat-trick against Gerard Pique in a reserve match in 2005.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti will have both Isco and James Rodriguez available for first time in two months since James broke a bone in his foot. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real's 9-1 win over Granada on Sunday. Real are four points behind leaders Barcelona with nine games left.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals. Carlo Ancelotti's side won last year's final against Atletico. Fernando Hierro believes Real can win a second consecutive Champions League. The Real Madrid assistant coach says winning the competition is in the club's DNA.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Yaya Toure pulled one back for Manchester City but it was not enough. City are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea, having slipped to fourth. Manuel Pellegrini's side have now won just one of their last 10 Premier League games.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Easter Sunday. Gareth Bale opened the scoring before Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals. Bale took to Twitter after the win to post a picture of his BBQ. The Welsh winger has been in fine form for Wales during the international break.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the semi-final of the Coppa Italia on Wednesday. Senad Lulic's late goal gave Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win and set up a meeting with Juventus in the final on June 7 in Rome. The Biancoceleste are riding a seven-game winning streak in Serie A and won 3-1 at Cagliari last weekend to remain third in the standings.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side have fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table. City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday and are fourth in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's United have won five games in a row in all competitions.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Barclays Premier League since the turn of the year. Co-owner David Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing' West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has told Sullivan not to judge his side on their form in 2015 alone.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old judo club. Photos of the visit were posted on the International Judo Federation's official Twitter account alongside a flashback picture of Smalling as a youngster. Smalling excelled at the martial art as a teen and was even named national champion for his age group, before football took precedence.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany is doubtful for Sunday's derby against Manchester United with a hamstring injury. Manchester United have Chris Smalling back in contention after illness. Luke Shaw will not feature after hamstring injury and Jonny Evans is banned. Striker Robin Van Persie will not be risked after ankle trouble. Andreas Pereira is on Brazil Under 20 duty.
QPR will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne for the west London derby at home to Chelsea. Yun Suk-young (concussion) is still out alongside Eduardo Vargas, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin (all knee) Cesc Fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose and will start alongside Nemanja Matic in midfield despite the influential pair being one booking away from a suspension. Diego Costa was forced off injured for Chelsea in their 2-1 win over Stoke last weekend.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. The two sides are locked in a battle with Arsenal for the second automatic Champions League qualification place. Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the derby. The England striker scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby and keep their title hopes alive.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of Marouane Fellaini. The Belgian was jeered by fans and pundits in a 3-0 loss to City last season. Van Gaal also praised goalkeeper David de Gea who is interesting Real Madrid.
Chelsea have led or shared the lead since the opening day of the season. Jose Mourinho's side are seven points clear with eight matches to play. Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in the Premier League. The Blues boss was not surprised to see Manchester City lose at Crystal Palace last Monday.
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea. Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown. QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together.
Orlando City travel to Portland Timbers in the MLS on Sunday. Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance. The Brazilian has not scored since the first game of the season against New York City FC. Orlando are sixth in the Eastern Conference after five games.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 3-0 in the local derby at Ashton Gate. Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored for the home side. Steve Cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of his career. The 50-year-old could be back in the Championship next week.
Bristol City drew 1-1 with Preston North End at Deepdale on Saturday. Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of League One. The Robins travel to Bradford on Tuesday night looking for three points. Preston remain in pole position to join them in the second tier.
Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed a 2-0 win over Hearts. The Leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance. Hearts improved after the break but Hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday. Gary Caldwell has been appointed as Mackay's successor. The Latics are eight points adrift of safety with five games to go. Caldwell is the Football League's youngest manager at 32 years old. Wigan chairman David Sharpe is confident he has made the right call.
Alexander Kristoff beat off competition from Niki Terpstra to win the Tour of Flanders. Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap on the likes of Kristoff. Sir Bradley Wiggins was one of a number of riders to hit the deck during the race when he crashed.
Dani Alves has been offered a new Barcelona deal according to his agent. The full-back's contract expires in the summer with Manchester United and Liverpool among a number of Europe's top clubs keeping tabs on the Brazil international's availability. The 31-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp all season.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona. The 31-year-old has been linked with a number of clubs including Manchester United and Manchester City. Alves's agent and ex-wife Dinorah Santana confirmed that the right-back had rejected a three-year deal.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has been impressed by the striker's aerial ability. The Cumbrian missed the majority of last season after rupturing a cruciate knee ligament as Palace won promotion to the Premier League.
Time lapse footage captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau. Opening in a tunnel built into a Swiss mountain, the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes. The video concludes with the train picking up speed and hurtling down the track like a bobsleigh.
The monkey approaches the woman, who holds a banana, with its outstretched hands. Grabbing it in both hands, the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin. Removing her hand from the shot, the lady can be heard laughing as the greedy monkey begins tucking into the banana.
Steve Harmison has led Ashington AFC to seven wins on the spin. The 36-year-old is a boyhood Newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side. Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009. Current Newcastle boss John Carver has invited Harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was filmed partying with other inmates at Coldingley prison in Surrey. He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing to explicit rap music. Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in the run-up to Christmas in December last year. The Ministry of Justice launched an internal investigation at the Category C prison, which houses 500 inmates, and dealt with those involved.
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side are eight points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool. Van Gaal's aim is to get United back into the Champions League. The Dutchman has been true to his word so far this season. There are growing signs that United are returning to their best.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters next week. The Englishman got in due to staying in the worlds top 50 but at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open, he was projected to fall to 54th. Casey will wrap up his preparation at the Shell Houston Open.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters. The Irishman had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic in Florida. The 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against Daniel Berger. Harrington is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The 25-year-old picked up the injury after falling awkwardly in the win against West Brom. Vargas is the third QPR player to sustain an MCL injury since the turn of the year, following recent injuries to Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham ahead after eight minutes at the New York Stadium. The Millers are now just two points behind Blackpool in the Championship. Brighton are currently 14th in the table and have not won in their last four games. Click here for all the latest Championship news.
Chris Martin opened the scoring for Derby in the 51st minute. Darren Bent made it 2-0 in the 81st minute to secure all three points for the Rams. Wigan are now eight points adrift of the play-off places. Steve McClaren's side now need two wins from their next two games.
Retired engineer, Dave Tyler captured these stunning pictures showing the ferocious activity on the sun's surface during its solar maximum. The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system. Mr Tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's Sky at Night in 1957.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side now face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final. Rodgers has insisted his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats against rivals Manchester United and Arsenal. Liverpool will be without Steven Gerrard, Martin Skrtel and Emre Can on Tuesday night.
Javier Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid. Orlando City have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week about the prospect of a deal. United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Staines Town. Spurs went into the game sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with Manchester United. The result saw Spurs climb to third behind United and Liverpool while the Blues remain eighth. DeAndre Yedlin impressed at right-back for Spurs.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than they were 40 years ago. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago. Getting sunburnt once every two years can triple a person's risk of developing the disease.
Nouha Dicko, Benik Afobe and Alex Mowatt scored for Wolves. Charlie Taylor had given Leeds the lead in the 11th minute. Bakary Sako equalised for Wolves just before half-time. Afobe scored his 10th goal of the season in the 48th minute to make it 3-2. Edwards scored a late winner to move Wolves up to sixth in the Championship.
Bournemouth were down to fourth in the Championship at one stage in the afternoon. But a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top. The south coast club had not conceded the first goal at Dean Court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions. But comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21 minutes.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area. However, the decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor and informed DelFino via his earpiece. Velez were left fuming after the penalty was overturned and Valencia was allowed to return to the field. Video technology is not allowed in Argentine football.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera scored his first goal for the club against Villa. The 25-year-old has started the last eight matches for United. Herrera has expressed his desire to stay at the club for years to come.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five and Karim Benzema netted a brace. Iker Casillas handed a young fan his Real Madrid shirt at the half-time break. The veteran goalkeeper looked concerned after seeing a fan get struck by a ball.
Ashley Young watched his brother Lewis in action for Crawley against Oldham. Young senior played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over his former club Aston Villa in the Premier League on Sunday. Crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from League One but Young was a good omen as they were 2-0 up at half-time.
Norwich City beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 at Carrow Road. Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season. The Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October. Wednesday had to play the last eight minutes with 10 men as defender Claude Dielna went off with hamstring injury.
Jordan Henderson is nearing the final year of his £60,000-per-week contract. The Liverpool vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but is yet to sign an extension. Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week. Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million per year will be enough for Henderson to stay.
Manchester City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The champions have laid on six coaches to transport around 3,000 fans. The move was made after TV scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane.
Nahki Wells gave Huddersfield the lead after 12 minutes at the John Smith's Stadium. James Vaughan doubled the home side's lead in the 30th minute. Luke Varney pulled a goal back for the Tractor Boys in the second half. But Ipswich couldn't force an equaliser and failed to climb into the play-off places.
Ben Cousins handed himself in to police after failing to make a court appearance over traffic charges. Cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. The magistrate had ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued. On Thursday morning the former AFL star, Perth-based Cousins surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema also scored for Carlo Ancelotti's side as they bounced back from their El Clasico defeat to Barcelona. Ronaldo scored an eight-minute hat-trick in the first half and Benzema added two more in the second half.
Arsene Wenger admits he didn't expect Hector Bellerin and Francis Coquelin to be playing such key roles in Arsenal's late push for the Premier League title. Wenger had all but given up on Coquelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before Christmas. The Spanish full-back scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, on Saturday, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock.
Turkish team captain Arda Turan went to the cockpit to congratulate his team-mates after their 2-1 international friendly victory against Luxembourg. Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital Luxembourg City. They said nobody other than the crew should be allowed in the cockpit during the flight.
Manchester City are currently fourth in the Premier League. Manuel Pellegrini believes his side must splash the cash in the summer. The Chilean has said they must sign a 'crack' player such as Sergio Aguero. City were hit with a £49million net spending cap last summer.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute. Odion Ighalo doubled Watford's lead in the 65th minute with his 19th goal of the season. Middlesbrough have now lost four of their past five away games in the Championship.
Malky Mackay sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. The Latics lost 2-0 at home to Derby County on Monday night. Wigan are eight points off Championship safety with five games left. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis. Mackay remains under investigation by the FA over a series of text messages.
Jeremy Mathieu heads home in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo. Fabian Orellana is sent off for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquets. Barcelona stay four points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga.
Club Tijuana star Juan Arango bites Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness. The Venezuelan icon sank his teeth into the shoulder of the opponent. He was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban. Arango had earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his team level against Monterrey.
Kevin Pietersen returned to nets for the first time since resigning for Surrey last month. The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval on Monday. Pietersen is hoping to impress enough for Surrey to earn a re-call to the England side - possibly for this summer's Ashes rematch.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. The Reds are seven points adrift of the Champions League places. Rodgers will instead prioritise the FA Cup quarter-final replay against Blackburn.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada. It was the Portuguese superstar's 31st career hat-trick and 24th in La Liga. He has scored 11 goals in eight matches against Granada, Sevilla, Getafe, Athletic Bilbao, Malaga, Atleti and Barcelona.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in La Liga on Sunday. Jeremy Mathieu scored the winning goal after 73 minutes. Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian side. The trio posted pictures on Instagram following the win.
ISIS fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old in the ruins of the ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud. The seven-minute expertly edited video, purportedly shows Islamic State destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins. The attack on the ancient site horrified archaeologists when it was first reported last month.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. The defeat all but ends Liverpool's hopes of competing in the Champions League again next year. Mamadou Sakho tweeted a picture of him and Steven Gerrard heading to Paris. Sakho is well known for his charity work away from the football field.
Ander Herrera scored a brace for Manchester United against Aston Villa. The 25-year-old appears to have his eyes closed when making contact with the ball. Six of Herrera's seven goals for United have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition's net. The former Athletic Bilbao man joined the Red Devils for £29million in the summer.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille in the 30th minute. Blaise Matuidi equalised for Paris St Germain in the 35th minute with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box. Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal just two minutes later, as PSG went ahead for the first time in the game. Marquinhos made it 2-2 after Ibrahimovic's mis-hit free kick, before Morel scored his own goal in the 51st minute. PSG go top of the Ligue 1 table
Nik Wallenda, 36, said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat April 29. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on May 4.
The seven cubs were discovered in a cardboard box in a Pennsylvania car park. They were taken to the Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center. The center is spending more than $1,000 looking after the foxes. Once they have grown and gained strength they will be released back into the wild.
The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators and will be open in time for the 2016-17 season. The expansion will increase the stadium's capacity from 45,000 to 54,000 with an expansion of the Anfield Road End to follow. Liverpool fans can start getting used seeing a different look to their stadium for every match.
The man got into a dispute with bartenders at Neely's Grog House in Miami. He had been paying with bounced checks and was told to pay with cash or debit card. But he returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him to the ground. The man then set the man on fire and fled in a truck.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring for Sampdoria with an emphatic finish. AC Milan were back level on 74 minutes when Nigel de Jong's spectacular effort which was headed straight for keeper Emiliano Viviano. The Dutch midfielder attempted the audacious shot following a poor corner clearance. A large section of supporters continued their protests against the club's management with banners reading 'Vendesi'
Camilla, 26, wore a daring backless black dress at the Olivier Awards. She was joined by England rugby captain boyfriend Chris Robshaw. The couple are 'pre-engaged' and plan to get married in the near future. Memphis: The Musical and Beautiful lead race for best new musical.
Real Sociedad drew 1-1 with Deportivo La Coruna at the Anoeta Stadium. Xabi Prieto gave the home side the lead from the penalty spot in the 31st minute. Lucas Perez equalised for the visitors in the 40th minute. Gonzalo Castro scored the winner for David Moyes' side in the 57th minute but it wasn't enough. Verdu Nicolas headed home with 12 minutes of the contest remaining.
Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of teenager Chancey Luna. If found guilty, Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release. Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August, 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun.
Unnamed boy from Medina, Ohio, gave out $100 notes in classroom. He then went to a friend's house, where he also showered adults with cash. The group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree. Cops began to crack down on the cash bonanza after teachers at the boy's school blew the whistle.
A newly-released video has highlighted the shocking - and arguably discriminatory - price differences between near-identical products and everyday services offered to women and men. The clip, which was created by HLN's The Daily Share,illustrates the prevalence of this 'women's tax' to shocking affect.
Jordan Spieth set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters. At 16 under par, Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot. World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. During an episode of SBS's Heat in the Kitchen, Kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife Lela Radojkovic. The proud father-of-five credits his turnaround to his children, without any help from a counsellor. Kemp discusses his anger issues on Tuesday's episode of Insight on SBS. Former NRL player Mark Geyer also appears on Insight on Tuesday.
The 75-year-old man was playing golf at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland on Monday. He reportedly stood on the saltwater crocodile while looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole. The elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile 'nipped' him. He received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim some potentially unwelcome advice on how to avoid a similar injury in future.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current Chelsea deal. The Ivorian striker has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at Stamford Bridge this season after the summer arrivals of Diego Costa and Loic Remy. The 37-year-old insists he has no intention to retire at the end of the season.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all in eighth grade. They claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones. After sending one, they were blackmailed into sending more. When they sought help from the principal and police chief they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography. On Thursday, two years after filing a civil suit against Clatskanie School District, a judge has ordered that each girl receive $75,000 in damages.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 at Anfield in the Premier League in 1996. Robbie Fowler, Les Ferdinand, David Ginola and Faustino Asprilla scored for the Magpies. Stan Collymore scored twice for the home side in the dying minutes. Martin Tyler classed the game as his favourite game of all time.
Wolfsburg are showing an interest in Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with Nicklas Bendtner failing to impress. The German club have also considered Edin Dzeko at Manchester City. United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Deputies chase after Eric Harris, 44, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. They tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach. Robert Bates, 73, then yells, 'Taser! Taser!' - but pulls the trigger. After firing one round into Harris, he says in shock: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm sorry' Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help. One of the deputies replies: 'F*** your breath' and calls Harris a'motherf***er'
Stevan Jovetic looks likely to leave Manchester City this summer. The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. Roberto Mancini is also keen on a deal for Yaya Toure.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer. The 29-year-old insists he wants to stay at Fiorentina. Gomez left Bayern Munich for the Viola in July 2013 for £17.2million. Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Santi Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal despite interest from Atletico Madrid. The 30-year-old has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 Premier League appearances for Arsenal this season. The Spaniard has been linked with a return to his homeland with Atletico.
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season. Luis Enrique has favoured Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp. Pedro admits it is difficult not playing an important part for the club.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila wants to keep Jason Denayer on loan next season. Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets. Denayer made his full international debut in Belgium's 1-0 European Championship qualifying victory in Israel on Tuesday night. The 19-year-old also faces competition from Vincent Kompany at City.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres. But fraud investigators secretly filmed the grandfather-of-four taking to the pitch for a Sunday League team after being tipped-off about his fraudulent claims. Between September 2008 and April 2014 he pulled on the green and black shirt of Ingsfield Lane football club and two other teams in Mexborough and District Sunday League.
Ivan Gazidis says he is 'not happy' that Arsenal are not going to win the title. The Gunners have won their last eight games in a row in the Premier League. Gazidis fears the club may struggle in the near future. The club are currently second in the table, four points behind Chelsea.
Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain to watch Miranda during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga. The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and Atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer. Miranda has also been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City. Both clubs are more interested in the Brazilian's team-mates Diego Godin and Jose Maria Gimenez.
Brett Anthony O'Connor has lost his appeal to ban the media from naming him during his trial. The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with child sex offences. He was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago. The case was adjourned to the Campbelltown court on June 10.
Thibaut Courtois has been in poor form for Chelsea in recent weeks. His poor touch led to a goal for Hull on March 22. He also failed to keep out Charlie Adam's 66-yard strike against Stoke. But the Belgian says he has not lost any sleep over his errors.
A handful of Manchester City fans were ejected from Old Trafford for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat by Manchester United. Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy. Police praised the 'overwhelming majority' of supporters at the clash after just eight arrests were made.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. British number one Watson gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to Croatian teen Donna Vekic. The other seeds in action, Irina-Camelia Begu and Mona Barthel, progressed in straight sets.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday. Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own NBA record of 272 made in a single season. Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as the Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78.
Liz the bearded dragon responds to her owner when asked 'Are you hungry?' The reptile nods her head after hearing her owner Shannen Hussein speaking to her. The bearded dragon is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat. Liz 'absolutely loves' the little larvae and will do anything to get one.
Lewis Hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for the Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver is bidding to win his fourth title in Beijing. Kimi Raikkonen was second quickest, 1.093secs adrift of Hamilton. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was third quickest, with Sebastian Vettel fourth.
The council will now offer up to £200,000 to candidates, rather than the £160,000 enjoyed by former chief boss Martin Kimber. He left in December after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period. HR chief Phil Howe said: 'Due to recent negative publicity, it may be necessary to consider additional incentives'
Reanne Evans is the 10-time ladies' snooker world champion. The 29-year-old from Dudley would be the first woman ever to reach The Crucible should she win three qualifiers. She faces 1997 world champion Ken Doherty in her first qualifier.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. The Serb claimed his fifth Miami Open winner's trophy on Sunday. Murray has now lost ten out of eleven matches against the world No 1. The 27-year-old Scot has lost his last seven matches to the Serb.
Cleveland Cavaliers small forward LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could when a new set of NBA awards are presented this summer. Players are able to vote in the end-of-season awards for the first time, with titles such as 'Man of the Year' being handed out. James may be trailing New Orleans' Anthony Davis and Oklahoma Citys Russell Westbrook.
Liam Stewart is the son of rock star Rod Stewart and former model Rachel Hunter. The 20-year-old forward, born in London, had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party for the World Championship in Holland next week. Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United on transfer deadline day. The 23-year-old is hoping to win his first Scottish Premiership league winners medal. Armstrong admits a title party next month would help make up for the hurt he suffered at the very same venue 12 months previously.
David Meyler was sent off for a high challenge on Kyle Naughton on Saturday. The full back was taken to hospital with ankle ligament damage. A scan on Monday revealed the right-back will miss the rest of the season. Angel Rangel will return to the Swansea side to face Everton. Click here for more Swansea news.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night. Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start in the pack for the home side. The match ball will be presented by Kellock's dad and Hall's mum. Cardiff prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt for the match with a calf strain.
Billy McNeill was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. He was named the Scottish Footballer of the Year in season 1964-65. As a player, McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles, seven Scottish Cups, six League Cups and, of course, the first ever European Cup. The statue will be positioned on the recently opened Celtic Way and will represent a man who is synonymous with the club.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday. Spurs now trail Memphis and Houston by half a game in NBA's Southwest Division. Memphis drew level with the Rockets by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat of the season. No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance. Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
Newcastle face Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. John Carver says his players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool. Newcastle are planning a major overhaul of their squad this summer.
Liverpool are watching Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia. France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to signing for the wealthy French club from Sevilla in 2013. Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and Paris St Germain were all keen. Liverpool remain keen on bringing Danny Ings, whose contract expires in the summer, to Anfield from Burnley.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at Liverpool on Monday night. The Magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form. Newcastle have lost four on the spin - scoring just once - and Carver admits he does not know where their next point is coming from.
Gareth Bale scored twice for Wales against Israel in Euro 2016 qualifying. The Welshman has come under fire from Real Madrid fans in recent weeks. Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions. Carlo Ancelotti's side take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday.
Real Sociedad remain hopeful of signing Burnley striker Danny Ings. Liverpool, Manchester City and Manchester United have all shown interest. Borussia Monchengladbach have also shown an interest in the 23-year-old. Ings' contract at Burnley expires in the summer.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Diego Simeone's side lost to Carlo Ancelotti's side in last season's final. Fernando Torres has praised the coaching style of the Argentine. Atletico beat Real to win the Super Cup curtain-raiser and knocked them out of the King's Cup.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico. Stefano Mauri, Miroslav Klose, Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson scored for the Biancocelesti. Roma are now 13 points behind Juventus after drawing 1-1 at Torino. Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to retake fourth place. Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era. A win at Augusta National would also be the third major he has won in a row. The 25-year-old shot one under par in the traditional Par-3 Contest on Wednesday.
Wakefield Wildcats lost 80-0 to Warrington Wolves on Saturday. Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players. The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. The rout saw a hat-trick of tries by Richie Myler and 28-point haul for Stefan Ratchford.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City in the 89th minute against Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. The Argentine has scored 100 goals in just 158 appearances for the club. Aguero is settled in Manchester and signed a new five-year deal only last August. The likes of Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential targets. Wilfried Bony has only scored once in five appearances since joining City from Swansea in January.
Leeds beat Salford 28-18 in their Super League clash on Sunday. Jamie Peacock broke his try drought with a double for the Rhinos. Ash Handley, Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker also crossed for Leeds. Niall Evalds scored a brace for the Red Devils.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21. The 29-year-old is still suffering headaches after a week-long holiday in Dubai. Brown will have played just six of his clubs last 19 games. Northampton have ruled out George North until the end of the month.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling gave the Red Devils their biggest derby win for six years. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring and also netted late on for his 100th City goal.
Diego Costa limped off just 11 minutes after coming on as a substitute in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City on Saturday. The Spain international has been told he will miss just over two weeks following his latest hamstring setback. Costa will definitely miss the games against Queens Park Rangers and Manchester United. But the league leaders face second placed Arsenal in a clash that could prove pivotal in the title race on April 26.
Manuel Pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints at Manchester City. Progress at the Etihad Stadium has in recent years been slight. The identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem. Recruitment has, on the whole, been poor, allowing established players to coast without the pressure of in-house competition.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad on Monday night. Crystal Palace's entire team cost less than half one of Manchester City's substitutes. Eliaquim Mangala, Yaya Toure and Jason Puncheon were all on the bench. City have spent a total of £500m on players this season.
Barcelona were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season. Jeremy Mathieu and Thomas Vermaelen were signed from Arsenal and Valencia respectively. But influential voices at the Catalan club urged then sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta to bid for 20-year-old Stones instead.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently. There were even suggestions the players had gone to him asking to play a more direct style but Martinez has always stuck rigidly to his principles. Martinez tinkered with the shape of his side in Saturday's victory over Southampton, their third successive league win.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday. Romelu Lukaku missed the match through injury. Lukaku's new agent Mino Raiola said he would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier. Raiola hinted that Everton are just a stepping stone for Lukaku on his route to the top.
Tottenham will travel to Kuala Lumpur to play a Malaysia XI in the AIA Cup. The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27. Tottenham then take on Sydney FC the following Saturday. Harry Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games. Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about burnout for Kane.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park. Phil Jagielka scored the only goal of the game. James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling pressure. McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class' despite a mistake. Barkley was withdrawn with 20 minutes to go, a decision that brought boos from the crowd.
Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the Masters on Wednesday. Camilo Villegas fired two in the space of five holes but still could not win the traditional par-three contest. Kevin Streelman became the latest player to be saddled with the 'curse' of the par- three champion, with no player ever becoming par-Three and Masters champion in the same year.
Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's arm during Chelsea's 2-1 win against Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. The former Barcelona midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam. The 27-year-old also took a whack on his leg during the clash.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while he practised at Augusta National. The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music. Woods will also play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday. Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons.
Marc Leishman has withdrawn from this year's Masters to be with his wife. Masters chairman Billy Payne has ruled out starting a women's Masters despite talking about growing the game. Jack Nicklaus showed hes still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in the Par-3 contest.
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side. Willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from the win. The Brazilian says Mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham so far this season. Eden Hazard has been Chelsea's outstanding performer with 17 goals. Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea. Sergio Aguero has scored 31 goals in 23 matches for Manchester City. David de Gea has scored three goals in the league in 2015.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored the goals for Louis van Gaal's side. United lead Manchester City by one point in the Premier League. City face Crystal Palace on Monday night and United face Liverpool on April 18.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal on Easter Sunday. The Manchester United duo celebrated their 3-1 win over Aston Villa. Rojo posted an image of himself posing alongside Di Maria on a private plane. The duo sealed moves to Old Trafford during the summer transfer window. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA Cup would save Liverpool's season. The Reds are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games left in the Premier League. Liverpool face Blackburn in their FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night. Click here for all the latest Liverpool news.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side in the 43rd minute. Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley in the 79th minute to make it 2-0. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Villa with a header in the 80th minute.
Alan Pardew's Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night. It was the 53-year-old's ninth win in South London since leaving Newcastle. His former club have since plummeted in the Premier League while Palace now find themselves threatening the top half. A team compiled with Newcastle and Crystal Palace's stats pre/post Pardews would be sitting in 19th (albeit with 22 Premier League clubs now technically involved)
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday. The Frenchman has scored four goals in his last six Premier League games. QPR forward Charlie Austin is this week's runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in the Hoops' 4-1 victory away at West Brom. Eden Hazard, Olivier Giroud, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil make the top 10. Glenn Murray also makes the list following his tap in during Crystal Palace's victory over Manchester City.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers is considering recalling Dejan Lovren. Lovren has been out of the team recently, but could return against Blackburn. Liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are both suspended for the game.
Alex Pritchard put Brentford ahead in the 21st minute with a stunning free-kick. Derby hit back in the 14th minute when Moses Odubajo's header set up Jonathan Douglas for a shot that Lee Grant pushed away. Tom Ince twice went close in the opening seven minutes for the Rams. Brentford were good value for their half-time lead and they came close to increasing it in the 51st minute when Andre Gray deflected his shot wide.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom. The 21-year-old has said he wants to play in Champions League football. Tony Pulis has discussed pre-season plans with the England under 21 striker in an indication he plans to keep the striker beyond the summer.
Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League table. Nigel Pearson's side are six points adrift of the relegation zone. The Foxes travel to West Brom on Saturday afternoon. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are back in training with the Foxes. The Baggies are holding Jeff Astle Day to honour their former striker.
Barcelona drew 2-2 with Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night. Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play. The forward has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season. In Italy, Lazio beat Empoli 2-0 to move above Roma into second place.
Troy Deeney has scored 20 goals in the Championship this season. Watford are currently third in the table, one point behind Bournemouth. The Hornets captain is hoping to lead them to the Premier League next season. He believes he and Odion Ighalo can terrorise Premier League defences.
Jeremy Peace is open to selling West Brom for £150million as long as a suitable custodian can be found by July. Tony Pulis has held conversations with Peace and is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained. Peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in America, China and Australia with some parties already having a tour of the training ground facilities.
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Brendan Rodgers' men lost 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday. Owen's opinion drew criticism on social media but the ex-England man has refused to back down.
Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt his former club as Bayern Munich earned a narrow victory against Borussia Dortmund. Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Pep Guardiola's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga.
Mateo Musacchio fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe in the Primera Division on Sunday. The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in Madrid. Santi Cazorla tweeted: 'A lot of best wishes to my friend Mateo, I hope it's not too serious. Wishing you all the strength for the recovery'
Bastian Schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle problem on Saturday. Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at Signal Iduna Park. The German captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee injury, only making his first start in December. Bayern face Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup on Wednesday.
Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. The Bavarians are eager to repeat their 2013 treble-winning campaign as the season enters its final stretch. A 1-0 league victory at Borussia Dortmund on Saturday despite a string of absences was crucial to boost their confidence ahead of the Cup game.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready for the first team. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players, which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English club. Citys current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs and it could be further depleted if James Milner opts to leave. Patrick Vieira's academy has come under fire in recent seasons for its lack of productivity.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night. Ross McCormack gave the home side the lead after just three minutes. Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan before Matt Smith scored. Jason Pearce's 69th-minute effort earned the Latics a point. CLICK HERE for all the latest Fulham news.
Gary Hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner to keep Norwich City on track for automatic promotion. Graham Dorrans gave the Canaries an early lead as his right-footed free-kick deflected off Josh Vela into the net. Adam Le Fondre looked to have rescued a point and extended Bolton's unbeaten run to four games. Hooper lobbed keeper Adam Bogdan - as the Wanderers defenders switched off - to score an invaluable goal.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling secured the win for Louis van Gaal's side. United are now four points clear of City in fourth place in the Premier League.
England beat South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo Sevens. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English. The victory is their first since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far. South Africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot.
Tracey Neville will manage England at the netball World Cup in Australia. She is Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville. Tracey was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament in August. She revived an ageing Thunder team with an injection of youth and has secured two Superleague titles in three years.
Wing's Chinese restaurant is in Manchester city centre. Wayne Rooney, Radamel Falcao, Ashley Cole and Peter Crouch are regular visitors. The restaurant has been recommended in the Mitchelin Guide for eight years. Louis van Gaal admits he would avoid Wing's following a defeat.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side have won seven games in a row in all competitions. But the Gunners are yet to challenge for the Premier League title. They have pace, power, energy and invention in attack  and that is just Alexis Sanchez. But their failure to marry all of those components over the course of an entire campaign has cost them, again.
Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by the Ibrox side's rollercoaster run of form. Gers suffered the first defeat of new boss Stuart McCall's six-game reign on Thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at Queen of the South. The Light Blues - who remain behind the Easter Road side in third place on goal difference - now have five games left, starting with Raith on Sunday.
Jake Drage sang a children's song for reporters as he left a West Java jail nine months after he was put behind bars. The 23-year-old surfer, who was taken into custody in June last year, said he cannot wait to get back in the water. Drage was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle with her teenage daughter. He said his time in prison was 'like a yo yo, all up and downs'
Novak Djokovic shouted at his backroom team after losing the second set of the Miami Open final to Andy Murray. The Serbian grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught up in the crossfire. Djokovich issued an apology to the youngster and his parents.
Sepp Blatter is seeking a fifth term as FIFA president. Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo. FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein of Jordan, Dutch FA head Michael van Praag, and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against him.
Mikel Gonzalez put Real Sociedad ahead after just 90 seconds with a deflected corner. Antoine Griezmann doubled the lead after 10 minutes with a header over Geronimo Rulli. Arda Turan hit the post for the hosts before Fernando Torres came on for the final 30 minutes. David Moyes' side had not conceded in their previous four games.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in the 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano on Wednesday. The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90. He has also found the net 60 times in the Champions League for Madrid.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, woke up at 1am to find his leg had gone cold. His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether the leg would have to be amputated. He was treated at King's College Hospital in South East London, undergoing an emergency five-hour operation. Surgeons replaced the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound.
Aniston works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga. On other days, she might do anything from 40 minutes cycling to ten minutes each of core work, spinning and running.
The incident occurred at Nottingham train station's car park on Saturday, March 14. CCTV shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at the station. He appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier on his shoulders. Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised by members of the public.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon. Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to keep Real at bay. Carlo Ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the Bernabeu next week. Diego Simeone refused to blame Sergio Ramos for Mario Mandzukic's bloodied face.
Danielle Jones, 33, married boyfriend Darrel at Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor. Bridesmaids Kirsty Miles and Becky Young had contacted singer three months ago to ask the singer to perform at their best friend's wedding. He secretly replied to the bridesmaid's saying 'let's do this' - on the condition that they kept it secret from Mrs Jones.
Deanna Robinson, of Quinlan, Texas, was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect. Robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest, interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer. Six days later her son, Levi was born.
Amanda Peake Glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who'd only one month before had completed the Myrtle Beach marathon with her brother. Glover was also a co-owner of an Elgin fitness center, leaving her friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following Saturday's race.
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia, on Tuesday. The 14-time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown on Tuesday. The second leg will take place at the Santiago Bernabeu next week. Here, Sportsmail rates the players in the game at the Vicente Calderon.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal for the home side in the 75th minute. Brentford had a chance to strike back five minutes later but Alan Judge blasted the ball over the keeper and over the goal. Mark Warburton's side suffer a blow to their promotion hopes.
TOWIE star Jake Hall scored for non-league side Boston United on Monday. He came off the bench to score with his first touch in 2-0 win over Tamworth. His on-off girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street. Hall's friend and TOWIE co-star James 'Arg' Argent was also in the crowd. Reports this week suggested Hall has secretly been dating Lindsay Lohan.
Andy Murray, 27, will marry Kim Sears, also 27, in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11. The couple have taken a low-key approach to who to invite. Murray has said: 'I don't have any celebrity friends so it wasn't something that was planned' Tim Henman, Novak Djokovic and Jamie Delgado are among the guests.
Dozhd TV gave Clinton's 'Everyday Americans' video an 18 rating. Feared it may fall foul of Putin's 'gay propaganda' laws. If they had aired it without the warning, the company could have faced a fine of as much as £13,200 under 2013's gay propaganda laws.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey. She died from a head injury the next day despite the best effort of medical teams. Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and her ex boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared at Guildford Magistrates' Court today. The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child and allowing serious physical harm to a child.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud has been laid to rest at a small private funeral in Sydney attended by only an immediate circle of family members. The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne. Following the funeral service, a memorial was held at the Australian Golf Club attended by Richie's former cricket commentating colleagues.
Huddersfield ensured their status in the Sky Bet Championship with three games remaining thanks to a goalless draw at Brighton. Birmingham's highly-rated winger Demarai Gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point in City's 2-2 draw against Blackburn at St Andrew's. Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season rescue a point for Bolton and ensured Charlton's third successive SkyBet Championship draw.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout. She is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres. It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue the woman.
Rolando Aarons may have played his last game this season. The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's under-21s against Derby on Wednesday evening along with fellow long-term absentee Siem de Jong. It is understood he has succumbed to injury once again and it is feared his campaign could be over.
Sally and Stephen Morley are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology. The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing. It also allows experts to select the best embryos based on how they form during the conception process. This narrows a mothers chance of miscarrying.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's angry reaction to being substituted against Sevilla. Neymar scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to Barca after Lionel Messi's opener. The forward was clearly furious at being replaced by Xavi with around 20 minutes left.
Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home - in Sydney's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. Bouris, 33, is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris and has appeared as an advisor on The Apprentice.
In a survey conducted by Direct Line, adults in the UK cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most. Other reasons for everyday anxiety for Brits linked to inconvenient situations. These include running out of toilet paper when already on the toilet and forgetting your bank card when paying for an item.
Comedian Limmy posts video of spider crawling across his face. The three-inch house spider crawls out of his mouth and down his chin. The seven-second clip has been described as a self-imposed 'bushtucker trial' Limmy commented 'Sweet dreams' to his fans after posting the video.
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back. The General Dental Council has investigated the work of Janakan Siva at the Menlove Dental Practice in Allerton, Liverpool.
Raheem Sterling has attracted interest from a number of big clubs. The 20-year-old has rejected a contract worth £100,000-a-week. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell Sterling this summer. Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the England man.
Izzy Brown scored two goals as Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final in Switzerland. The 18-year-old was named on the bench for Chelsea's game against QPR on Sunday. Brown and Dominic Solanke scored the goals in the final.
Inter Milan are keen to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure. The Italian giants are prepared to offer £43million for the Ivory Coast international. Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, are planning a summer wedding. They were featured walking hand in hand during Clinton's video to announce her 2016 bid for the White House. Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'Im getting married this summer to someone I really care about' He said he was overjoyed to be part of the Clinton rollout - and part of a large-scale change in U.S. social attitudes.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal. The 22-year-old defender has impressed for Cologne this season. Austria manager Marcel Koller says Wimmer will move to England. Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs.
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new deal at Liverpool. Paul Scholes has advised Sterling to stay at Liverpool and continue to develop. Former Manchester United midfielder says Sterling does not score enough goals and needs to focus on playing every week. Sterling described links with Arsenal as 'quite flattering'
Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on Caen midfielder N'golo Kante. Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old. Kante has similarities with Lassana Diarra and Claude Makelele in terms of stature and style.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice to fill the left side of their defence next season. But both Chelsea and Manchester City are keen to snap him up. Manchester City consider him to be a suitable replacement for Aleksandar Kolarov. The 19-year-old is a Spain Under 21 international. He was forced to leave the camp last week after suffering a hamstring injury.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) in 2013, and told she had less than two years left to live. She played college basketball for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati, and raised more than $1.5million for research into the cancer. In September, doctors gave her the news she wouldn't make it past December. On Friday, she passed away at Cincinnati Children's Hospital. LeBron James, 30, posted an emotional farewell letter to Lauren via Twitter on Friday, just hours after the teenager passed away. In the letter,
The National Bar Association is calling for Officer Clarence Habersham, 37, to be fired and prosecuted for filing a false report. He was the second officer to arrive at the dead man's body after shooter Michael Slager. Slager, 33, is thought to have falsified reports on the circumstances that led to Scott's death. Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday and shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop. The father of four's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality.
The 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house. The Take That singer angered the veteran Led Zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion. Williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways. He bought the property for £17.5million in 2013 and includes a swimming pool.
Cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday. The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were reported. Cleveland fire spokesman Larry Gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a 'freak accident' and said that the building was not under construction.
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang. Mogi Mirim currently have former Brazil player Rivaldo serving as their president.
Hamburg have appointed Bruno Labbadia as their new coach with immediate effect. The former European champions are anchored in last place with six matches left. There had been speculation about a pending deal with former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel. The 49-year-old has also coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex. Police say girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip. Dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two were black and one was white. They were with a man described as being in his 50s, with purple hair and a brown moustache.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. The Magpies are just nine points above the relegation zone. John Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play. Carver has won just two games in 14 games since taking over from Alan Pardew.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at Rockingham Police Station, about 50 kilometres south of Perth. The mother of three was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant, reportedly during a strip search. The 26-year-old was rearranging her clothes when she reportedly took hold of her breast and squirted the female officer. The officer was hit with milk on her face, arms and uniform.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game since arriving from Ajax. The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February. De Jong returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for Newcastles reserves when they entertain Derby County at St James Park.
Miracle Godson went for a swim at East Quarry, Appley Bridge, on Friday. The 13-year-old failed to surface and friends desperately tried to save him. His lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day. Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious.
Hibernian stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and the 11th place club in the Premiership - currently Motherwell. Play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of their play-off profits for distribution among lower league clubs within seven days. Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Hearts and Motherwell for a resolution to slash the profits levied from play-offs from 50% to 25%.
Aljaz Bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world, making him British No 2 behind Andy Murray and ahead of James Ward, Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady. The 26-year-old could make his debut as a British player at the new AEGON Manchester Trophy, a grass-court Challenger event which starts on May 31. Greg Rusedski has backed Bedene's bid to overturn the ITF's ruling that he can't play for Great Britain.
Lewis Hamilton will start ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second ahead of his Mercedes team-mate. Rosberg will start second while Vettel will start third on the grid. Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa will start fourth and fifth respectively.
Justin Rose paired with Jordan Spieth for final round of Masters. Rory McIlroy paired with Tiger Woods in final day's most high-profile grouping. Paul Casey and Ian Poulter, 11 and 12 shots back respectively, tee off at 19.00. Adam Scott is paired with Englishman Lee Westwood and will go out at 17.20.
Novak Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set of the Miami Open final against Andy Murray. The world No 1 grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught in the crossfire of the heated exchange. The Serbian has since issued an apology via Facebook to the youngster and his parents.
AP McCoy won the Grade One Betfred Melling Chase on Don Cossack. McCoy will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday. McCoy struck on day one in the Doom Bar Aintree Hurdle with Jezki. The last time he won the Melling. Chase  on Albertas Run in 2010  he followed up the next. day in the Grand National.
Lewis Hamilton on pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg will start second on the grid. Sebastian Vettel will start third, nine tenths of a second slower than Hamilton. Valtteri Bottas, Felipe Massa, Kimi Raikkonen, Daniel Ricciardo, Romain Grosjean, Pastor Maldado, Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi occupy the drop zone.
Daniel Ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for Red Bull. The Australian driver has urged his team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. Dietrich Mateschitz has suggested he could pull his team out of the sport if matters fail to improve.
Jonathan Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013. He withdrew from England's disastrous Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Trott was making his much-anticipated return as Alastair Cook's opening partner. But he was caught at first slip by Darren Bravo just three balls in.
Jimmy Anderson was given a silver cap by Mike Atherton to mark his 100th Test. Both teams stood either side of the pitch for a minutes silence in honour of the late, great Richie Benaud, who passed away last week. Sir Curtly Ambrose and Sir Andy Roberts were knighted at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium before play started.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast triathlon in Australia on Saturday. The 24-year-old has now won consecutive races in the ITU series. The Yorkshireman saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. World champion Javier Gomez took third.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined Manchester Thunder netball team to promote the Superleague semi-finals. The Thunder filmed a lip-sync version of 'Is This The Way To Amarillo', featuring their own players and coaches alongside England women's footballers and several soap stars. The Neville brothers put in a brief appearance, first throwing a netball to each other, and then, somewhat awkwardly, clicking along to the music.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light last weekend. The result moved the Black Cats three points clear of the relegation zone. Costel Pantilimon admits he thought about relegation after the 4-0 loss at home to Aston Villa four weeks ago. The Romanian stopper admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat.
Celtic drew 1-1 with Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup on Saturday. Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic after just 135 seconds. Edward Ofere equalised for the visitors from close range a minute later. The two sides will meet in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi final at Hampden.
Ian Bell scored 143 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. The 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009. Bell put on 177 for the fourth wicket with Joe Root and added 130 with Ben Stokes. Alastair Cook was bowled by Kemar Roach for 11 on day one of the Test.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results. Since selling prize assets Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic for £2million on transfer deadline day, United have won just once, in a Scottish Cup tie at Stranraer.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season as he stated his ambition to keep Aaron Lennon. Mirallas was one of Evertons top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries. Lennon arrived at Goodison Park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager; it would cost £6million to make his signing permanent when the window re-opens.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the third minute. Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness from close range a minute later. Celtic goalkeeper Dean Brill was substituted off injured after 20 minutes. The two sides will meet in the Scottish Cup semi-final next weekend.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nicky Clark, Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law scored for the home side. The win means Rangers and Hibernian remain level on 61 points. Hibs beat Hearts in the Edinburgh derby in the earlier kick-off.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in their Scottish Championship clash. Stuart McCall's side are now three points clear at the top of the table. But McCall has warned his side they must be on their guard against Livingston in midweek. The Ibrox side have a game in hand over Hibernian.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings during Newcastle's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool on Monday night. Newcastle boss John Carver has labelled the tackle as 'indefensible' The 25-year-old caught Liverpool midfielder Lucas on the ankle. Newcastle have lost their last five games in all competitions.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a soap opera and accused people with their agendas of working against him before he left the club in February citing knee problems. Others, including Joey Barton, blame QPRs recruitment in the summer transfer window and poor work on the training ground. But Brazilian midfielder Sandro said that Red knapp should not shoulder all the blame, despite leaving the club second from bottom in the table.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season. Manchester City have been faltering and lost 4-2 at Manchester United. Liverpool are four points behind City in the race for the Champions League.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the final of the UEFA Youth League. Dominic Solanke, Izzy Brown and Ruben Loftus-Cheek scored for the Blues. Chelsea are the defending Under 21 Premier League champions and holders of the FA Youth Cup, which they will put on the line against Manchester City next week in their fifth final in six seasons.
Michael Vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of England cricket. Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday. Ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the early frontrunners.
Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of the England and Wales Cricket Board on Wednesday night. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing Hugh Morris. With more sackings inevitable, Sportsmail asks: Who's next?
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday. The match will kick-off at 3pm UK time and will be shown live on Eurosport. Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals on Friday to reach the final. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Sean Kelly believes it is time for Team Sky to break their duck in one of cycling's Monuments. The two major cobbled classics - the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends. Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics has already paid dividends in the early part of the season, with Ian Stannard winning Omloop Het Nieuwsblad.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 Premier League games since displacing Wojciech Szczesny as Arsenal's No 1 in January. The Colombia international has kept six clean sheets in those 12 games. He has the highest win ratio of any Premier League player to make more than 10 appearances. Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second with 90.9 per cent. Gerard Pique, Arjen Robben and Asier del Horno complete the top five.
Rory McIlroy, Tiger Woods and Lee Westwood endured rainy spells during practice on Tuesday. Augusta National's state of the art drainage system means that play is unlikely to be delayed. Weather reports have forecast unseasonably high temperatures and stormy weather across the four days. Thursday and Sunday will likely be the best weather days while Friday and Saturday carry potential for storms with strong winds.
Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose, plus past Masters champions Nick Faldo and Charl Schwartzel, give the lowdown on every hole at Augusta National. Click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off on Thursday.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. The move came a day ahead of an ECB board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of the former England wicketkeeper. The ECB are to create a new role of director of England Cricket ahead of the Ashes series.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks during 18 seasons spent mostly with Denver, Atlanta and Houston. He was a four-times NBA Defensive Player of the Year and led the league in blocked shots for five straight seasons.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam. The Northern Irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time Masters champion Mickelson and another mercurial American in Moore. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February alongside two stars of last year's Ryder Cup, Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute. The win moved Jose Mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the table. The Blues were targeted by objects thrown from the crowd during the celebrations.
Brook Lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds for the Nets. Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for Brooklyn. Portland Trail Blazers left LaMarcus Aldridge and others home for the game that was postponed by bad weather on January 26. Damian Lillard scored 36 points for the Trail Blazers, who had won two in a row.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace on Monday night. Manuel Pellegirni's side are now nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. Gary Neville says City have a'mentality problem' which prevents them from winning back-to-back titles. The former Manchester United defender was on Monday Night Football with Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final. The reigning La Liga champions have not lost to their city rivals in six matches. Fernando Torres has hailed manager Diego Simeone as the reason behind Atletico's recent success. The former Chelsea misfit has scored four goals since returning to his former club. Atletico are one booking away from being suspended for the return leg.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season. The 24-year-old is determined to claim a place in Formula One next year. In China, Palmer was only 0.6secs behind Pastor Maldonado at the end of FP1.
San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92. Kawhi Leonard scored a career-high 26 points in the win. Spurs extended their home winning streak to 32 games. Paul George returned from injury as Indiana beat Miami 112-89. Houston overcame Russell Westbrook's 11th triple-double of the season to beat Oklahoma City 115-112. LeBron James recorded his first triple- double since returning to Cleveland to lift the Cavaliers over Chicago 99-94.
Jordan Spieth came close to winning the Masters last year. The 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second. Bubba Watson went on to win his second green jacket in the space of three years. Spieth has been paired with Henrik Stenson and Billy Horschel.
Real Madrid have failed to beat Atletico in six attempts this season. Carlo Ancelotti's side lost both La Liga matches against Atletico this season - 2-1 at the Bernabeu before a humiliating 4-0 away defeat. The last time Real beat their local rivals was in last season's Champions League final when Sergio Ramos scored in the 93rd minute to take the game to extra-time.
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each to help the Atlanta Hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win. However, the Hawks lost forward Paul Millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with Brooklyn's Earl Clark with 1:52 left in the first half. There was no foul called on the play which left Millsap sprawled on the floor.
Roberto Carlos has revealed his desire to one day become manager of Brazil. The former Real Madrid defender claims he finds coaching'very easy' after the pressures he faced as a player. The 42-year-old, a World Cup winner in 2002, has already worked on the sidelines in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor.
Sergio Aguero gave the Northern All-Stars the lead after less than a minute. But Alexis Sanchez and Harry Kane scored the goals for the Southern side. The Southerners saw less of the ball and created fewer chances but were more clinical in front of goal than the Northern team. The Northern team were made to rue missed opportunities.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. The first-leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes. Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their absolute best. The full-back was also quick to heap praise on his fellow countrymen - 'all of them are excellent players'
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. Carlo Ancelotti's side are yet to win a game in six Madrid derbies this season. Atletico are unbeaten in the league and have beaten Real twice in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey. Real won 4-0 at Atletico in last season's Champions League final. Gareth Bale is set to start for Real after being rested against Eibar.
PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night in the Champions League. Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise ahead of the match. Brazilians and Argentines are known to be rivals when it comes to football. PSG go into their Champions League clash on the back of winning the French League Cup.
Thiago Silva says Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are the best three players in the world. PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg. The French champions beat Barcelona at the Parc des Princes in the group stages of the competition earlier this year.
Chelsea are in talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz over a possible partnership. Talks have been ongoing for over a month after French side Lille cut their ties with the club. Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem. Chelsea's next crop of youngsters could be blooded in the Belgian team.
Medhi Benatia could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto due to a muscle injury. The 27-year-old was taken off in the first half of their victory on penalties over Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup last eight on Wednesday. The Morocco international said on his Twitter account that a medical examination suggested he would be out for between 'two and four weeks'
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half. Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for the foul that led to the penalty. Ibrahimovic doubled the lead before half-time to put PSG firmly in control. Substitute Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header and a cool finish at the end of a counterattack.
South Africa hosted the 2010 World Cup in Brazil. Some of the South African national team's warm-up games were under suspicion. No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match-fixer Wilson Raj Perumal. Fikile Mbalula has previously expressed frustration with FIFA over delays in the investigation.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game. The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's (BCCI) Anti-Corruption and Security Unit. Former India paceman Shanthakumaran Sreesanth and two other cricketers from the team were arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to concede a fixed number of runs.
Stuart McCall insists he's loving life at Rangers despite defeat to Queen of the South. The former Motherwell boss replaced Kenny McDowall at Ibrox. McCall has taken over a brighter picture following Dave King's boardroom victory. The 50-year-old former Light Blues midfielder seemed to shrug off the extra pressure during his first few weeks in charge.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. The French handball star was among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team. Other former or current players including Mladen Bojinovic, Samuel Honrubia, Dragan Gagic, Primoz Prost and Issam Tej will also be tried.
Stuart McCall has spoken to Bilel Mohsni about his discipline. The Tunisian centre-back picked up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during Thursday's 3-0 defeat from Queen of the South. Rangers will attempt to bounce back from the first loss of McCalls tenure when they host Raith on Sunday.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season. The final of the European Challenge Cup is now tantalisingly within reach for Alan Solomons side after their heroic quarter-final triumph over London Irish. Only Newport Gwent Dragons stand in their way in what will be a tough semi-final at BT Murrayfield in a fortnight. Should the Scots prevail, they will head for Twickenham Stoop - home of Harlequins.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South in the 33rd minute. Lewis Kidd doubled the hosts' lead with an own goal at the start of the second half. Lee Wallace made it 3-0 with a deflected shot in the 46th minute. Gavin Reilly made it 4-0 in the 69th minute with a header from a corner. Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat since taking charge of Rangers.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. At 33 and having amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh, Kellock has decided that his body and mind have been put through enough. The record books will show that he skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere. And, of course, more history could yet be made.
Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute. Swindon's win means Steve Cotterill will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship. Preston were on the ropes, their biggest crowd in two years growing restless immediately after half-time. That was until Jermaine Beckford popped up, five yards out.
Manchester United are monitoring the situation at Paris Saint-Germain. Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to the Premier League is most likely in the current climate. The Uruguayan is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic. United are thought to be interested in Cavani to replace Robin van Persie.
The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier are some of the artists featured. American Airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the new playlists. The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline's previous cabin music, which were instrumental piano versions of pop songs.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. The full back had a recent spat with the manager Laurent Blanc after he was dropped for the Champions League clash against Chelsea. Dani Alves is being linked with a move to the French champions.
Jordon Ibe posted a video on Instagram of him performing the moonwalk. The Liverpool winger is recovering from a knee injury. The 19-year-old has broken into the first team set-up this season. Liverpool face a struggling Newcastle in their next Premier League outing.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. Doctors finally discovered she had a tumour the size of a golf ball growing in her cervix. She was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places. Brendan Rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players' own failings rather than the opposition having cracked their system. The Reds' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten Barclays Premier League run which lifted them to within a win of breaking back into the top four.
Riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project. The app was created by London-based developers through Facebook's Creative Labs. It is available for free on iOS and Android.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Pep put his players through their paces in a Rondo passing drill. Xabi Alonso was left stretching for a pass and ended up falling over.
Samir Nasri dined out in London with girlfriend Anara Atanes on Tuesday night. The pair dined at Hakkasan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant. Nasri came on as a substitute for the final 13 minutes of Man City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday night. Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea and Nasri could be leaving Manchester this summer.
Ander Herrera says he bares his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons following his spell at Athletic Bilbao. The Manchester United midfielder joined the Red Devils for £29million last summer. Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and the Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12. The 25-year-old has scored seven goals in all competitions this season.
LeBron James posted an image of himself in the dentist's chair on Instagram. The Cleveland Cavaliers star was not happy with the buzzing of drills. The 11-time All Star led his Cavs to victory over the Chicago Bulls on Sunday. LeBron delivered his first triple-double for Cavs as they won 50th game of campaign and 18th straight at home.
The California Department of Corrections has set up several Sensitive Needs Housing Units to protect former gang members from the gangs. The units provide a safer environment, free from gang activity, and the transition out of gang membership is dramatic. Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada. He followed it in his own vehicle - and got in position just in time. The college student then uploaded the picture to his Instagram account. It has now been shared almost 2.9million times.
Preston North End striker Kevin Davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on Tuesday. It's the second time in less than two months where Preston's No 9 has injured that part of his body. Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16.
England bowled St Kitts out for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match. Alastair Cook and Ian Bell retired out as England declared with a mammoth 320 lead. The match was drawn, just about, and it should also have been hung and quartered. England may as well have just turned up in Antigua next week for the first of three Tests.
Danny Welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday. Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance along with team-mates Alberto Moreno and Mamadou Sakho. The Gunners thrashed the Reds 4-1 at the Emirates on Saturday. The defeat leaves Brendan Rodgers' side seven points off the top four with only seven games of the season remaining.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is on a week-long vacation in Portugal. Rojo posed for a picture with family and friends at the dinner table. Fitness instructor Sarah Watson, 34, claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out.
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury. The England midfielder completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side in their 4-1 win over Stoke City on Tuesday night. He has set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the Premier League clash with Manchester United as he seeks to regain his place in the first team.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident. The former Manchester United captain is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Ashley Road, Altrincham, on January 30. He did not attend a brief hearing at Trafford Magistrates' Court on Wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered on his behalf by his lawyer.
Brendan Rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four. Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover. Rodgers would not go so far as to say the FA Cup could save this campaign for Liverpool. Liverpool must overcome what should be a stiff challenge from Gary Bowyers team.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 on Sunday afternoon. The Portuguese star took to Twitter to share his celebrations with his many followers. Ronaldo is one of the fittest athletes in the world, and tweeted for his many fans to join him in using excercise as a way of feeling better.
Kim Min Hyeok appeared to stamp on Mu Kanazaki's face during a J-League match. The South Korean defender was only shown a yellow card. Kanazaki scored the winner for Kashima Antlers as they won 3-1. Some Japanese fans have demanded the expulsion of all South Koreans from the game.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR. The Belgium international has seven goals in seven games under Tim Sherwood. Villa are now three points above the Premier League drop zone. Sherwood said that he is confident that the striker can fire Villa to safety.
Cesc Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the shiner he picked up from Charlie Adam. The Chelsea midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with Adam. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of Barclays Premier League to seven points with a 2-1 win.
The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it. Irish jockey Walsh, who is riding Ballycasey in the race, starts the clip by saying: 'This is how I've been getting ready for this year's Grand National' Paddy Power claims he jumped straight over the car, which was said to be travelling at 40mph.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold. His diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated. Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound. The Spurs legend has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through.
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead. Christian Benteke equalised for Aston Villa just three minutes later. Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal for QPR just after half-time. Charlie Austin made it 2-2 with his first goal in the Premier League for the visitors. Bentece completed his hat-trick with a superb free-kick in the 83rd minute.
Rio Ferdinand started the first seven games of QPR's Premier League campaign before being dropped. The 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of October - not much of a swansong. Harry Redknapp described Ferdinand's signing last summer as a'remarkable coup' for the club. But after initial promise, Ferdinand has largely spent the season on the bench.
Didier Drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone in London on Tuesday afternoon. The 37-year-old took a stroll through the capital less than 24 hours after Manchester City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace. Chelsea are now seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman, one of the original members of The Rolling Stones. Wyman has been a Palace fan for 68 years, having attended his first game aged 10.
QPR winger Matt Phillips now has seven assists in 2015. He is second in the list of top assist makers in Europe's top five leagues. Lionel Messi has made more assists (eight) this year than any other player. Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in the Bundesliga this season.
Jack Wilshere completed 90 minutes for Arsenal's U21 side against Stoke. Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby were also involved in the match at the Emirates. Alex Iwobi scored a hat-trick for the Gunners in the 4-1 win.
Franck Ribery says his relationship with Louis van Gaal was 'poisoned' The Bayern Munich winger says Van Gaal is a 'bad man' who lost players' trust. Van Gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge in 2009/10. Real Madrid, Barcelona, Juventus, Chelsea, Manchester City were all interested in signing RiberY.
Arsenal have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season. Arsene Wenger's team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title. The Gunners are now in fine form and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday. But they still can't beat their efforts from last year, at this point at least.
Tim Sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on Tuesday night as Aston Villa clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw against fellow relegation battlers QPR. The Aston Villa boss could not stay still for a moment on the Villa Park touchline as his players went behind twice before claiming a point. Christian Benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go. Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.
Bubba Watson was chosen as the most unpopular player on the PGA Tour. The reigning Masters champion got double the number of responses (22.6%) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent) Watson is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta National this week.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. Whatever happens, they will remember this night when they went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as Ramsey and Sherwood went head to head at Villa Park.
Zak Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds, but was not charged with any offence. Leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining Hardaker's punishment, which will also see him forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity. The one-cap England international received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year.
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix. McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress a fortnight later in Malaysia. Both Button and team-mate Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang International Circuit.
Boyhood Aston Villa fan Stan Collymore was in the press box at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Sporting a claret and blue scarf, the former striker could not contain himself as Christian Benteke scored to make it 2-1 to the home side. That lead wouldn't last though, as goals from QPR's Clint Hill and Charlie Austin turned the game on its head and made it 3-2 to the visitors.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning. His head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24. A witness said Colina started punching a much smaller man all over
The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season. The need for trophies has been a dominant theme since Brendan Rodgers took over at Liverpool and made them contenders again. It has been three years since they last won a trophy  under Kenny Dalglish - and the FA Cup is a chance to stop the clock.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer. The Arsenal midfielder has not played since injuring his ankle against Manchester United in November. The 23-year-old would follow the likes of Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri who swapped London for the North-West as City stormed towards Premier League and FA Cup glory.
Manchester derby is one of the biggest match-ups in world football. Louis van Gaal has tried to immerse himself in the local culture. Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to familiarise himself with Manchester. Brian Kidd is more Mancunian than Happy Mondays dancer Bez.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards. The West Brom midfielder has chosen Tottenham striker Harry Kane for the top prize. Mulumbi has also picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for the young player of the year prize. The DR Congo international also showed his selections for Team of The Year and picked five Chelsea players.
The image was taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach by John Bailey, WPTV reported. Bailey told the television station that the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. A spokesman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has said she believes the image is genuine.
Manchester United signed a £750million kit deal with adidas last summer. Supposed images of the club's new kits have been leaked online. Images suggest that United's away kit for next season will be white. The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years ith the 20-times English champions.
Monaco midfielder Geoffrey Kondogbia is a Liverpool target. The 22-year-old has also been linked with Arsenal in recent years. The central midfielder has made over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and even Sevilla. He also impressed at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup alongside Paul Pogba in the French midfield.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth has launched a stinging attack on English cricket. He says that the national team have lost touch with the game's public. England also come under attack for the way they handled the sacking of Kevin Pietersen. The star batsman will ply his trade for Surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot.
Tyrone Mings has seemingly paid off his mother's debts in an act of generosity. The 22-year-old posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his Instagram account. His mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life', adding that'my worries have all gone'
Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United will hit the ground running in their attempt to win the Barclays Premier League next season. United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia and are about to sign off a visit to America  in all likelihood to the west coast. The trip will last in the region of 12 days  a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by August 1. The club have agreed once again to rake part in the International Champions Cup.
Stuart Broad suffered an injury scare at the start of England's practice'match' in St Kitts. Broad slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor. Broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain, after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at Warner Park. The groundsmen placed sand on the creases but from the very next delivery Broad slipped and went crashing to the ground.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday. The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place for Premier League goals this season. Belgium are now 19 goals behind second-placed Spain. Eden Hazard has helped Belgium's cause with 12 goals for Chelsea. A total of 255 goals have been scored by 81 different English players.
Pep Guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with Bayern Munich at the end of the season. Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed earlier this year that negotiations over a new deal will take place this summer. Board member Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran with sponsors Chang Beer. Everton have been sponsored by Thai beverage Chang Beer for over 11 years. The Toffees captain prepared some Pad Thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship. Ukrainian Premier League club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification due to mounting debt. Club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000. Some players still on the book have seen their monthly salary slashed to £2,000 a month or less.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games. The 31-year-old suffered an ankle injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21. Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for Sunday's game against Manchester City at Old Trafford. Van Persie tweeted: 'Back to training with the group today. Was a great session'
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata posted a picture on Instagram on Wednesday. The pair have been in scintillating form for Manchester United in recent weeks. Mata scored a brace in United's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May. Herrera followed up his compatriot's achievement with a brace against Aston Villa.
Cesc Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday. The Spaniard has since travelled to Milan to see a specialist, who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan, and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final. The result sets up a final date with league leaders Juventus. Holders Napoli were knocked out after a familiar tale of missed chances and poor defending. Rafael Benitez was under pressure after his side slipped to sixth in Serie A.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career to become the third player in the club's history to reach the landmark alongside Alfredo Di Stefano and Raul. The Portugal forward netted against Rayo Vallecano in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona. Ronaldo let out his frustration following an unfair booking for a dive which could see the three-time Ballon d'Or winner suspended for Saturday's game with Eibar.
Harry Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Manchester City. Dowd was a member of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969. The Salford-born keeper once famously scored for City, against Bury, after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964.
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham on Sunday, April 19. A social media campaign has been launched in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd. Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part in other demos.
Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design during a street party on Wednesday. The mural has been inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives. Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural, which took almost four weeks to complete.
Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser for Blackburn. Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game with 20 minutes to play. The Reds will now play Aston Villa in a Wembley semi-final on April 19.
Steven Gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay following his red card for a stamp on Manchester United's Ander Herrera at Anfield on March 22. Yet Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal at Ewood Park to book their place in the semi-final with Aston Villa. Gerrard could feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup final with Liverpool at Wembley on May 30.
Ernest Goult, 72, is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn in November. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial. Teesside Magistrates' Court heard a police officer would also be giving evidence and the prosecution would produce CCTV footage.
Restaurant owner was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing. She let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet. CCTV images from inside the restaurant show how the woman pinned her attacker to the floor and put her hands around his throat. She then fled the restaurant but he tried to attack her again.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. The decision was made by new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison and chairman-elect Colin Graves after a ring-round to each of the 14 members of the governing bodys management board. Former England captain Michael Vaughan immediately said he would like to speak to the ECB about the newly created job. Andrew Strauss is also thought to be a possible candidate. England's failure to negotiate the first round of the World Cup after an embarrassing defeat by Bangladesh and crushing reverses against Australia and New Zealand led to the decision.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest. The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw. The ace was Nicklaus' first on the hallowed turf of Augusta National. But the veteran saw his achievement eclipsed by that of Camilo Villegas on a day which saw five hole-in-ones.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 to reach the FA Cup semi-finals. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game at Ewood Park. The Brazilian playmaker had the most shots, most touches, the highest duel success, highest dribble completion, and the most tackles. Jordan Henderson had not slept the night before the game as his partner Beccy gave birth to their second daughter, Alba.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in their FA Cup sixth round replay. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner after 161 minutes at Ewood Park. Simon Mignolet saved Ben Marshall's header in the second half. Blackburn came close to equalising when Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season. Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling would all have been worthy recipients. But they were not the only contenders. Jordan Henderson was outstanding. Martin Skrtel was a big presence. Emre Can has caught the eye since Christmas.
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Hector Bellerin scored his second Premier League goal against Liverpool. The Spaniard has impressed in the absence of Mathieu Debuchy this season. But it is his speed over 40 metres that has made him a star. He beat Theo Walcott's club record by one hundredth of a second.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez, who were also booked, will also miss the game.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty as Bayern Munich edged out Bayern Leverkusen to reach the German Cup semi-final. As the Spaniard challenged for the ball, he followed through with a kick into the chest of Stefan Kiessling. Thiago then converted the decisive penalty in the shootout after Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had saved Josip Drmic's effort. Pep Guardiola watched the shootout calmly from a chair on the sidelines.
The Canal and River Trust in Bath have so far removed 150 trolleys from the river bed as well six vehicles, one of which dating back over 40 years. The clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after the objects were identified during a recent river survey. The historic River Avon is a haven for wildlife, as well as being an important route for boats.
Kris Commons gave Celtic the lead from the penalty spot in the 45th minute. James Craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee Willie Collum for a 'last man' foul on Hoops midfielder Stuart Armstrong. Stefan Johansen doubled Celtic's advantage in the 63rd minute with a left-footed shot into the bottom corner.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, of Georgia and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, of Alabama were charged on Friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. Authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case. The alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit song La Vida Loco. She posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her Instagram account. Italian media reported Ms Moric tried to take her own life and was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in Milan. She told her fans that she was recovering at home after being treated in hospital.
Hilarious moment took place at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in Northeast China. Tiger was chasing a bird when it slipped on the icy surface and lost its footing. The slip caused the tiger to flip right onto its back, with the bird now well out of reach.
Manchester City beat Leicester City 5-1 on aggregate to reach Youth Cup final. Isaac Buckley, Brandon Barker and Layton Ndukwu scored for City. City will face Chelsea in a rematch of their last final seven years ago. The Premier League champions' youth side won 4-2 on aggregate on that occasion.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy. The Italian was in charge when Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand, the brother of then England teammate Rio, during a Chelsea match against QPR in October 2011. Capello resigned as England Manager in February 2012 just two days after publicly criticising the FAs decision.
The Storm Prediction Center, in a midday update to its forecast Wednesday, upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk. Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas. Heat, humidity and the approach of a cold front and a jet stream could cause severe weather on Thursday, too.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. The 61-year-old is also being investigated for terrorism offences. His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of the 1970s band Boney M. Syrian-born 48- year-old Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his car. A 36-year -old man has been charged with his murder. A woman, aged 53, was arrested this in Brent on suspicion.
Jordan Morris is the first university student to be picked by USA in two decades. Juan Agudelo scored his first international goal since March 2011. Jurgen Klinsmann played a mix a young players and experienced internationals. The US has beaten Mexico by 2-0 in four straight home World Cup qualifiers.
Bob Shannon, 59, has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl. Manchester-based Shannon helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko in November 2012. The former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired. Shannon has also trained Hattons brother, Matthew, to a European title and world title shot.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old free-climber took an hour and a half to scale the high-rise building in the United Arab Emirates. Robert has previously been arrested, imprisoned and banned from locations across the world for illegal ascent.
New book reveals series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy in 1985. Official inquiry concluded that the fire was an accident, probably caused by a spectator dropping a cigarette into rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand at the Valley Parade ground. 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy. Today, the former judge who led the inquiry into the blaze has dismissed claims the blaze was not an accident.
Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room. He says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea in August. Shaw admits he picks up tips from goalkeeper David de Gea. Louis van Gaal's stern demeanour is not limited to the touchline; at training he is equally as focused, says Shaw.
Man in his 70s shot and wounded his daughter's boyfriend in Zaragoza. He then barricaded himself in his home and refused to leave for 12 hours. After a night of failed negotiations, an elite police unit stormed the house. The man yelled 'enter if you have the balls' before an intense firefight ensued. He shot at the officers who raided the home and seriously wounded one.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. The Ghana international is keen on a move to Liverpool this summer. Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown interest in the 25-year-old. Roma, Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also keen.
Ri Sol-Ju was pictured clapping next to her husband Kim Jong-un. The couple were watching a men's football match at Kim Il Sung Stadium. The match was part of celebrations for Kim Il-Sung's 103rd birthday. North Korea designates the 'Day of the Sun' as a rare two-day holiday.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion. Mats Hummels, Ilkay Gundogan, Ciro Immobile and Neven Subotic could follow Klopp out of the club this summer.
Newcastle United have dumped pictures of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side in a skip outside St James' Park. Framed squad photographs of the likes of Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nobby Solano and Shay Given have been found discarded. The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs. England C, which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979, is managed by former Barnet boss Paul Fairclough. He selects from players outside the Football League, aged 23 and under.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. Originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall, but when the wall was demolished the tree was carefully uprooted to its new location. The roots then became the trunk, leading to its strange appearance.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 at the Stade de Gerland on Wednesday. Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette scored in the second half. Lyon are now top of Ligue 1 with 64 points from 32 games. French champions Paris Saint-Germain are second with one game in hand.
Andrew Odell tweeted the company a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white. He said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket. Aldi said it had contacted Mr Odell and was investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency'
Dagenham and Redbridge midfielder Joss Labadie has been banned for six months. The 24-year-old was charged with violent conduct by the FA last month. He was accused of sinking his teeth into the hand of Stevenage defender Ronnie Henry during Dagenham's 1-0 win at the Lamex Stadium. It came just 12 months after he was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting Chesterfield's Ollie Banks.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, suffers from arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements. On Thursday, surgeons at Melbourne Zoo gave her a full health check-up including her ears, teeth and eyes. X-rays were taken in areas where the ape has arthritis which includes her hips and ankles. Surgeon Associate Professor Marino Pirpiris also gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps even years.
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel. The panel of eight medical professionals will advise the FA on what can be done to make the game safer. Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013. Jeff Astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to his head during his footballing career.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer at Airdrie Sheriff Court. The 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am. McGowan will miss two forthcoming games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. Dundee have vowed to stand by their player through his problems.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 on Tuesday night to secure promotion. The Robins became the first team in the Football League to mathematically secure promotion from League One. Aden Flint has played a central role in returning City to the Championship after two seasons away. The 25-year-old defender was also named the Sky Bet League One Player of the Month for March.
Gerard Pique has heaped praise on Barcelona's front three. Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have a special relationship, says Pique. The Spanish giants are in France ahead of their Champions League quarter-final tie against Paris Saint-Germain. Pique says: 'I've never before seen a relationship like the one between Luis [Suárez], Ney [Neymar] and Leo [Messi].
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory. As the officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder, while referee Gerard Sutton escaped with no injuries despite slipping over as he attempted to dodge the missiles
Daniel Agger is accused of elbowing FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. The incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials. FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points. Brondby are fourth on 35 points, 11 behind leaders FC Midtjylland.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around. But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts. He was sentenced to do 80 hours unpaid work for the community and ordered to pay £85 costs and £60 victim surcharge by District Judge Huw Edwards.
The family of Lavall Hall, released the shocking video which calls into question the Miami Gardens police department's account of the incident on February 15. The clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic, who was black. The police department said the officers were forced to shoot because Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force' using the broom. But the video footage appears to show him trying to flee the officers before he was fatally shot.
Terry Richardson is one of the most famous and controversial photographers in the fashion industry. Known as much for his racy - often pornographic - photo shoots as he is for the sexual assault allegations that have been made against him. This week he faced accusations from the model Kate Upton that he had released footage of her dancing in a bikini without her permission. In a new interview with Vogue Kate Upton has revealed that the photographer Terry Richardson released the 'Cat Daddy' footage.
Shaqueel van Persie scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert. Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £5million to quit the club this summer.
Lewis Hamilton says his contract with Mercedes is still not sorted. The British driver had claimed it was '99.6 per cent done' after the Malaysian Grand Prix. The 30-year-old says he has had to read 80 pages of paperwork. Hamilton says it is 'unlikely' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds. To date the clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times.
Magnitude 3.1 earthquake hit just before 9pm last night north of Los Angeles. The quake caused a'sharp jolt' to be felt in the San Fernando Valley. It was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. There was no reported damage or injuries and no problems reported.
Matej Vydra fired Watford into the lead in the 26th minute. Adlene Guedioura made it 2-0 shortly after the break. The win keeps Watford on the trail for automatic promotion. Millwall slipped further into relegation trouble with the defeat.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana. The pair caught a bowfin, videoed lying lifeless on a concrete dock. Quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water. When suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre. Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound. Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a Space Invaders style tune emerges from it.
Jimmy Anderson is still three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record of 384 Test wickets. Anderson took England's first wicket of the day when Devon Smith was caught behind by Jos Buttler. Ben Stokes was the first man to be dismissed on day two when he edged to Jason Holder in the slips. Stuart Broad was England's ninth wicket to fall before Anderson fell for 20 with the score on 399.
Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg. The 22-year-old sustained the injury during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield on Tuesday night. Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose the Portuguese starlet for his side's final three games.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for a pre-season assessment. But Celtic boss Ronny Deila admits that won't happen in time for the first Champions League qualifier on July 16. Denayer has been an instant hit at the club and formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk. The defender made his international debut for Belgium last month.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. The starting price for the card was $500, though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on Saturday. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a big-money move to Manchester United. The Germany defender has two years left on his Borussia Dortmund contract. Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke is optimistic about extending his stay. United are reportedly willing to offer Dortmund up to £30million for the defender.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion. Robert Lewandowski scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose. Dortmund captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager and says they created enough chances to win.
The 11-year-old boy is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. He is the son of a professor in New York who invited him to her class. In the images, the youth is seen kneeling on a chair in order to reach the whiteboard, with his pen held to the extremely detailed map.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals on Tuesday night. Neven Subotic gave Dortmund the lead in the 19th minute before Kevin Volland and Roberto Firmino scored for the visitors. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang equalised for Dortmund with a powerful header from a cross by Eric Durm. Second-half substitute Sebastian Kehl fired in the winner from 25 meters (yards) in the 107th minute.
John Terry played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road. The former England captain was rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin. Terry and partner Gary Cahill dealt with everything thrown at them. Cesc Fabregas' late goal sealed three points for Jose Mourinho's side.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in Premier League. It will be the Blues' 700th game under the ownership of Roman Abramovich. Jose Mourinho says Abramovich's rule will benefit England as well as Chelsea. The Blues have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League since 2004.
UEFA have ruled that the final 18 seconds of England Women's U19 European Championships qualifier against Norway will be replayed after a refereeing mistake. The Elite Round Group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday with the match resuming with England retaking a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down. England's 3-1 Group 4 victory against Switzerland on Thursday afternoon means the Young Lionesses will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago, Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day. The storm system, which stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina, has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states. Tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, but those areas saw minimal
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word tosser on Top Gear. The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked. A BBC spokesman said: A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events
The 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in Pyongyang. Footage shows his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage. It is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the dictator. Doctors say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist, and is a minor injury.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four. Gary Neville believes United's current form means they can beat anyone. But he admits Van Gaal's system and squad will be pushed to the limit.
The first year students at Washington University were practising at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri when the giant Asian Carp decided to strike. The St. Louis freshman mens crew were captured on video rowing under a bridge by filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum. Initially all is calm until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water and suddenly the water erupts.
The woman known only as Goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil. She mixed with a number of exotic animals while there. Among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on his comeback from a collapsed lung. The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County at St James' Park. De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer.
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized to Republican strategist Susan Del Percio after a tweet showed a search for 'hot' pictures of her. The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search for images of the strategist. Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' with a link to Google Image results for 'Susan Del percio Hot' The Democratic state senator, who broke away from his party and caucuses with Republicans, said'mistakes like this happen' Del PerCio said that the post was a'silly mistake'
Jack Colback says Newcastle United fans deserve more. The Magpies have lost five games in a row and scored just one goal in eight hours. John Carver's side are in danger of being sucked into a relegation scrap. Fans are planning a boycott of Sunday's match against Spurs.
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par. McDowell is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. The former US Open champion said: 'It would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you'
Rory McIlroy was joined by Niall Horan at the Masters on Wednesday. Horan fell while caddying for the Northern Irish golfer in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National. The Irish singer will get some payback in September when One Direction play in Gillette Stadium in Massachusetts on September 12. 'He said if he's allowed pick the song then he's going to do it,' Horan said.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan. But two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone. Her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title after draw with Peter Quillin. Lee was knocked down in the first round and given a standing count. The Irishman admitted he was 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight. Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday. Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger.
Jermain Defoe was introduced to the crowd at a WWE event in Newcastle. The Sunderland striker received a mixed reception from the crowd. Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby on Sunday. The 32-year-old agreed a move back to the Premier League in January.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. Newcastle boss John Carver feels it should have been a straight red. The France international is now banned for two matches. Carver says Newcastle cannot rely on the shortcomings of others to preserve their Premier League status.
Martin Montoya nets a lofted pass from around 30 yards 'downtown' straight into a basketball ring on the other side of the club's Ciutat Esportiva training ground. The 23-year-old left-back provoked gasps from his team-mates. Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 on Wednesday with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scoring the picks of the goals.
Jose Mourinho has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed. But Mourinho regularly finds himself in hot water with the Football Association regarding his comments to the media. The former Real Madrid manager was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The batsman looked in deep thought as he sat at the end of the team photo. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the England set-up. Surrey play Oxford MCCU in a MCC University match on Sunday.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound stretch. Some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries. Sam Butt, 33, from Leigh, was one of those who needed to take evasive action.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the Ballon d'Or. The award is voted for by national team managers and captains. Arsene Wenger said he was totally against the award last year. Mourinho believes football is losing the concept of the team to focus more on the individual.
Tiger Woods struggled with his short game during the first round of the Masters. The world No 111 hit the ball 82 times at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in January - more times than he hit in the benign conditions at Augusta in the old days. Woods was playing his first competitive golf for two months. The galleries were packed as crowd favourite Tiger Woods struggled.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop. But the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of Romero's ownership rights - and Law has travelled to Argentina to resolve the issues. Romero's agents and Velez both own stakes in the player, which is causing complications for Arsenal.
Rory McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. The world No 1 is seeking to become just the sixth player in history to win all four major titles. Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman are four shots off the clubhouse lead.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson showed him 'two faces' Mourinho's Porto knocked out Manchester United in the Champions League in 2004. The Portuguese sprinted down the touchline in celebration of Porto's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification. Mourinho claims to have learned respect from Ferguson, but he has had many spats with Arsene Wenger and Pep Guardiola.
The Masters got underway at Augusta National on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam. Tiger Woods' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him during the par three contest on Wednesday. Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters.
Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in Liverpool. Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby (is) looking dapper' in an Instagram post while the striker was driving to the racecourse. Jones' wife Dani chose a stunning white lace dress, she admitted that she hadn't prepared adequately for the spring sunshine.
Michael Vaughan is in pole position to become the new director of cricket. The former England captain has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role. Vaughan will demand almost unprecedented responsibility if he is to head up the revolution that Harrison and chairman-elect Colin Graves have begun.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. Doherty, who won the World Championship back in 1997, took out the first frame 71-15. Evans had Doherty in all sorts of trouble before the former champion closed out the game.
Danny Welbeck scored the winner as Arsenal beat Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-final at Old Trafford on March 9. A 15-year-old boy took to social media after the game to post a vile, racist tweet aimed at Welbeck. Greater Manchester Police launched a probe after a fellow Twitter user complained. Wiltshire Police made an arrest and the boy has been cautioned.
England drew 2-2 with Norway in their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast on Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes disallowed Leah Williamson's penalty for encroachment. But instead of ordering her back to the spot, Kurtes awarded a free-kick to Norway. The match was replayed five days later and lasted 18 seconds. Williamson stepped up again to take the penalty and found the net.
Sergio Aguero insists Manchester City can retain the Premier League. The champions face Manchester United on Sunday, having won the last four derbies. Aguero has scored six times against United, including one at the Etihad in September 2013. Manuel Pellegrini's team are nine points behind Chelsea, who have a match in hand against bottom side Leicester.
Andy Murray's coach Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her baby in August. The openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night. Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday and the news is likely to overshadow their preparations.
Kell Brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield. Dave Chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks. Michael van Gerwen saw off Stephen Bunting 7-5 to maintain his place at the top of the table.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes. British No 2 will now face third seed Jiri Vesely in the quarter-finals. Top seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez suffered a surprise defeat to Lamine Ouahab.
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlains persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery. Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain. The groin injury has been an ongoing problem for the England international for several months.
Rob Green was embarrassed by a ball boy during QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa. The youngster decided to while away a few more seconds by mugging off the former England No 1 with a handmade nutmeg. Green is no stranger to blooper reel moments, having let Clint Dempsey's shot slip through his fingers in the 1-1 draw with USA at the 2010 World Cup.
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64. The 21-year-old is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. Justin Rose and Ernie Els posted scores of 67 to tie Charley Hoffman. Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson shot 71, while Dustin Johnson and Masters specialist Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix. The incident was referred to the race stewards and Button was given a five-second penalty after the race, which dropped the British driver to 14th. He was also given two penalty points on his superlicence. While Button limped to finish 13th, Mald onado retired following rear-end damage sustained in the crash.
Philippe Saint-Andre has won just 15 of his 37 games in charge of Les Bleus. He succeeded Marc Lievremont following the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand. The French rugby federation are looking for a replacement. Rapahael Ibanez, Fabien Galthie and Guy Noves are among the favourites to land the job.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs. Rosberg was only four-hundredths of a second behind the Briton and will start second on the grid. Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton.
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday. Tigers are separated by just two points and two places with only four games left. Northampton are clear at the top of the Aviva Premiership table. But the three remaining play-off positions are all bunched up behind Saints.
Jason Gillespie has been appointed the new coach of Big Bash League side Adelaide Strikers in a move that will see him combine the role with his duties at Yorkshire. The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011. Gillespie led Yorkshire to the LV= County Championship title last year.
Sean Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors to play in the Aviva Premiership with London Irish next season. The winger has been out of action since January with a shoulder injury. Scotland boss Vern Cotter will naturally be concerned he is fit in time for the Rugby World Cup which starts in September.
Jimmy Anderson needed four wickets to become England's all-time leading wicket taker in his 100th Test appearance in Antigua. But Anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first Test. West Indies fell to 155 for four in response to England's first-innings total of 399. Anderson bowled just four overs in the last session of play.
West Indies bowler Jason Holder used to be a Barbados team-mate with Chris Jordan. Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days. Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU. England women's captain Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen on Tuesday.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket when Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook at slip. But the Durham all-rounders front foot had crossed the line and the batsman earned a reprieve. Michael Vaughan thinks the 23-year-old should return to his natural style of bowling.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview. Said she cannot believe that he would do anything like what he's accused of. Also revealed that his wife, who is eight months pregnant, is devastated. Ms Sharpe said she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead.
Michael Vaughan criticised England's top order for just looking to survive. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook were both out early on in Antigua. Geoff Boycott was also critical of the pair, saying: 'Opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when its doing a little bit'
Roberto Martinez felt Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the defender conceded the penalty that allowed Swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium. Martinez felt Coleman had been barged by home striker Marvin Emnes before the Irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands. Jonjo Shelvey made no mistake from the spot as the former Liverpool midfielder equalised for Swansea.
Newcastle United had more than £34m in the bank at the end of the last financial year, the club's full accounts have revealed. The club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. £38.6m was transferred into Newcastle's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5million overdraft and leaving £34.1m available. The revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight. A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan as Chelsea edged closer to the title with a lucky win over Queens Park Rangers. The Football Association will wait for referee Andre Marriners report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control after other missiles rained down on the Loftus Road pitch. QPR manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour.
Harry Panayiotou has won the Barclays Premier League U21 Player of the Month award for March. The 20-year-old scored three goals for an in-form Leicester City side. He also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis on international duty, and is looking to make an impression under Nigel Pearson at the King Power Stadium. Sportsmail held an exclusive Q&A with the forward.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston. Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half. Marius Zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for Rangers. Stuart McCall wants his side to put away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton.
West Brom are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation. The Baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 FA Cup winning kit. Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. The Leicester fixture was chosen by Astle's widow Laraine and daughters Dawn and Claire because he made his West Brom debut against The Foxes 50 years ago.
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes of West Ham's 1-1 draw with Stoke. The 25-year-old was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear and club physios are hopeful it is not as severe as first thought. The Senegal international has been a big success following his £3.5million summer move from Metz.
Chelsea beat Queens Park Rangers 1-0 at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for Jose Mourinho's side. Nedum Onuoha impressed at the back for QPR and kept Didier Drogba quiet. Thibaut Courtois was the stand-out performer for Chelsea.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers play-off push towards the Premiership. The Northern Ireland international finally joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week. Ferguson has not played since his countrys 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October. Rangers were controversially loaned players from Newcastle in January.
Rangers insist that their fans have no cause for alarm over badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct. The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashleys firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the club's famous crests. However, they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
Craig Dawson is set to return for West Brom after serving a one-match ban. Youssouf Mulumbu starts a three-game ban against Leicester City. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond are available for Leicester's trip to West Brom. There has been an own goal scored in each of the last two competitive meetings between the Baggies and the Foxes.
Stuart McCall confident Shane Ferguson can play a vital role in Rangers push for promotion to the SPL. Newcastle winger was sent north by the Magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the January transfer window. Gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical. Ferguson, 23, only checked in to the club's Murray Park training base on Monday.
Real Madrid return to La Liga action on Saturday when they welcome Malaga to the Bernabeu. Carlo Ancelotti's side will then face Atletico in next Wednesday's second leg. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez all played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game. Arsene Wenger has said he hopes Burnley escape relegation from the Premier League. Burnley are currently two points from safety but face three fellow strugglers Hull City, Leicester City and Aston Villa.
Thibaut Courtois wants to win the Premier League with Chelsea. Chelsea are seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the table. The Belgian keeper helped Chelsea to the League Cup earlier in the season. The 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world's best goalkeepers.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season. Thibaut Courtois remains Jose Mourinho's first-choice goalkeeper. Carlo Cudicini feels Cech would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger. Arsenal have had a few problems with goalkeepers after David Seaman and Jens Lehmann. Cech revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to Cour tois.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final. Luis Suarez scored a brace and Neymar also netted for the Catalan side. PSG boss Laurent Blanc made no excuses for his side's defeat. The return leg takes place at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. A memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives. Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond. Philippe Coutinho, Steven Gerrard, Mario Balotelli and Daniel Sturridge among those to mark the anniversary.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to earn Sunderland a 1-0 win against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The 32-year-old was the first player to take part in Sunderland's keepy up challenge. Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge.
Wales have reached their highest ever position in the FIFA world rankings by rising 15 places to 22. Chris Coleman's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by Terry Yorath's men back in 1993. England have climbed three places to 14 after beating Lithuania in Euro 2016 qualifying and drawing a friendly in Italy last month. Belgium rose to its highest-ever spot at No 3 in the rankings, which are still led by World Cup winner Germany followed by Argentina.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United in a £31.5million transfer from Southampton last summer. The 19-year-old's debut season at Old Trafford has been beset by injuries. Shaw has only made 17 appearances in all competitions for the Red Devils. The left-back is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club Chelsea.
Charlie Adam scored one of the most memorable goals in Premier League history. Adam lobbed Thibaut Courtois from 66 yards to level the scores at 1-1. But Adam's wonder strike would end up counting for nothing as Chelsea snatched a second-half winner to leave Stoke nursing a third successive league loss. Mark Hughes has seen his side lose in their last three Premier League encounters.
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam has been the talk of football this Easter weekend after his incredible 66-yard goal against Chelsea. Adam's sweetly struck left-footed strike gave goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois absolutely no chance. Back in 2009, Adam scored a similar effort for Blackpool reserves against Accrington Stanley.
Stoke City's Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Chelsea. David Beckham and Xabi Alonso have both scored from behind halfway. Moritz Stoppelkamp and Maynor Figueroa have also struck from behind. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam scored from inside his own half against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham did it against Wimbledon in August 1996, as did Wayne Rooney against West Ham last March. Even Jose Mourinho had to admit that Adam's goal was of the highest quality. Adam plans to frame his boots and shirt from Stamford Bridge.
Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Oscar have struggled in recent weeks. But Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his midfielders. Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored a penalty and Loic Remy scored the other goal.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm) Enner Valencia available again for Hammers after toe injury. Marc Wilson available for Stoke despite broken hand. Jon Walters also in contention for Potters despite knee problem. Stoke have won three of their last six against Hammers in all competitions.
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Louisiana, drove six children to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday after a previous fight at a bus stop. It was at that second location that a 14-year-old was shot in the upper thigh. Hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace. She remains in custody.
Robin van Persie has declared himself fit for Sunday's Manchester derby. The 31-year-old has missed Manchester United's last six games. Van Persie suffered an ankle injury in their 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21. The Holland international has scored 10 goals in 24 Premier League appearances and 1,993 minutes so far this season.
Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's Premier League clash with Newcastle. The defender was forced off in the first half of Wednesday's FA Cup replay. Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness. Emre Can will return from suspension but Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans. Newcastle defender Daryl Janmaat will be fit to take his place in the team.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the Nou Camp for a photograph with his wife Sofia. The striker also revealed that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him but he only wanted Barca. Suarez also opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini during the 2014 World Cup.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park. Mario Balotelli was not included in the squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn. Striker withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday and fell ill on Wednesday. Philippe Coutinho scored the winner to send Liverpool into the semi-finals. Robbie Savage branded Balotlli 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Mario Balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped the striker would be maturing as he got older. Rodgers is saddened by the fact that the Italy international appears to have no respect for Liverpool, and no apparent willingness to follow instructions.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Lucas Leiva is hoping to play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt when they meet Aston Villa in the semi-final on April 19. The midfielder missed three trips to the national stadium in 2012 with a serious knee injury sustained in the previous November. Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for the Reds.
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool. The Cuban had previously withdrawn ahead of the original date of March 6. Mathews beat Gyorgy Mezei Jnr with a fifth round knockout in March. The 31-year-old may still fight for the title in his home city. Click here for more boxing news.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona with a curling strike on the half hour. Luis Suarez doubled the Catalans lead with a similar left-footed strike. Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75minutes. Suarez scored his second with the last kick of the game as Barcelona stayed clear at the top of La Liga with just eight matches to play.
Dani Alves is out of contract with Barcelona at the end of the season. The Brazil international has been linked with a move to Manchester United. The 32-year-old posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his Instagram account on Thursday. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news.
Amir Khan believes Kell Brook is just looking for the 'one big payday' Brook is hoping to fight Khan within the next 12 months. Khan says that Brook is not even a big name in the UK and is not able to face the world's biggest names like Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather.
John Carver admits Newcastle need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room this summer. The Magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in Tyne-Wear derbies during Sunday's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland. Carver says the club's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season.
Sevilla are fifth in La Liga ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday. Unai Emery has guided the Andalusian club to five straight victories. Vicente Iborra says Emery's side are on an 'upward trend' Barca, Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid all play on Saturday as they are in Champions League action next week.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape going into the Grand National. The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season, finishing fifth at Doncaster in February. Gary Moore-trained 2014 Champion Chase winner Sire De Grugy runs over two and a half miles for the first time on Friday.
Rory McIlroy has won all of his four majors after rain at Augusta National. The Northern Irishman's huge hitting with sky-high ball flight means he can still fly his ball miles. Shorter hitters or those with low ball flight, meanwhile, will have no roll on the wet fairways and will be hitting their approach shots from miles back. Tiger Woods has the skill set to succeed at Augusta, but he must answer big questions.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence before their Premier League match at Anfield on Monday night. The fixture was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered. Flowers were also laid at the club's Hillsborough memorial at Anfield, including some by former Newcastle captain Bobby Moncur. On 15 April 1989, 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during their FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest at Sheffield Wednesday's home.
Porto take on Bayern Munich in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Julen Lopetegui's side are the only undefeated side in the competition. Lopetsegui has warned his side has plenty of room to improve. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola says he is 'happy' to face his former Barcelona team-mate.
The first breed of supermodel took over the fashion industry in the 90s. Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley were household names. Now it's time for their daughters to take the reigns in the fashion world. Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon, Ella Richards and more are following in their mothers' footsteps.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen joined Barcelona from Borussia Monchengladbach in May. The 22-year-old is yet to make his La Liga debut for the Catalan giants in debut season at the Nou Camp. Barcelona face Paris Saint Germain in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday.
Niall Horan caddied for Rory McIlroy in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta National on Wednesday. The 21-year-old One Direction singer slipped while carrying McIlory's clubs around the par-three course. Horan even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole. Tiger Woods also played in the contest for the first time in 11 years. Woods was joined on the course by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, his son Charlie and daughter Sam. Kevin Streelman won the contest after a play-off with Camilo Villegas.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrated the start of the Thai New Year with a game of kick-ups. The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion during the light-hearted game. The Songkran festival is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other.
Hibs, Hearts and Rangers united in condemnation of the SPFL's decision to move the Ibrox club's final game of the Championship season back 24 hours. In a move designed to accommodate broadcasters, Rangers will face champions Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3. Hibs and promotion rivals Falkirk and Queen of the South play 24 hours later.
Niall Horan will carry the Northern Irishman's bag in the par-three tournament. One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year McIlroy won his first major, so you could say they have mirrored each other, hit for greatest hit. 'I said if you're available on the Wednesday you're more than welcome to carry the bag. Niall's really excited,' said McIlory.
Gareth Bale could miss Real Madrid's game with Rayo Vallecano. The Welshman injured his left foot during a training session on Tuesday. Real face their second La Liga game in four days when they travel to the Estadio de Vallecas to take on ninth-placed Rayo.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world. The 39-year-old arrives at Augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game. Woods name appears on the Masters' tournament winner's board four times; 1997, 2001, 2002 and 2005. Woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning.
Ben Flower was the first player to be sent off in a Super League Grand Final. The Wigan prop punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia twice in the first two minutes. Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive' Flower will return from his six-month ban on Thursday against Warrington.
Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero is one of three players to be diagnosed. Palmeiras reserve goalkeeper Aranha and young Santos striker Leo Cittadini also have been diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease. Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in the Champions League. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti are suspended for the first leg. David Luiz is also out injured for the Ligue 1 outfit. The second leg will be played at the Camp Nou on April 21.
Kylie Leuluai faces another six weeks out of action for the Leeds Rhinos. The 37-year-old New Zealander has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago. Coach Brian McDermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford. United officials are understood to be willing to pay the remaining half of a £10m loyalty bonus  agreed when he signed from Arsenal in 2012. Italian giants Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move. Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer.
The world's first I'm A Celebrity themed maze has opened in Chertsey, Surrey. New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be King or Queen of the Jungle. Boxer David Haye, Katie Price and Made In Chelsea star Binky Felstead also attended the new maze's opening.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield on Saturday. Goals from Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen secured the win. Brendan Rodgers' side are now four points behind Manchester City. Newcastle boss John Carver admits Moussa Sissoko could have been sent off for a second yellow card offence.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Gianluigi Buffon says he has no immediate plans to retire. The 37-year-old says it would be a waste to quit now when he is still in top form. Buffon has helped Juventus win three successive Serie A titles.
World No 3 Andy Murray is set to marry fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending, but star spotters will find celebrities in short supply. The one possible exception is comedian James Corden, although he is busy working in America.
Ben Flower said that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final every day. The 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league, but he is mentally scarred by the events at Old Trafford in October. Flower promised that he was a changed man and wants to come back and make a positive impact on the pitch when he returns.
YouTube user, MicahMedia, has uploaded a video demonstrating the simplest and swiftest way to peel a hardboiled egg. He pops the egg into a small tumbler glass before filling it a quarter of the way with tap water. He then places his hand over the top of the glass, completely covering it. His next move is to vigorously shake the glass from left to right so that the shell loosens.
Southampton host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman's side have failed to score in five of their last nine league games. The Saints are currently seventh in the table with 53 points from 31 games. Sadio Mane could be recalled to the side to face the Tigers.
Cristiano Ronaldo showed off his skills in Real Madrid training on Monday. The World Player of the Year wowed Karim Benzema and Luka Modric. Real face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side are seven points clear of Barcelona in La Liga.
John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle if the clubs hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club. Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies and, in the wake of Sunday's 1-0 defeat at Sunderland, the owner, head coach and players have come in for strong criticism.
Eden Hazard could win the PFA player of the year award on April 26. The Chelsea winger is one of the best players in the Premier League. Hazard is set to make his 100th Premier League appearance on Sunday. The Belgian joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in 2012.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on Saturday. The 30-year-old is now just seven goals shy of Raul and Alfredo di Stefano's club record. Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, even managing 41 with his head at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Alan Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland. Sunderland won a fifth Tyne-Wear derby in a row last weekend. Palace beat Manchester City on Monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the Barclays Premier League's top 10 this season. 'Irrespective of my reception, it's about the 11 players on the pitch and Sunderland fans know that we're in really good form,' Pardews said.
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open on Wednesday. Selby continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash. Ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in Beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against Mark Davis.
Mike Tindall bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner. After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted Holy s***, Im lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!! Monbeg Dude was a 40-1 outsider when the race began.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is planning to extend the pitch at the Britannia Stadium for next season. The Potters' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the Premier League - along with QPR's Loftus Road and Tottenham's White Hart Lane. The Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m.
Manchester United face Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are four points clear of Manuel Pellegrini's side in fourth. Manchester City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford. Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play against City.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a coach. The Chelsea boss has coached a whole host of world class stars. Here, Sportsmail picks Mourinho's best ever XI. Petr Cech, John Terry, Didier Drogba, Michael Essien, Wesley Sneijder, Cristiano Ronaldo, Ashley Cole, Frank Lampard and Eden Hazard all feature.
Benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. Benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of World Series Cricket in the 1970s and was one of the world's most recognised commentators. He was the mainstay in Australian cricket television commentary until the past two summers. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered his family a state funeral.
Chelsea beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semi-final on Friday. Charlie Colkett, Dominic Solanke and Tammy Abraham scored the goals. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19s team in the final. Adi Viveash made two changes from the side that beat Atletico Madrid.
Rita, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals. She has taken the brand's classics and put her own bold spin on them. Collection is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on May 1. FEMAIL caught up with the star to find out her influences and plans for the future.
Chris Smalling joined Twitter on Friday and posted his first photo. The 25-year-old is a key part of Manchester United's defence. Adnan Januzaj has also joined the social networking site. The Belgian winger has found his game time limited this season under new boss Louis van Gaal.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday and doctors told her she had less than two years left. She played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. But as her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance against the West Indies on Monday. Trott admits he thought his England career was over after he reached 'breaking point' in Brisbane and was forced to quit the last Ashes tour. But he has battled back to be on the brink of making his comeback.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes. Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan with a stunning 25-yard free-kick. Matt Smith restored Fulham's lead in the 35th minute. Jason Pearce pulled one back for the visitors in the 69th minute at Craven Cottage.
Arsene Wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the Barclays Premier League to bed and focus instead on the cold reality of winning at Burnley. Arsenal head to Turf Moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory, following on from last weekend's 4-1 triumph over Liverpool. Despite their superb run, which has seen confidence grow after some 15 wins in the last 17 through all competitions, the title remains Chelsea's to lose.
Video from Philadelphia Office of Transportation shows characters in'safety suits' They are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one's phone, including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year. The campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by drivers while on their phones. Some have criticized the campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash with Manchester United on Sunday. City boss Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday, 24 hours ahead of Sunday's clash at Old Trafford. The Chilean also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure. However, he did admit: 'We will see what happens in August'
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February. The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave. But he said there was more to his decision than health problems. 'I always thought there were one or two people with their own agendas,' he said. 'There was always talk about Tim Sherwood coming in. It was like a bit of a soap opera'
John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for the remarks made in October 2011 during Chelseas 1-0 defeat at Loftus Road. Terry will line up against Chris Ramsey's QPR side on Sunday. Rio Ferdinand, who labelled Terry an idiot for the abuse aimed at his brother, wont be fit in time for a reunion with the Chelsea skipper this weekend.
Gareth Bale will be rested by Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti. The Welshman joins suspended midfielders Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez on the sidelines. Asier Illarramendi and Isco will probably play alongside Luka Modric in midfield, with Jese joining Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema up front. Real are four points behind rivals Barcelona in the La Liga title race.
Arsenal players have revealed their ultimate pre-game playlist ahead of their Premier League tie with Burnley. Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' Nacho Monreal opts for Dance DJ legend David Guetta's lead single from his sixth album 'Dangerous' David Ospina will even find time for some Colombian rap with J Balvin's track 'Tranquila'
Chelsea captain John Terry has revealed his PFA Team of the Year. Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho is named Player of the year. Tottenham striker Harry Kane is named Young Player of Year. West Brom's Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Kane and Eden Hazard. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Diego Costa has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Spain striker aggravated the problem in Chelsea's win over Stoke. Jose Mourinho hopes Costa will be fit for the final four games of the season. The Blues face Crystal Palace at Loftus Road on May 3.
Chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in Premier League history. Jose Mourinho's side have led the way since beating Everton 6-3 at Goodison Park on August 30, after Tottenham had led the table following the first two rounds of games. The Blues have been top for 230 days as of Friday April 10, although they did share the lead with Manchester City for nine days in January. The current record for days at the top belongs to Manchester United, when Sir Alex Ferguson's side led theWay for 262 days during the 1993/94 season.
Niki Lauda aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg. The three-time world champion is now chairman of Mercedes F1. Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton. Ferrari shocked everyone by winning a fortnight ago in Malaysia.
Gary Neville believes a star player will always choose Manchester City last if they have a straight choice between the big clubs in the Premier League. The former Manchester United defender believes his former club, Chelsea and Arsenal would be a preferable option now for a big star looking to switch to England. Manuel Pellegrini's side have been reined in by Financial Fair Play.
Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to Manchester United. Sportsmail revealed last week that Mats Hummels has indicated he's ready to become a United player, and it now seems it will be as part of a £50m-plus Borussia Dortmund double. Both players have been on United's radar for some time, and both have privately let it be known they feel the time has arrived for a fresh start.
The Masters is one few sporting events which offers food at reasonable prices for its punters. Padraig Harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months. Jordan Spieth has averaged 1.39 putts per hole, the best in the field. Tiger Woods has his name inscribed on his putter.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. Jose Mourinho believes the Belgian is in a one-horse race to win the PFA and Football Writers' Player of the Year awards. Mourinho will risk Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic for matches with their rivals, despite their yellow card tally. Chelsea defender Wallace has been arrested on suspicion of an offence in a nightclub.
Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut on Friday. Padraig Harrington returned to Augusta after a year's absence. Jack Nicklaus ice cream is now available for dessert at Augusta. Jamie Redknapp and Kenny Dalglish are also at Augusta this week.
Justin Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes at Augusta. The 2013 US Open champion drew a line on his scorecard to rescue his round. The dramatic transformation was then followed by a spectacular back nine with birdies at both par threes. Rose now sits joint third, seven shots behind runaway leader Jordan Spieth.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls for Surrey against Oxford MCCU. The 34-year-old is being urged to make the England selectors' lives difficult. Former England captains Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have both had their say on Pietersen's chances of a return to the Test arena. Hussain insists England's selectors need to clarify with a'very public decision' once and for all whether Pietersen has any prospects of playing for his adopted country again.
Tottenham will travel to Australia and Malaysia at the end of the season. Chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes. Arsenal were exploring the idea of playing additional matches in either India or Malaysia after their initial trip to Singapore - but have decided against it. Louis van Gaal successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the US this summer.
Michael Jacobs opened the scoring for Blackpool in the ninth minute. Bolton equalised in the fifth minute of stoppage time through Eidur Gudjohnsen. It was Blackpool's first away win in 343 days. The Seasiders remain 16 points from safety in the Championship.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years. For the first time in 88 years the womens race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge.
Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series. A recent poll by The Wisden Cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes. Precisely 10,128 of them nominated Benaud as the best. At 74, Benaud is still as fit as a flea, the result of a lifestyle as measured as his commentating.
Alec Stewart is interested in the newly-created role of England cricket director. The Surrey director of cricket is yet to speak to anyone at the England and Wales Cricket Board about the position. Stewart's fellow former England captains Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job. The role is to be introduced following the departure of Paul Downton.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard and Arsenal's Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance this weekend. Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in the summer of 2012. Here, Sportsmail's reporters choose who they most enjoy seeing in action.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs. The German has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season. Hamilton will start from the front of the pack as he bids to win his fourth grand prix in China. Sebastian Vettel is third on the grid with Lewis Hamilton fourth.
Hundreds of people are seen watching without attempting to intervene. The footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama. Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsenal at Turf Moor. The Gunners kept up the pressure on Chelsea with a hard-fought win. Arsene Wenger's side moved further clear of the two Manchester clubs in second place, and kept the pressure up on Chelsea. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Sportsmail have teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300. The exclusive Golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a Callaway XR Driver, CallawayXR 3 Wood and Callaway XR Hybrid. CLICK HERE TO BE IN WITH A CHANCE OF WINNING THIS SPECIAL PRIZE.
Arsenal take on Burnley at Turf Moor in Saturday's late kick-off. Victory will ensure Gunners claim longest winning streak in Premier League this season. Arsene Wenger's men have won seven straight games since defeat against Tottenham at White Hart Lane on February 7. The Gunners hold the record for the most consecutive wins, having come out on top in 14 successive games between February and August in 2002. Manchester United's winning streak of 12 games helped Sir Alex Ferguson's men to the title in 1999-00.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's robot celebration. Adam re-enacted Crouch's celebration after scoring against Chelsea. Crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for England against Jamaica ahead of the 2006 World Cup. The former England striker was less than impressed with Adam's efforts to imitate him.
Derby drew 2-2 with Watford at the iPro Stadium on Friday night. Matej Vydra and Tom Ince put the Rams 2-1 up in the first half. But Darren Bent and Odion Ighalo hit back for the Hornets. Steve McClaren's side are now six points off the top two in the Championship.
Patrick Bamford scored his 17th goal of the season in Middlesbrough's 2-0 win over Wigan at the Riverside. The on-loan Chelsea striker has now scored four goals in his last four games. The win takes Boro back to the top of the Championship, while Wigan remain in the relegation zone.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn Rovers. Leeds midfielder Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing Ben Marshall off the ball. Rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while Leeds' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end. Blackburn face Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday. Benik Afobe and Bakary Sako scored the goals for Wolves. Manager Kenny Jackett has told his side they must maintain their focus. Wolves face Leeds United at Molineux on Monday night.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light in Virginia on January 10. When the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana and ordered everyone out of the car. Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrive as he is a minor. His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice. The video stops once Wyne and Griffith are pulled out and a police officer spots the cell phone and stops
The unnamed woman, believed to be between 25 and 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening. The deceased woman had no identification on her, but she sported a distinctive tattoo on her right leg. Investigators believe the faded body art was the name 'Monique' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose.
Dozens of staff at Manchester United's Megastore are sweating over their futures with the club's world-record £750m kit deal about to kick in. Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed, blaming the US sportswear giants for the issue. However, Nike say they are in constant communication with United and have entered into a consultation process with the staff.
Charles Manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years. The agreement requires that Manuel prove any circumstances surrounding the revocation of his license no longer exist before he can resume practicing chiropractic in the state. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a sign on his truck that reads, 'Looking for a date? Would you date a single father?' The retired cook said that he's looking for a woman who is 'normal and down-to-earth' and closer to his own age. Thomas has three kids, aged six to 11, who he said that his kids think the sign is 'cute'
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from the Kosovan capital of Pristina, is in his final year studying Business Informatics and also works as a part time model. He boasts almost 40,000 followers on his Instagram page. Every picture that Flamur posts is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts. He was with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop. When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt. In the video, he said in a thick Maine accent: 'I'm getting hydrophobic'
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Klopp's departure as 'ridiculous' The Arsenal manager has two years left on a contract signed last summer. Wenger is preparing for an FA Cup semi-final against Reading on Saturday.
Benedict Cumberbatch challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. The Sherlock star was hosting the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. But despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng still won the match. Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring before CJ Sapong equalised. Vincent Nogueira scored a late winner for Philadelphia Union. David Villa was forced off with a hamstring injury at half time. New York City have made a slow start to the MLS season.
Mateo Musacchio was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to play. The Villarreal defender was diagnosed with a broken left ankle. Diego Castro's header gave Getafe a 1-1 draw in La Liga on Sunday. An Ikechukwu Uche penalty was VillarReal's first goal in five league games.
NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant let his fists do the talking against FC Dordrecht. After his side give up a two-goal lead the 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout. NAC are currently rooted to the bottom of the Eredivisie.
Charles and Camilla visited Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. They were invited to fit the bungs to the casks on a tour of the site. But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt. The owners plan to allow it to mature before bottling it.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time. The man - dressed in camel-colored shorts and a green T-shirt - was then seen putting one leg up on the shoreline in a bid to haul himself out.
AC Milan face Inter Milan in the Milan derby on Sunday. The two sides met in the Champions League quarter-final in 2005. The match was stopped after flares were thrown on to the pitch. Both sides have seen their stock dwindle severely in the past few years. Milan are 15 points off the pace in ninth and Inter are a point further behind.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during an exhibition match in Bogota. The 1986 World Cup winner saw red with a steward trying to halt him whilst applauding fans after the match. The hot headed Argentine wasn't finished there as the media swarm surrounding him got on his nerves and he took a swipe at a cameraman.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess which means Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final will clash with a key Premier League title game. Arsenal will take on Reading on Saturday evening as league leaders Chelsea take on Manchester United at Stamford Bridge. Wenger also branded rumours that he will be replaced by Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous'
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute. The Cherries have now won their last three games at the Madejski Stadium. Reading have all but secured their Championship status. Eddie Howe's side are now within touching distance of the Premier League. The win means that they'll have a crack at promotion via the play-offs.
Paris Saint-Germain ace Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been banned for four matches. The Swede lost his temper during PSG's 3-2 defeat against Bordeaux. Ibrahimovic insulted referee Lionel Jaffredo and one of his assistants. The 33-year-old also used an expletive to describe France.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0. The Uruguayan has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games. Suarez's relationship with Lionel Messi both on and off the field has blossomed in recent months. The ease with with which Suarez has fitted into Barcelona's front three should not be underestimated.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer. The United skipper has revealed he is captaining the team 'his own way' and has to be his own person. Rooney has served under a number of big names for club and country during his career, but admits that he has had to learn to being his own man.
The unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground on top of an Edwardian semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London. A local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles and quickly took snaps of the man. The image was then passed to the Health and Safety Executive, who attended the property and caught the man doing the same thing.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final next Sunday. The Reds are hot favourites to reach the final against either Arsenal or Reading. The final has long been identified as being the perfect afternoon for Gerrard to bring the end down on his glittering Anfield career. Captain Steven Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season.
Boca Juniors beat Palestino 2-0 to finish Group Five with a 100 per cent winning record. Boca will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16. River Plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over Bolivian side San Jose on Wednesday.
Binky Felstead, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand in achieving the polished, put-together look she is famed for. She has teamed up with phone case company Otterbox as they launch their new MySymmetry customisable series. Binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving Chelsea street style.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg. Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound. Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team from a third straight defeat in all competitions. Club Brugge and Dnipro ended in a goalless stalemate.
Molly Hennessey-Fiske, a reporter for the Los Angeles Times, received a letter purporting to have been written by Robert Durst. The letter, post-marked April 1st in Baton Rouge, states that Durst'said nothing about charges, crimes or trials' but rambles on about his thoughts on life in southern California. Durst, 71, was arrested last month for the suspected 2000 murder of his friend, writer Susan Berman, in Los Angeles. He is currently being extradited to California to face charges.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Wednesday. The 26-year-old has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung. De Jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season. Newcastle host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. John Carver's side have lost their last five matches.
Piers Morgan has called on Arsenal to sack Arsene Wenger and sign Jurgen Klopp. Borussia Dortmund boss Klopp has announced his intention to leave in the summer. Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger, and believes Klopp would do a better job for the Gunners.
A quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two French tourists. The two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter. The lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame. Detectives went to Rottnest Island on Saturday and questioned the two men and also seized video evidence of the careless act.
A survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. A luxurious hotel room in Sydney will set you back around $1126 per night, $640 more than in New York. Public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America. The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on video as they steal items from passenger luggage. The Miami-Dade Police Department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft, and found workers rifling through checked bags. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. Airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season. The decision means that Parma, who despite being last in Serie A beat leaders Juventus 1-0 on Saturday, have been left with 12 points from 30 games.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in London. The 28-year-old had her phone stolen which reportedly contained private texts. She is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the texts. Bianca later tweeted about the mugging, branding her muggers 'lowlifes'
Sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air before appearing to land on her head. The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. Astonishingly, the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Carmem Dierks was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida, according to authorities. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds. Officers also found two patients in the middle of treatment.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington. Police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a Taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven to a house in Fife. The mother managed to untie herself, but had to flee without her son.
Shannen Hussein has one of the largest collections of pets in Australia. The 21-year-old lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. She has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes. But her pets are often captured behaving like humans, from her lamb Winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the English language.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Klopp was immediately installed as the bookmakers' favourite to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City. The colourful 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other English teams in the past, including Liverpool and Arsenal. Klopp insisted he has not had any contact with other clubs but confirmed that he is open to offers.
Duchess of Cambridges younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in a London park. She wore a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. The 31-year-old is preparing to take part in the 54-mile London to Brighton charity bike ride in June.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute. Jonjo Shelvey equalised for Swansea with a 69th-minute penalty. Seamus Coleman handled the ball in the penalty box. Arouna Kone was sent off for the visitors in the second half.
Gerard Pique is preparing to play his 300th game for Barcelona against Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday night. The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United. Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard, with the headline: 'The Pique Spirit'
Everton could finish in the bottom half of the Premier League for the first time since 2006. The Merseyside outfit played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for what could be Everton's worst season in nine years.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 in the derby at Old Trafford. Ashley Young scored and set up two goals for Louis van Gaal's side. The 29-year-old also provided an assist for Marouane Fellaini. Young said United wanted to silence their 'noisy neighbours' City.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president. The Ukrainian pole vault great is battling for the top job at athletics' world governing body. The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics. The vote to decide whether Coe or Bubka will succeed Lamine Diack takes place in Beijing in August.
Dani Alves is out of contract at Barcelona at the end of the season. The 31-year-old's agent revealed last week that Alves has rejected Barca's latest contract offer. The likes of Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly interested in signing Alves.
Barcelona will offer £50m for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba, according to Spanish paper SPORT. Barcelona plan to let Pogba stay in Italy for a year on loan. Lionel Messi will start for Barca against Celta Vigo on Sunday. Real Madrid can win La Liga if they win their final 10 games, says Marca. Benfica boss Jorge Jesus says Nicolas Gaitan has no equal.
Aljaz Bedene lost 6-1 6-4 to Jiri Vesely of the Czech Republic in Casablanca. The world No 99 has switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain. Bedene's conqueror will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals.
Jordan Spieth is the second youngest Masters winner of all time. The 21-year-old is the first start-to-finish winner at Augusta in 39 years. Spieth held his nerve in Sunday's final round to keep control of the season's first major championship. 'It's the most incredible week of my life. This is as great as it gets in our sport,' he said.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson by four shots. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997. Rose said: 'Phenomenal, what a month of golf Jordan's had' Rory McIIroy finished fourth after a closing 66.
A family in Texas became infested with birds when they returned home. According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney. Capturing them on camera as they fly around the room, the man remains very calm while narrating on the carnage before him. The video maker states that the scene is awful as a number of birds crash into the walls and end up on the floor.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open. Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at prospective new assistant coach Jonas Bjorkman.
A Chihuahua and a bearded dragon showed off their interspecies friendship when they embarked upon a game of tag together. Videoed in their front room, the dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. According to the video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, the pair completely love one another.
Andy Murray is set to marry his long-term girlfriend Kim Sears on Saturday. Murray's current coach Amelie Mauresmo has announced she is pregnant. The British No 1 has been planning to work with former world No 3 Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach. The Swede was on Murray's shortlist to replace Ivan Lendl.
England hooker Tom Youngs sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton. Youngs was nowhere near getting the ball, which made his action even more senseless. Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back. Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break. Chris Wyles went over for a third after some shocking defence.
Sir Ian Botham was tempted to bet on Jimmy Anderson breaking his record on the third morning in Antigua. Anderson's wife Daniella and daughter Ruby Luxe watched the action from the stands. Ben Stokes was frustrated twice when he thought he dismissed Jermaine Blackwood, adding to Tuesday's no-ball.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie GerLach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. The topic of their argument is not yet known. The couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room.
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes it is only a matter of time before Marland Yarde is restored to the England fold. Yarde excelled in Saturday's roller-coaster Aviva Premiership victory over Gloucester, scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop. The 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn, but was overlooked by England throughout the RBS 6 Nations.
England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day in Antigua. Hosts are jubilant that struggling Cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump. Captain Cook also fell cheaply as he was out for 13 after edging a Taylor delivery into the slips.
Robbie Savage posted a photo on Twitter showing his progress in the gym. The Match of the Day pundit has lost 12st 12 and 12.4% bodyfat. The former Birmingham player took part in BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. Sportsmail's Laura Williamson described the star as marmite.
Alastair Cook failed with the bat for the second time in the first Test in Antigua. Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many. England bowled West Indies out for 295 in their first innings, with James Tredwell taking four wickets. Jermaine Blackwood scored his first Test century in his sixth match.
San Antonio Spurs have stepped up their title defence preparation by taking part in an amusing music video which announced band Spuran Spuran. Kawhi Leonard, Matt Bonner, Patty Mills, Aron Baynes and official mascot The Coyote all teamed up to form the band - with the bands name in reference to English rockers Duran Duran. Spurs have won their last 11 matches, including a 107-91 victory over Phoenix Suns in their last match.
Indiana Pacers beat Washington Wizards 99-95 in second overtime. C.J. Miles scored 25 points and George Hill added 24 for the Pacers. Los Angeles Clippers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101 to clinch No 3 seed. Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure seventh seed.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games in the Premier League. Ronald Koeman blames a lack of goals on a change in approach from opponents. Koeman believes Southampton are not getting the space they had in the beginning of the season. The Saints boss remains upbeat and is targeting European qualification.
Steph Curry has led the Golden State Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings in the regular NBA season. The 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history. Curry made a staggering 77 consecutive three-point attempts during a recent practice session. The MVP candidate was left frustrated when one of his efforts bounced back off the rim and out.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in the Premier League on Saturday. The win was their eighth in a row and kept up the pressure on Chelsea. Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their winning streak. The Gunners face Chelsea in their next league game at the Emirates. They also face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Aaron Finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for Yorkshire again this summer. Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians in their Indian Premier League match against Rajasthan Royals. The destructive opener is set to return to Yorkshire, for whom he played last summer, to take part in all formats once the IPL season is finished.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six games for Aston Villa. Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th. But the gap could close this weekend with Burnley and Leicester in Premier League action and Sherwoods team in the FA Cup semi-final.
Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter during Chelsea's 1-0 win over QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday. QPR are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident. The FA will seek observations from each club and will ensure that QPR and the police are taking the necessary steps to identify the culprit.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Brom at The Hawthorns. Darren Fletcher opened the scoring for the Baggies after just eight minutes. David Nugent equalised for Leicester before Craig Gardner put West Brom ahead. Robert Huth put his side back on level terms before Vardy's winner. Nigel Pearson's side are now just three points behind Hull in 17th.
Leicester City beat West Bromwich Albion 3-2 on Saturday. The Foxes are now just three points behind Hull City in 17th place. Nigel Pearson believes his side's fate is still firmly in their own hands. Leicester have a game in hand over their relegation rivals and play five of their final seven fixtures at home.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner for Leicester City against West Bromwich Albion. Darren Fletcher and Craig Gardner had given the Baggies a 2-1 half-time lead. Robert Huth levelled for the Foxes with 10 minutes to go. Vardy struck in the first minute of injury time to secure all three points.
The Premier League title race appears to be over, but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League? No one is dead and buried and even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone. Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in? Are Leicester too far back? Burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise? Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day? Sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored a late winner for Jose Mourinho's side. QPR manager Chris Ramsey was left devastated by the result. Ramsey crouched down on the touchline to collect his thoughts.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with the Black Cats. The 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over North-East rivals Newcastle last weekend. That result moved Sunderland three points clear of the bottom three and, with supporters having taken a liking to the affable Dutchman, he is open-minded when it comes to his future.
Carlton Cole's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. The striker is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at Upton Park. Cole has not spoken to Sam Allardyce about his future because the West Ham boss does not know if he'll be there next season.
Tottenham will take on the very best players from Major League Soccer when they compete in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game. The annual showpiece will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids, on July 29. The fixture, which will be broadcast on Sky Sports, will be the only pre-season fixture that Tottenham will play outside of Europe.
Cheikhou Kouyate says West Ham must be ready to face a 'wounded animal' at Manchester City on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's men have lost four of their last six Premier League games. City were thrashed 4-2 by Manchester United at Old Trafford last week.
Lionel Messi wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season. The Barcelona star has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe. The Bhoys' Celtic Park is famous for it's electrifying atmosphere. Messi has sampled this first hand with Barcelona in 2008, 2012 and 2013.
Aaron Cresswell gave West Ham the lead with a free kick after seven minutes. Marko Arnautovic equalised for Stoke in the 95th minute to earn a draw. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce admits his side are suffering from a psychological problem after the draw.
Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the FAs failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and early dementia. A Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out. West Brom paid tribute to former Baggies striker Jeff Astle on 'Astle Day' on Saturday.
Daniel Wass can play at right back, left back or either wing. The 25-year-old has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle. Schalke and Inter Milan have also shown interest in Wass. Mark Hughes has been given licence to spend this summer. Click here for more transfer news.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts has been moved back to Saturday, May 2. The Scottish Professional Football League made the decision after TV broadcaster Sky decided to screen the match live. Hibs hit out at the change, claiming it would place the league's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with Rangers for the play-off slots. The three other clubs involved have all backed the Easter Road club's stance.
Celtic will not play a Saturday league tie after the Scottish Professional Football League's announcement. The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone  and wont play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season. If Celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on Tuesday. The Atletico Madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with the Real Madrid defender. The encounter was a heated affair, especially for MandZukic, who suffered a cut on his eye after a clash with Real's Sergio Ramos.
Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead early in the second half. Marius Zaliukas equalised for Rangers two minutes later. Rangers leapfrogged Hibs to go second in the Championship. Rangers have just one win away from home in the last five Championship games.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Suarez, Neymar and Gregory van der Wiel scored for the Catalan club. Mundo Deportivo lead with the headline 'Oh la la!' after Barcelona's performance. French publication L'Equipe is damning of PSG's performance after their quarter-final first-leg loss.
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of Southampton on Saturday. Midfielder Darron Gibson is a doubt for Roberto Martinez's side. Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar are back in contention for the Toffees. Southampton midfielder Steven Davis is a doubtful for Saturday's Barclays Premier League clash.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. Lionel Messi is way out in front in the breakdown of Barcelona Champions League scorers with 75, the joint-most in the tournament with Cristiano Ronaldo. Barcelona still have a some way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition by their great rivals Real Madrid.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Angel Rangel in line for first Swansea start for over two months. Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for Everton's trip to Swansea City with a hamstring injury. Aiden McGeady is a big doubt for the Toffees with a back injury.
Raheem Sterling arrived at Liverpool's Melwood base for training on Wednesday. Fresh pictures have emerged of him holding a shisha pipe, this time alongside young team-mate Jordon Ibe. Sterling, 20, and Ibe, 19, were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to aShisha cafe in London earlier this season. The teenager was spotted arriving at Melwood on Wednesday just seconds after Sterling.
Burnley midfielder Matt Taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against Arsenal on Saturday. Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on the long-term absentee list. Ross Wallace and Steven Reid could return for the Clarets. Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny (groin) and goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny (rib) face fitness tests. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby are all back in contention.
Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after the Liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide. The England international is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday and he will be reminded of his professional responsibilities. Rodgers questioned Sterlings professionalism on Monday after footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in Southport. Pictures were published on Sunday of him smoking a shisha pipe and a different set of images surfaced on Tuesday of Sterling and team-mate Jordon Ibe at aShisha cafe in London.
Sir Bradley Wiggins will bid to break cycling's hour record in June. The four-time Olympic champion will attempt to ride the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the Lee Valley VeloPark. The current Hour record is 52.491km, set by Australian Rohan Dennis in February. Tickets to watch Wiggins attempt to break the UCI Hour Record will go on sale to the general public on April 19.
The inaugural Tour de Yorkshire will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. Matt Prior is chief executive of the ONE Pro Cycling team that has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the race. The former England wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by Kevin Pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of New Zealand.
George Bailey will play the second half of the NatWest T20 Blast for Sussex. The Australia batsman will also be available in the Royal London Cup. Bailey will take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene as Sussex's overseas player for their first seven Blast group fixtures.
Sam Bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic in Belgium on Monday. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash and suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders. Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup in the US this summer. Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina,  and MLS sides New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will also feature. The pre-season tournament, which is now in its third year, is set to be played between July 11 and August 5.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead against Sevilla thanks to individual errors by Claudio Bravo and Gerard Pique. Lionel Messi and Neymar looked to have ended Sevillas amazing 14-month unbeaten home record in La Liga. But Unai Emery's men showed why they are so hard to beat with a momentous comeback. Barcelona are now just two points ahead of Real Madrid at the top of the La Liga table.
Alberto Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season. The 27-year-old could move to Porto at the end of the season. Bueno came through Real Madrid's youth system. He spent a season on loan at Derby before returning to Valladolid.
Inter Milan are interested in signing Yaya Toure and Stevan Jovetic. Liverpool's Lucas Leiva and Barcelona's Alex Song are also targets. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio says 'dreams are beautiful' Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
John Degenkolb won the Paris-Roubaix, with Bradley Wiggins in 18th. Wiggins is leaving Team Sky in order to ride for his own squad, 'Wiggins', before a return to the track ahead of the Rio Olympics. The 2012 Tour de France winner led a breakaway with 32 kilometres remaining, but was unable to maintain his lead to win.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad for Monday's game against Newcastle. The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week. Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge would be monitored ahead of the game.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord, nine years after leaving the Dutch Eredivsie club for Liverpool. The 34-year-old signed a one-year contract, but says his stay will likely be longer. The forward has had a successful career for Liverpool, Fenerbache and playing for his country. He made 104 appearances for the Netherlands and scored 24 goals.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night. Paco Alcacer, Sofiane Feghouli and Alvaro Negredo scored for Valencia. The win lifts them to within a point of third-placed Atletico Madrid. Valencia play leaders Barcelona on Saturday.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla. Real Madrid beat Eibar 3-0 and are now just two points off in second. Parma beat Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini. Click here for all the latest La Liga news.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half. The referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion Utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to Duplan. The Frenchman protested but suddenly seemed to realise substitute Tommy Oar was now on the field. Duplan saw the funny side and attempted to explain the mix-up to his team-mates on the bench.
Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end meaning there is to be room for Chelsea. The Belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer. Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Aaron Ramsey fired Arsenal into a 1-0 lead in the 12th minute at Turf Moor. The Welsh midfielder scored his ninth goal of the season to give Arsene Wenger's side an eighth win in a row. Arsenal have won at Sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester City and now Burnley, and picked up points at Liverpool and Everton, besides beating Manchester United in the FA Cup.
Jordan Spieth leads Charley Hoffman by five strokes at the Masters. Spieth carded a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130. The 21-year-old has the largest halfway lead in Masters history. We may be watching a sporting phenomenon. A performance as breathtaking as Tiger Woods's arrival in 1997.
Dustin Johnson became the first man ever to have three eagles in one round. The 21-year-old followed his 64 with a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par. Tiger Woods shot a commendable 69, his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors.
Derry Mathews will take on Venezuelan Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title. Mathews was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril. But Abril has been elevated to champion in recess in his absence.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. Murray and Sears, both aged 27, met when the pair were teenagers during the US Open in 2005. The couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and their engagement was confirmed last November. Murray is the first British man in 77 years to win the men's singles title at Wimbledon.
Josh Warrington will box in front of 10,000 fans in Leeds on Saturday. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. Here, Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks. Justin Bieber, Liam Gallagher, Nathan Cleverly, Andrew Flintoff, Prince Naseem Hamed and Lil Wayne are just some of those to have been involved.
Danny Garcia is set to fight Lamont Peterson in New York on Saturday. The light welterweight champion revealed he has six toes on his right foot. The Puerto Rican-born fighter has never been knocked down in his career. Garcia knocked out Amir Khan in four rounds in 2012 to unify the division. The 27-year-old insists he will 'kick his butt' against Peterson.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night at the Dragao Stadium. Xabi Alonso won the title with Real Madrid and Liverpool. The 33-year-old admits he has his sights set on winning the trophy with a third club. Only Clarence Seedorf has won Champions League with three clubs.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League. The French forward was speaking to adidas ahead of Real's clash with Atletico. James Rodriguez has said 'it's a pleasure to work with' Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. American television network Showtime has released a short promotional video from within the Mayweather camp. Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. The 44-year-old signed a new four-year contract with the option of a fifth last month. Atletico have not let Real win a single game in the six matches between the two sides this season. The Argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining in December 2011.
Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal. The Ligue 1 side take on the Serie A champions in Turin on Tuesday. The pair fell out at the Emirates when Arsene Wenger refused to shake the hand of the Monaco coach after their stunning 3-1 victory in the second round first leg tie.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey. The 36-year-old is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2 - in what is set to become the richest bout in boxing history. Pacquaio also posted a photo thanking NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym.
Carlos Tevez is worshipped by Juventus fans and has scored six Champions League goals this season. Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. The Italian side are on course for the Serie A title, 12 points clear of nearest rivals Lazio ahead of their meeting in the league this weekend. Monaco stand in Juventus' way; they were adventurous and audacious in their win over Arsenal in the last 16.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game as Parma beat Juventus 1-0. Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season, but they has now strung a series of positive results together. Juventus, which hosts Monaco in the Champions League on Tuesday, has a 14-point lead over Roma, which visits Torino on Sunday.
Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world. Atletico Madrid host Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. The Italian admits facing Sime one is both an 'honour' and a 'problem' Gareth Bale is available for selection after missing Real's 3-0 victory against Eibar on Saturday.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Italy than the Premier League. Former Manchester United and City striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since leaving England for Juventus in 2013. Tevez has scored 25 goals for the Old Lady this season.
Juventus face AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach. Allegri says Andrea Pirlo has been included in the squad after recovering from a calf muscle injury. Juventus beat Borussia Dortmund 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16.
Blackburn were knocked out of the FA Cup by Liverpool on Wednesday. Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest in their players. Bowyer has rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the last two transfer windows. The Rovers boss joked he is considering starting goalkeeper Simon Eastwood in attack against Reading this Saturday.
Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in Rangers top scorer Nicky Law. Law scored twice in Sunday's 4-0 rout of Raith Rovers to take his tally for the season to 12. Former Rangers star Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for Brentford this season after his £850,000 January move.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship with a win against Brighton. Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute. Callum Wilson doubled the Cherries' lead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute. Eddie Howe's side set a club record of 106 goals in all competitions.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona. He will be assisted by five other Englishmen at the Parc des Princes. Clattenberg is regarded by UEFA to be England's top official. Martin Atkinson was not selected for this round of fixtures.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final. Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final in six years as a manager. The former Barcelona boss is responsible for the decline of the Premier League in Europe. Between 2005-2009 English clubs made 12 out of the potential 20 semi-finals. Between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24.
Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended. Former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge - who gave the second reading - and Jamie Carragher also attended. Everton manager Roberto Martinez joined his captain Jagielka and club ambassador Graham Stuart, who also gave a reading.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes. The Uruguayan scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition. Lionel Messi shared an image of the duo together inside the dressing room via his Facebook page.
Stephen Dodd took a photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying. He posted it online with the caption: 'Muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday #disgrace' Liverpool FC say they will 'take appropriate action' against the supporter.
Police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for Sunday's Manchester derby at Old Trafford. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side. Merseyside Police launched a legal challenge after the Everton v Liverpool match, which was also televised, was chosen for a 5.30pm start.
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to quit at the end of the season, according to reports in Germany. The 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off. Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel, 41, is in the frame to take over.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez scored twice to give the Catalan giants the lead. Neymar was the most eye-catching forward in the first-half. PSG's unbeaten run at home in European competition comes to an end.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days. The images will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million to sign the Liverpool star. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was due to speak to Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick as Paris Saint-Germain thrashed Saint-Etienne 4-1 to reach the French Cup final. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago. Argentina winger Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final. PSG are also bidding to become the first French side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season.
Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal. Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. Footage from after the game shows the Bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards along the side of the pitch. The incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne and could now be investigated by police.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley.
Carl Hayman has admitted Toulon 'have a lot of work to do' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive European title, despite reaching the Champions Cup semi-finals. The Cote d'Azur outfit had Frederic Michalak's unerring boot and Ali Williams' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy. Hayman is set to retire at the end of the season, with the 35-year-old currently completing coaching courses.
Will Stevens is yet to compete in qualifying or the race for Manor this season. The 23-year-old is hoping for third time lucky at the Chinese Grand Prix. Manor have had teething problems since being rescued from administration. Stevens and team-mate Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap in Melbourne due to the rebuild of their IT infrastructure.
Aaron Cook has been granted citizenship by Moldova. The British taekwondo star plans to fight for them in Rio 2016. Cook was overlooked for the Great Britain squad at London 2012. The 24-year-old has fought for the Isle of Man since early 2013.
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North on March 27. Northampton winger was left unconscious and had to be taken off on a stretcher. Hughes was sent off and then banned for three weeks following the incident. The Wasps No 8 was initially suspended for three matches, after a disciplinary panel ruled he had been reckless
Michael Phelps was banned from swimming for six months in September. The 29-year-old was caught driving at 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore. Phelps is the most decorated Olympian in history with 22 medals, 18 of them golds. He will compete at the Arena Pro Swim Series event in Mesa, Arizona, next week.
Toulon beat Wasps 26-17 in their European Champions Cup quarter-final. Mathieu Bastareaud and Ali Williams crossed for the defending champions. Will Helu scored a second try for Wasps but it was cancelled out by Williams' late try. Dai Young's side became the third of four English challengers to be dispatched from Europes premier event.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. It has been 88 years since the Royals last reached the last-four juncture. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion. The Royals have struggled in the Championship but have brought FA Cup euphoria to the town of Reading.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indiana with J.J. Watt. The world No 5 was joined by Houston Texans star Watt at the Lucas Oil Stadium. The Duke Blue Devils beat the University of Wisconsin Badgers 68-63. The day before the game the tennis star took part in the Easter Egg Roll at the White House.
Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in Castleford's 25-4 win over Hull KR. Australian winger will be sidelined for up to two months. James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday after recovering from a knee injury that has kept him out of the last two matches.
Pablo Osvaldo wants Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti to join him at Boca Juniors. The 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from Southampton and has become an instant hit - scoring three goals in six games. He believes that the duo would be a good fit for Boca.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to The White House to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. The Danish ace played tennis with US President Barack Obama. The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael. The Easter Egg Role takes place once a year on the lawn of The White house and is a popular event.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have hit form at the right time, while Manuel Pellegrini's City have lost their last two league games. Here, Sportsmail looks at how a composite XI of the sides might take shape.
Milinda Gunasekera, 32, was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29. He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. After downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry. He then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast as his Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel. Six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport. It is unknown how or why the fire broke out on the small plane.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma. The couple were charged in March after they allegedly committed sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6. Muskogee police department said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21.
Robin van Persie said he was fit to feature in the game against City on Sunday but Louis van Gaal has ruled him out. 'Most of the players are fit but being fit for me is different,' Van Gaal said. The United boss also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing City. The United boss believes City will not be as defensive-minded as Aston Villa. Van Gaal's side lost 1-0 to City at the Etihad Stadium in November.
Manchester City travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by United's rise up the table. He points out United's expensive signings such as Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Daley Blind. City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. City have won the last four matches between the sides, as well as the previous three at Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal's side have never lost five in a row to City before. Sergio Aguero and Wayne Rooney are two of the best forwards in the current Premier League.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to give Sunderland the lead. Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul appeared to congratulate Defoe at half-time. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher said Krul's actions were 'not good sportsmanship' Krul later defended his actions, saying: 'It wasn't nice'
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. The 32-year-old joined the Black Cats from MLS side FC Toronoto in January. Defoe compared the feeling of scoring against Newcastle to scoring at the World Cup.
Jermain Defoe fired Sunderland into a 1-0 lead with a brilliant volley in the 45th minute. The 32-year-old struck a left-footed volley from 25 yards out to give the Black Cats the lead. Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul was unable to do anything about the strike as it flew into the net.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in first-half stoppage time to secure a 1-0 victory for the Black Cats. The victory over Newcastle moved Sunderland three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone. Dick Advocaat was able to smile after winning his first Tyne-Wear derby.
The family of murdered Australian baseball player Chris Lane broke down in court as they listened to an emergency call revealing the distressing final moments of his life. The 22-year-old, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in the rural southern Oklahoma city of Duncan in August 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun. Chancey Luna, 17, was charged with first-degree murder. The teen was riding in a Ford Focus with two teenage friends when he allegedly pulled the trigger as the vehicle drove past.
Wayne Rooney has been playing up front for Manchester United. The 29-year-old had been deployed in midfield this season. Louis van Gaal is set to unleash an in-form Rooney on Manchester City. City have won the last four derbies at the Etihad Stadium.
Boy, who cannot be named, must stay in the care of his local authority. Details emerged at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens. She was told how the youngster had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago. The judge said the boy's parents, who are Latvian, had accepted that their son had suffered from 'poor dental hygiene' due to a diet high in sugar.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. The 32-year-old struck a stunning left-footed volley in the 45th minute. Sunderland are now three points clear of the Premier League relegation zone. It was just the club's third home league win of the season, but a fifth successive victory over the Magpies.
Mario Balotelli has been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages on social media this season. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he is'shocked' at the level of online abuse aimed at the Italy international. Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck have also each received more than a thousand discriminatory messages according to research carried out by Tempero and Brandwatch. Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on racism and an end to online anonymity.
Britain's Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100 metres breast stroke world record with a time of 57.92 seconds at the London Aquatic Centre. The 20-year-old from Uttoxeter's gold-winning time on Friday beat the previous record of 58.46 set by South African Cameron van der Burgh in the same venue at the 2012 Olympics.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski. She is also the first female on the Thai Airways board. Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Lady Sasima says she had 100 bullets fired at her house in 2014.
Every woman surveyed in Paris claimed to have been a victim of sexual harassment on the citys public transport. Half of them were assaulted before they were 18 years old. Poll led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains. Some are unaware of this because they have been conditioned to accept low-level abuse.
Dion Dublin made his presenting debut on Monday morning. The former Aston Villa frontman joined regular hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series. He looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford. Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy had been left to play in the front garden by their owners Adele and Steven Worgan. But they were snatched when the couple werent looking  and neighbours believe they have caught the culprit on CCTV. Mr Worgan was inside the house in Doncaster at around midday when he heard a yelp from the garden. He rushed outside in time to see a man get into a van and drive off.
Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all injured. Wayne Rooney could be asked to drop back into midfield. Luke Shaw is set to return to the first-team against Chelsea. Robin van Persie has not yet been passed fit enough to return from injury.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday, a day before the Irishman turns 39. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets. Brad Guzan, Villas No 1, suffered heartbreak in 2010 when he was understudy to Brad Friedel but played every round of the League Cup.
Frank Knight, a lifelong supporter of the Seasiders, was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year. Knight currently has 34 friends on his private account. This is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings with owner Owen Oyston and his son, chairman Karl. Karl Oyston is to soon find out his fate for branding a fan a retard before Christmas.
Manchester United travel to Stamford Bridge to face Chelsea on Saturday. Louis van Gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the clash. Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a midfield role after Michael Carrick and Daley Blind were two of four players ruled out due to injury. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho's side. Juan Mata is returning to the home of his former club for the first time.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013. The Brazil playmaker has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Inter sporting director Piero Ausilio said he was left feeling'sad' after the club lost patience with Coutinho.
Luke Shaw thought he had done OK against Arsenal in the FA Cup. Louis van Gaal substituted the £28million defender, telling Shaw that he was not fit enough to play for United. He has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad as he struggles at United. Shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to Uniteds psychologist to declutter his mind and reboot just nine months into his career at Old Trafford.
Newcastle have won just two games in 14 games under John Carver. The Magpies have lost their last five Premier League games. Carver insists he is enjoying his role at St James' Park. The 50-year-old says he is getting the best out of his players.
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months. The 28-year-old admitted four charges of robbery, attempted robbery and assault. Newport County have terminated the striker's contract. The former Cheltenham, Bristol Rovers and Millwall player faces an uncertain future in football after admitting four charges.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying and would be within touching distance of the finals in France should they beat Belgium in June. Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries in Leeds' 41-16 win over St Helens. The Rhinos are now six points clear at the top of Super League. Leeds have now played every other team in Super League and will take some stopping as they eye a first league-leaders' title for six years.
Mesut Ozil says he is playing his best football since joining Arsenal. Ozil was off the pace at the start of the season, but is now back to his best. Midfielder was a key part of Germany's World Cup win over the summer. The 26-year-old says he was struggling with the physicality of the Premier League.
Elephants invaded a village in India and one turned violent as people tried to coax them back into the forest. The huge creature charged at Ramiul Sheikh, 50, twice after villagers tried to encourage the herd to move on. Footage shows Mr Ramiul being violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal.
Pilot was trying to land the aircraft at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport. The unnamed pilot declared an emergency, but the plane crashed shortly after in a wooded area close to the runway. Eye-witnesses say they knew something was wrong as they watched the Piper PA-31 aircraft coming into land. The four victims of the crash have yet to be named.
Caring cat Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland. The green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection. His owner thought he was too unwell to be saved and he was placed in isolation. After recovering he is now nursing other abandoned sick animals back to health.
The recorded cell phone conversation, which the company released to reporters, shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. In the five-minute video he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head. 'Didn't you think it was risky to say that to those five n****rs?', he asks the girl, who denies during the conversation that she spoke those words. SeaWorld spokesman Fred Jacobs said the company was given the video by an 'internal
Author Martin Fletcher claims Valley Parade fire was not an accident. He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time. West Yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy. The fire broke out near half-time of Bradford's game against Lincoln on May 11, 1985, and was thought to have been started by a spark from a match.
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo. Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him. The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
The video maker used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create his creation. The artist claims to have been influenced by Japanese comics. The video maker holds two stacked cups up to the camera and rotates through the various hairstyles. According to one Reddit user there are a total of 294 possible combinations that can be made.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the 25-year-old guilty of murder this week say it was a heart-wrenching decision, but one they made in confidence. On Thursday, the jury and alternate jurors say down with CNN's Anderson Cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months. When asked if they knew who Hernandez was before the trial started, most raised their hands. Only one juror, Rosalie Oliver, didn't know of the tight end who had a $40million contract with the local NFL team.
Brian the lar gibbon, who is 50-years-old, was videoed by Amanda Dorman from South Lanarkshire, Scotland. She captured the critters creepy walk on a visit to the Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick. The seven-second video was shared over 130,000 times before The Lad Bible page picked it up and added the caption: Running across the landing naked when you forget your towel'
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. But in a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
Former Melbourne woman Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. The 28-year-old regularly boasts on Twitter that her daughter likes watching IS videos of 'Muslims killing bad ppl' The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' the children, after their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border. 'We pray they come back but it does not look good,' a family spokesman said.
Bronze sculpture of Yu The Great's wife is in Wuhan, central China. It depicts Yu, founder of China's first Xia Dynasty in 2070 BC, meeting his wife. Over the years tourists have kept touching Yu's hand, the fox's back, and his wife's exposed breast - leading to them becoming worn. Locals accuse tourists of having a lack of respect for culture.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. After freezing still for several seconds, Pakak lowers the ball slowly down. She then places it in between her teeth, back to where it started.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The former Austria U21 international had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics. The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013. She gave birth to her son, Reggie, last summer and will compete in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games in London this July.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season. But his last one  the only goal of the game at Burnley  meant the world, because it was for someone special. Ive been on an emotional rollercoaster of late. My gran passed away a few weeks ago and she meant an awful lot to me. We had a great relationship,' he said.
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion when its owners sent it to the groomers. According to the dogs owner, Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. Shaved from the front legs back, the dog boasts a voluminous mane around its head and neck.
Manchester City are keen to sign Anderlecht teenager Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club's youth set-up. Arsenal and Barcelona have also been linked with the youngster. The Belgian starlet rejected a move to Barcelona's La Masia academy when he was 12.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao. Negredo joined Valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the Mestalla as soon as he played for the La Liga club. Reports in Spain on Thursday suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season.
Roland Giroux captured his relationship with his blood parrot cichlid on camera. The man places his hand into the tank and gently cups the fish with his fingers. The fish begins swimming around the man's fingers and towards the surface. Mr Giroux massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day.
Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague when he left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic capital. Ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the £499 Nikon. When Aaron got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. He messaged seller Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu, who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a Ryanair flight attendant. The Portuguese-born thief begged Aaron
Mauricio Pochettino says another campaign in the Europa League will hamper Tottenham's hopes of breaking into the top-four. Spurs' chances of qualifying for next season's Champions League look over following poor results against Burnley and Aston Villa. But the White Hart Lane club could yet secure another season in the competition.
Jordan Spieth won his first ever major title with victory at the Masters. Rory McIlroy finished on 12 under par, six shots behind the eventual winner. The world No 1 and Tiger Woods were paired together for the final day. McIlory admits he was beaten by the better man this week.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the final of the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013. The German broke serve five times against an opponent who hadn't lost serve all week. It was the second straight knockdown final for Keys and Kerber.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of this weekend's Fed Cup semi-final with a leg inury. Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA team for the World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons. The best-of-five series will be played outdoors on red clay at the Circolo Tennis Brindisi.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer. The defender's deal is set to expire at the end of the season. Flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad. Brendan Rodgers is a big fan of the Liverpudlian and is keen to keep him.
Sania Mirza is the first Indian to reach the top of the WTA doubles ranking. The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Martina Hingis. Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg. Rosberg accused Hamilton of being selfish by driving too slow and compromising his second position. Former world champion Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was well within his rights to look after himself. Hamilton is bidding to win a third World Championship title this season.
Nico Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being'selfish' in China. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff says the pair have been reminded of their responsibilities to the team. Hamilton has finished ahead of Rosberg in all three races this season. The next race is in Bahrain on Sunday, with Rosberg eager for retribution.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular calls' for their drivers. Mercedes are under pressure from Ferrari in the Formula One title race. Nico Rosberg complained about Lewis Hamilton's driving during the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton won the race and has won two of the three races this season.
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes team-mate claimed the Briton slowed during the race. Rosberg has been out-qualified and out-raced by Hamilton so far this season. Hamilton leads the Drivers' Championship by 13 points from Rosberg. Click here for more Formula One news.
Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium. Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick for Wasps. Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua also scored tries. Wasps have now won away from home in the Aviva Premiership in 2015.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. Nico Rosberg claimed he had been'selfish' by slowing down. The Mercedes drivers had a row in the paddock after the race. Hamilton and Rosberg met with Mercedes management after race. Both drivers have now had their say on the row.
Aaron Cook is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class. The 24-year-old has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012. Cook has said he felt he had no other option due to a lack of funding and support from GB.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate Jordon Ibe. Here, Sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field. Jack Wilshere has found himself under fire amid a smoking row. Diego Maradona was suspended for 15 months in 1991 after testing positive for cocaine.
Rangers have been fined £5,500 by the Scottish Football Association. The previous board breached 'dual ownership' rules by allowing Newcastle chief Mike Ashley into Ibrox. Ashley owns 9.82 per cent of the Glasgow giants but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with Hampden chiefs. Two of his closest associates sat as directors until last month's general meeting.
Real Madrid could be set to play in a grey and yellow away kit. The European champions' home kit is set to feature three grey stripes. The pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped. The away kit will feature yellow trim and a greyed-out badge.
Celtic came from a goal down to beat Kilmarnock 4-1 on Wednesday night. Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick after coming off the bench. Darryl Westlake's deflected strike had given the visitors a shock lead. Kris Commons and the second-half introduction of Griffiths sparked Celtic into life.
Nigel Pearson has urged Leicester to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety. Last week's 3-2 win at West Brom handed them a survival lifeline. But Pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs.
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps confirmed his intention to make one last run at the Olympics on Wednesday. He will be competing in his first meet since serving a six-month suspension by USA Swimming after a second drunken driving arrest.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at this week's Arena Pro Swim Series in Mesa, Arizona. The April 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top U.S. swimmers, including Phelps's chief rival Ryan Lochte. Phelps was suspended last year by USA Swimming after his arrest on drunk driving charges.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt, the fastest sprinter of all time, when he became the first American President to visit the island since 1982. He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Juan Mata scored both goals as Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1. The Spain international also impressed in the 3-0 win over Tottenham. Mata has been excluded from the Spain squad since their World Cup exit. Louis van Gaal's side return to Premier League action against Aston Villa.
Emmanuel Adebayor takes to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham. The 31-year-old insists he will fight for his place at White Hart Lane. Adebyor has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season. The Togo international has scored only twice in the Premier League.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring glory back to Manchester United. United head to Chelsea on Saturday in top form, having won six successive matches. Victory at Stamford Bridge would put United within five points of the Blues. Van Gaal revealed this week that he started planning in January for players he wanted to bring in this summer.
Louis van Gaal has won a battle to install floodlights at the club's Carrington training ground. The meticulous Manchester United boss was stunned to find that players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city when he arrived last summer. He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is very keen to replicate match conditions during sessions.
Maria Sharapova will play for her country against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals next week. World No 2 rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule, but will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19 in Sochi. Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics. Russia captain Anastasia Myskina has also picked Svetlana Kuznetsova.
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The world No 3 posted on Twitter a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers, displaying his various plans for the day. Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Wolfsburg beat Freiburg 1-0 to reach the German Cup semi-finals. Ricardo Rodriguez scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot. Kevin de Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed a host of good chances. Borussia Dortmund will play Bayern Munich in the other semi-final.
Six-time Olympic gold medallist will compete at the relay championship on May 2 and 3 as part of the Jamaican team. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing Jamaica colours. JAAA General Secretary Garth Gayle commented, 'We were extremely pleased that Usain was available for selection'
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages. The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane. Chairman Daniel Levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past, but is so keen to show the door that he has now changed tact.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. The former Chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience and admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him. Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach after Saturday's win.
PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in their Champions League quarter-final first leg. David Luiz was nutmegged twice by Luis Suarez in the build-up to the Uruguayan's two goals. Sky Sports pundit Glenn Hoddle described Luiz as a 'liability at the back' Thierry Henry questioned the Brazilian's fitness after coming on as a sub.
Torpedo Moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol. Torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula on Sunday. Sunday's game was also marred by crowd violence, with Tor Pedo fans attacking Arsenal supporters and police. The punishment will not take effect until May because Torpingo are already required to play their next two games behind closed doors for a separate incident.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. The German champions travelled with only 15 outfield players to Portugal. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba, among others, were injured. Bayern have been cruising towards the Bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six games for Aston Villa. The Belgium striker has scored a goal every 87 minutes since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park. He admits he surprised himself by scoring a hat-trick with a free-kick against QPR last week.
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini. Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract in Germany but a quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers let him go this summer. The 44-year-old's early record in the competition is stunning, lifting the trophy two times in three years - although he will not inherit a team featuring the likes of Xavi, Andres Iniesta and Lionel Messi in Manchester.
Black players of Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain. Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident'
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown. John Wild, from Wotton-under-Edge in Gloucestershire, was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service, pay compensation and cover court fees. Kick It Out, who work within football to promote equality and encourage inclusive practices, has responded to Brown's concerns following Wild's conviction.
Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline for the next day. Abola simply write: 'Superb!' Two goals from Ricardo Quaresma and another from Jackson Martinez saw Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. Dom Manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days as the Warriors three times came from behind to secure a fourth win in five matches. Ryan Hampshire, Anthony Gelling and Liam Farrell also touched down while centre Chris Bridge scored two tries for the visitors.
Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart. Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Aston Villa and Liverpool meet in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Sportsmail's Martin Keown and Romeu go head-to-head.
Sam Tomkins is to cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors. The 26-year-old will rejoin his home-town club on a four-year contract from 2016. Tomkins rejected an offer from Warrington in order to return to Wigan. Wigan received a world record transfer fee, thought to be around £700,000, for Tomkins.
Kevin Pietersen's agents have helped him outplay the ECB without any help from outside experts. Shivnarine Chanderpaul wants to continue playing Test cricket so that he can play with his son Tagenarine. Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director despite his Ashes humiliation. Tehsin Nayani, who acted as a PR spokesman for the Glazer family, has written the 'The Glazer Gatekeeper'
Swansea's Gerhard Tremmel, 36, is the understudy to Lukasz Fabianski. Glen Johnson looks set to end his six-year spell at Liverpool. Kolo Toure, Ron Vlaar and Tom Cleverley are all set to leave. Newcastle's Jonas Gutierrez is an inspirational figure.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company in what appears to be the first move towards taking control at Valley Parade. The Italian has been searching for a way back into football since he left Loftus Road in 2011 and has attempted to buy Birmingham City from Carson Yeung. Bradford were beaten 6-0 at home by Bristol City on Tuesday.
Nigel Pearson has taken advice from former manager Howard Wilkinson. Leicester host Swansea on Saturday looking for a third straight win. The Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games. Pearson has come under the spotlight this season after a foul-mouthed spat with a fan and a touchline altercation with Crystal Palace's James McArthur.
Winger Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days. Ben Flower made his return from a six-month ban after being sent off for punching Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of Wigan's Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October. Warrington could hardly have made a better start, scoring two tries inside the first 10 minutes.
Diafra Sakho is West Ham's top scorer this season with 12 goals. The 25-year-old was forced off after 59 minutes against Stoke City. West Ham claimed Sakho could return 'before the end of the season' But it appears unlikely he will be fit enough to feature before the next campaign.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night. Gareth Bale missed a one-on-one chance in the first half. The Welshman was verbally abused by supporters outside the club's training ground on Wednesday morning. It comes almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin problem. The England midfielder has been ruled out of the FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week but is not certain.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. The 25-year-old was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week, and did not show, and again on Monday for the matters to he heard. After her second fail to appear, police issued an arrest warrant. Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos.
Leeds' sporting director Nicola Salerno has resigned, the club's disqualified owner Massimo Cellino is reported to have confirmed. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended. Salerno, who worked with Cellino at his previous club Cagliari, has been reported in Italy to be lined up to become sporting director at Serie A club Palermo.
Jockey Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday. The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained gelding. Coleman knows more than most how fickle fortune can be in the biggest steeplechase in the world.
West Ham manager Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Premier League season. The Hammers started strongly against Stoke before wasting their efforts with a lack of concentration late on. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser to once again see West Ham lose points late on in a game.
Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute. Tim Sherwood returned to the home of his former club for the first time. The Villa boss is renowned for his fiery touchline displays.
Swansea manager Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before making decision on Spaniard's future at the Liberty Stadium. Michu has spent a frustrating season on loan at Napoli where injury has seen him make just five appearances for Rafa Bentitez's Serie A giants. The 29-year-old said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea this summer.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line to pull Malaga back into the game before half-time. Torres has found goals difficult to come by since his January return to the Vicente Calderon and has scored just four times for Diego Simeone's side.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out of the clash with Eibar. Jese is to start his first game in 389 days in Bale's absence. Goal-line technology will be brought in for the Coppa Italia Final.
Swansea City host Everton at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Garry Monk wants his former team to continue their good form. The Swansea boss believes a strong finish will put a different twist on Everton's season. But Monk holds no ill feeling towards Roberto Martinez, despite him criticising Swansea's'strange' tactics in November.
Cristiano Ronaldo puts Real Madrid into a 1-0 lead with a 21st minute free-kick. Manchester United loanee Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez doubles the lead in the 31st minute. Jese makes it 3-0 in the 83rd minute with his fifth goal for Los Blancos. Real Madrid remain top of La Liga, one point ahead of Barcelona.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga on Wednesday night. Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet for Carlo Ancelotti's side. The 33-year-old has been subjected to heavy criticism this season. Real have slipped four points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Danny Ings has found goals hard to come by for Burnley in recent weeks. The 23-year-old has scored just once in six games for the Clarets. Sean Dyche has told Ings to keep on smiling and the goals will return. Ashley Barnes says he has forgotten about the Nemanja Matic incident.
patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich, Germany, and was charged 2,000 euros (£1,435) He believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia. The dentist - known as K - claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped the'spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients'
Jimmy Anderson has been motivated to play 100 Tests for England by the bitter memories of being marginalised in the early stages of his outstanding career. Anderson makes his landmark appearance here in Antigua on Monday needing just four wickets to overtake Sir Ian Botham. The Lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler.
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role in the ECB. Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean. Broad says it will be a great achievement for Jimmy Anderson to become England's leading wicket taker.
Moeen Ali says he is ready to take on Australia's two left-arm Mitchells in the Ashes. Moeen is planning to join up with the England squad ahead of the second Test in the Caribbean, starting in Grenada on April 21. He intends to put to good use the experience gained during the World Cup where he averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for the county season in an attempt to regain his England place. Pietersen's chances of a recall have been boosted by the likely appointment of Michael Vaughan in the new ECB director of cricket role created following the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director. Andrew Strauss says the Pietersen affair is a 'distraction' for English cricket. Strauss said he can see no way back for the man he fell out with.
Thierry Henry hailed Francis Coquelin for his display in Arsenal's 1-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday night. The former Gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old 'Columbo' The Frenchman played a key role in Aaron Ramsey's 12th-minute goal when he intercepted a Burnley pass.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday. Hammers boss Sam Allardyce was disappointed with his side's late slip-up. Aaron Cresswell had given West Ham the lead in the first half. Marko Arnautovic equalised five minutes into stoppage time.
Michael Owen was speaking on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday. The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season. Adam, Bobby Zamora, Wayne Rooney and Jermain Defoe all scored superb goals against West Brom, QPR and Sunderland last weekend.
Manchester City have lost four of their last five games in all competitions. Manuel Pellegrini's side face West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Mail on Sunday can reveal City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago, when they were seeking to replace Roberto Mancini.
Sarah Sparkman, a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized on screen. She was met with a tirade of anger from Britt McHenry, despite not tagging her in the tweet. 'Technically given the two of us, you're the rando,' McHenry tweeted, adding: 'you sound really bitter. if you work as hard as you say you do, you wouldn't bash more successful ppl on twitter' The Twitter tirade bore surprising similarities with her attack against single mother-of-three Gina Michelle of Arlington, Virginia, on Easter weekend.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 on Monday. When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace' Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop.
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday. They defeated the women of the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4. Both teams will now compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January. The suspect stole his car while it was running, according to prosecutors. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. Bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft.
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. The band were on stage when a large group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub. Seven people are in a critical condition according to Dr Mario Henriquez. The dead people have not been officially named yet although they are thought to be in their 20s and 30s.
Stephen Taylor, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent at 11.30am. The 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with his partner throughout the day. But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. Coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off Hill Head. Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Jacob Polyakov cracked his head after plunging off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. His friend Jamal Maslow, who fell off the roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on the corner of one of the steps. Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident and found Mr Maslow in huge amounts of pain.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage at Wembley. The BBC may miss out on the Premier League's pricey weekly thrills, but took the biscuit on Saturday with their match coverage.
Fabricio Coloccini has been captain of Newcastle since 2011. John Carver says the club will review that position at the end of the season. The Magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year and that has infuriated coaching staff. Carver will recommend that Daryl Janmaat is rewarded for an impressive first season.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Wayne Rooney has revealed that United's game plan was to target City's work-shy midfield. City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer. Ashley Young claimed United fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
BBC Radio 5 Live commentator Guy Mowbray posted his notes on Twitter ahead of Monday night's Premier League clash between Liverpool and Newcastle. The notes are thorough from start to finish with numbers for appearances, goals, transfer fees and other interesting tidbits to keep the millions of listeners across the country well informed. He correctly predicted the starting line-ups, naming 19 of the 22 players who took to the field. However, he surprisingly, and incorrectly, predicted that 18-year-old midfielder Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start. Instead Jordan Ibe returned from injury, while Brannagen was an unused
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. He celebrated by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne on the podium. Leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate' The 30-year-old was described as a 'bully' and 'disgusting' on Twitter.
Nathaniel Clyne has started England's last four games, including Euro 2016 qualifiers against Slovenia and Lithuania. The Southampton defender has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United. The 24-year-old has openly admitted he is eager to start his Champions League career. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
The creatures were discovered at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time. Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound. The full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees.
Brendan Rodgers has met with Raheem Sterling to remind him of his responsibilities as a role model. The Liverpool starlet has escaped club punishment after being pictured holding a shisha pipe. Sterling was critcised by Rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide. The 20-year-old has once again not been fined after the Liverpool boss spoke to him as well as Jordon Ibe.
Tom Ince scored two long-range goals as Derby came from behind to draw 4-4 at Huddersfield. Ince is currently on loan at Derby from Premier League side Hull City. Former England and Manchester United midfielder Paul was in the stands. Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 in Turin to move 15 points clear of second place. Carlos Tevez and Leonardo Bonucci scored in the first half. Lazio's run of six consecutive victories came to an end on Saturday. Sampdoria were held to a goalless draw by Cesena to take a share of fourth.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. Young is now being touted for a return to the England set-up. United beat Liverpool to sign Young from Aston Villa for £17m in 2011.
Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he had landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012. But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers. Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has maintained their dominance in the Bundesliga. Manchester City want Guardiola to become their next manager, but the indications are that he will not be ready to leave Bayern Munich until 2016, when his three-year contract expires.
Vincent Kompany may not be seen again this season after injury. The Manchester City captain was substituted during Sunday's 4-2 derby defeat at Manchester United. Manuel Pellegrini claims he is not concerned by mounting pressure over his position at the Etihad. The Chilean boss has seen City win just four of their last 15 matches.
Nico Rosberg feels he may have handed Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage with his post-Chinese Grand Prix outburst. Damon Hill, the 1996 world champion, remarked the German had shot himself in the foot by publicly airing his grievances. Rosberg concedes he would not do anything differently under the circumstances that materialised at the Shanghai International Circuit on Sunday.
Gary Neville believes Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of Jose Mourinho. The duo have been friends since they first worked together at Barcelona in 1997. Mourinho and Van Gaal will come face-to-face on Saturday when the former's Manchester United travel to Premier League leaders Chelsea. Neville believes Mourinho may try to nulify the threat of the big Belgian midfielder by selecting John Obi Mikel or Kurt Zouma in midfield.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he is disappointed in Yaya Toure. Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the Ivorian. Toure has two years left on a £220,000-a-week deal at the Etihad Stadium. City will also face the Hammers without captain Vincent Kompany.
Roma failed to make the most of Lazio's defeat to league leaders Juventus. Roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened Atalanta to move level on points with their city rival in second spot. Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the penalty spot after just three minutes. But the hosts couldn't convert pressure into genuine goalscoring opportunities.
Firefighters responded to cries for help - from two parrots. Crew scoured a burning home in Boise, Idaho, searching for people shouting 'Help!' and 'Fire!' Eventually, to their surprise, they found a pair of squawking birds. Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen. They are expected to survive.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Napoli with a neat one-on-one finish. Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napolis advantage. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini grabbed a third goal just minutes after coming on to put the game well and truly beyond doubt in the early stages of the second half.
Karim Benzema limped out of Real Madrid's training on Friday. The Frenchman picked up a knee injury in Tuesday's 0-0 draw at Atletico Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed that Benzema will miss Saturday's La Liga game against Malaga. The French striker is expected to be fit for the return game on Wednesday.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens, exclaiming: The big egg has another normal egg in it! While the instance is extremely rare, its caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte  the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg  is released too soon. The phenomenon has been mentioned as far back as 1250 AD by the Dominican friar and polymath Albertus Magnus in his book De Animalibus.
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15th Street Station shows a man lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform at 6.40 on Wednesday night. Almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him. Within a minute, transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men, who are expected to survive any injuries.
The month-old cubs, born March 11, were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg. The two cubs  one black, the other spotty  are the fifth brood of mother and father Agnes and Rock. According to the zoo, the two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air. The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors. Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Eric Carter and Stephanie McCassin, both of Manchester, were arrested on warrants Thursday, four months after the child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4. The child was not hurt. MacDonald told police that she is the. child's caretaker because of her son's, Carter's, past drug problems.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash. 'Bourbon easy! Off!' a man filming the scene is heard yelling.
Gareth Bale pulled up with a calf strain after just two minutes of Real Madrids league game on Saturday. The Welsh forward will almost certainly miss the second leg of the Champions League against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks. The team won all their games without him with a four-man midfield.
Ministers refused blanket refund to families who had to pay extra to get documents. Just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between April last year and January this year, scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year. The total paid out was £203,066, giving an average sum of £92.68.
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda. The 30-year-old has admitted he is 'proud' to be linked with a move to Old Trafford. But Miranda insists he is keen on staying at the Vicente Calderon. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona. Their owner says that 'fat' Clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves, which are considered a delicacy among goats. After about a minute he decides he's had enough and starts to walk off.
Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Arsenal's Jack Wilshere are targets for Manchester City. The struggling Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up. City also maintain an interest in Liverpools unsettled England forward Raheem Sterling. Frank Lampard is set to leave the Etihad Stadium and James Milner is likely to follow him.
Barcelona forward Pedro could join Liverpool if Raheem Sterling leaves. The 27-year-old World Cup winner would command £90,000-a-week wages. That is £10,000 less than Liverpool have offered Sterling. Pedro would also cost considerably less than Sterling  understood to be available for £50million - would sell for.
BMW is recalling 91,800 Mini Coopers to fix a defect that may prevent the air bag on the front passenger side of the cars from deploying in a crash. The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. Only one person has been injured so far as a result of the passenger seat defect.
Kenedy has been linked with a number of top European clubs. Chelsea are favourites to sign the 19-year-old Brazilian starlet. Fluminense have agreed to sell Kenedy's economic rights to Giuliano Bertolucci's agency. The forward is represented by former Portugal international Deco.
Daniel Steele, 25, was arrested at his home in Raleigh not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40pm on Saturday night. Kimberly Dianne Richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital. Steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder.
Mats Hummels is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The Germany defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Franz Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the right age to leave Dortmund. Click here for more Manchester United transfer news.
Robin van Persie has scored 10 goals for Manchester United this season. The Dutchman has been out injured for six weeks with an ankle ligament injury. Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in signing the 32-year-old. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers.
Inter Milan are prepared to offer Yaya Toure a five-year contract. Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro. The Italian believes Toure has the capacity to dominate games in Serie A well into his mid-30s, like Juventus midfielder Andrea Pirlo has. Manchester City want to keep Toure and will offer him a new deal.
Mats Hummels has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The Germany defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. HumMels has two years left to run on his contract with Dortmund. Manchester United were reportedly willing to offer up to £30million for his services.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop. The Gunners are confident of completing a deal for the 16-year-old in the coming days. The Argentine wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi and would stay at Velez on loan for at least two more seasons.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in Sunday's FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. The Republic of Ireland goalkeeper played every round of Newcastles run but was dropped in favour of Steve Harper for the Wembley showpiece. Given has an FA Cup winners medal from 2011 but was an unusued substitute for the final against Stoke with Joe Hart in net.
Steven Gerrard is set to start the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Aston Villa on Sunday. The 34-year-old has been missing all month after serving his three-match ban for seeing red against Manchester United last month. Gerrard will patrol the middle of midfield to mark his 36th - and potentially final - game at Wembley.
Sean Dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during Burnley's first season back in the Premier League. Dyche claims another manager has urged him to'move with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. Burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining but are only two points from a safe position.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board. The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' - a right hand barrel at Margaret River's main break on Wednesday. Another spectacular wipe-out went to Owen Wright just after he dropped in on a huge wave. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup in March. The red card forced Louis van Gaal to change his starting line-up. Marouane Fellaini was one of the stand out players in the 3-0 win over Tottenham. United have picked up 25 points from their last 10 games. But Paul Scholes says they are still some way off challenging for the title.
Calum Chambers has enjoyed a fine debut season with Arsenal. The 20-year-old signed from Southampton for £16million last July. Chambers has established himself as a first team regular having already made 36 appearances for the Gunners this season. Wenger admitted to overplaying Chambers with only Santi Cazorla (45), Alexis Sanchez (44) and Per Mertesacker (40) having appeared more times.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Tim Sherwood has been a fan of Raheem Sterling since he was 14. Sherwood tried to sign Sterling for Tottenham's academy as a schoolboy. Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is back for the match after serving a three-match ban.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea within the modern confines of UEFA's Financial Fair Play rules. United, as one of the biggest earners in world football, have the financial scope to fund a massive squad. Chelsea are forced to sell players such as Juan Mata to balance the books. Mourinho joked the fair play match delegates which have ruled his players are the worst behaved in the Premier League are too busy eating to watch the match.
'Kid Kulafu' charts Manny Pacquiao's rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring. The film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected cinemas in the US and Canada later this month. 'He's just like every one of us. He was born with nothing but because of God, because of hard work and faith, he became something,' director Paul Soriano said.
Rafa Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters. Nadal is an eight-time champion at Monte Carlo but hasn't won the tournament since 2012. The Spaniard will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round.
Milos Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. Nick Kyrgios burst onto the scene with a shock fourth-round victory over two-time champion Rafael Nadal. The duo will join Nadal, Andy Murray, Stan Wawrinka, Marin Cilic and defending champion Grigor Dimitrov at Queen's.
Jordan Spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta. The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods. Spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title in record-breaking fashion in the 79th Masters.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following storming start to the new Formula One season. Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together. Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4 in Monte Carlo. David Ferrer is also through after his opponent Victor Estrella Burgos retired with a shoulder injury. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff 6-3 6-2.
Prize money at the French Open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million (£20.2million) The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m), around 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year. The tournament, held at Roland Garros and beginning on May 24, remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals when Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine. The 25-1 shot, who was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize. The Lambourn handler had previously saddled four National runners and non of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-olds hard-fought victory.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne at podium girl Liu Siying at Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing as he aimed the fizz at her face. Sexism campaigners called his behaviour'selfish and inconsiderate' But the Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she wasn't offended. She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and that's what I did'
Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension. The 33-year-old Spaniard is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem. Arteta has missed much of the season but his team-mates have racked up a run of eight successive victories.
Sportsmail's Marcus Townend and Sam Turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race. Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor? Or will one of the other contenders take their place in history? Find out by clicking play on the video below.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing' Hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl Liu Siying. The incident drew condemnation from Object, a campaign group against sexism, which condemned Hamilton's behaviour as'selfish and inconsiderate' Siying has since defended Hamilton, remarking to the Shanghai Daily: 'It lasted for only one or two seconds, and I did not think too much about it at all'
AP McCoy will retire if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million Crabbies Grand National on Saturday. McCoy announced his plans to retire in February. The 40-year-old has won the title every year since he first won it in 1997. McCoy won the race on Dont Push It in 2010.
Alex Hales has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. The big-hitting top-order batsman has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches - including at the World Cup. Hales is hoping for more continuity when England resume their ODI schedule this summer.
Billy Vunipola has been cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait. The incident occurred during Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park. V unipola's case will be heard by a three-man panel on Tuesday. The panel will also consider the case of Leicester centre Vereniki Goneva. Goneva has also been cited, but has chosen not to attend.
Australia hooker Nathan Charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling the disease. Charles has earned four caps for Australia and is in with an outside chance of making Michael Chieka's World Cup squad.
Scotland international centre Matt Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season. The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for Septembers World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year. Scott hasnt played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month.
Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz warned Renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of Formula One. Renault endured a Chinese Grand Prix to forget as Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure. Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has boldly declared to Red Bull team principal Christian Horner his aim that come late May there will be no further power- unit issues.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took firm control of the first Test against the West Indies in Antigua. Ballance's 122 was the mainstay of England's 333 for seven declared leaving West Indies needing an unlikely 438 to win. There needs to be an opening for KP to make a sensational England comeback. But there looks to be no room in the line-up for Pietersen.
Gary Ballance's hundred looks to have closed the door on an England return for Kevin Pietersen in the near future. Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. Former Ashes hero Flintoff believes Pietersen is now running out of time to resurrect his Test career.
Bangladeshi politician Kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India in Melbourne last month. Kamal's remarks were described at the time as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson. There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in a role which is largely ceremonial under its updated constitution.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the Pelicans beat the San Antonio Spurs 108-103 to reach the NBA play-offs. Tyreke Evans had 19 points and 11 assists, and Eric Gordon added 14 points for New Orleans, which had to win to make the post-season because Oklahoma City also won in Minnesota. Marc Gasol's 33 points helped condemn the Indiana Pacers to a 95-83 defeat at the Memphis Grizzlies. The Brooklyn Nets clinched the final Eastern Conference playoff spot, beating the Orlando Magic 101-88 and getting help from Memphis.
Aaron Ramsey was relieved after Arsenal fought their way past Reading in extra time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez's two goals, the second via a howler from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici, saw the defending champions through despite Garath McCleary's goal for the Royals. Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal.
England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503) Gary Ballance and Ian Bell made centuries in the first Test. Joe Roots 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked. Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara were in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month. The 25-year-old believes he deserves to be higher up the pecking order. Bertrand made his move to Southampton from Chelsea permanent in January after impressing on loan from Chelsea.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League. Ronald Koeman's side beat Hull 2-0 at St Mary's on Saturday. The Saints travel to the Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season. Koeman believes his side must win their last six games to finish in the top four.
Moha El Ouriachi is set to sign for Stoke City, according to his agent. The 19-year-old Barcelona B player is keen to seek first-team action. Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Marc Muniesa from Barcelona.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's win over Sunderland. Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for the winger to leave. The Eagles boss says the bidding will have to start at £20million. Tony Pulis returns to Selhurst Park for the first time since leaving.
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's (Saturday, 3pm) Saints midfielder Filip Djuricic ruled out with an ankle injury. Steven Davis could return to Saints side after recovering from ankle problem. Hull keeper Allan McGregor could be rested by Steve Bruce. Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out. Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic also unavailable for Tigers.
Harry Kane has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Eden Hazard is the red hot favourite to win the accolade. Mauricio Pochettino says Kane deserves to win for his impact on English football. Spurs boss defends decision to play pre-season game against MLS All Stars in Colorado.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock. The 24-year-old came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after a poor first-half. Griffiths has scored 15 goals in all competitions for Celtic this season.
Winston Reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with West Ham last month. The 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham. Reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at West Ham. The club are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016/17.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Hammers are 10th in the Premier League, while City are fourth. West Ham will be without Diafra Sakho because of a thigh strain. Enner Valencia is expected to return from a foot problem.
Rangers drew 1-1 with Livingston at the Energy Assets Arena last week. Hibernian are four points behind Rangers in the Scottish Championship. Rangers boss Stuart McCall believes his side's main promotion rivals could drop points against Livingston on Wednesday. McCall admits he will be cheering on the Championship strugglers.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Lucas has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. The Brazilian missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million to nurture the talents of the next generation of stars. He said Labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities and projects. Mr Burnham accused David Cameron of failing to get tough on the Premier League despite a massive increase in its TV revenues.
Jonny Howson scored on his return to Elland Road to put Norwich ahead. Graham Dorrans hit the crossbar with a first half penalty. The Norwich midfielder made amends with a second goal in injury-time. The result keeps Norwich in the Championship's automatic promotion places.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the Cup and a top four finish. The Belgium stopper has forced his way back into the team by cutting a more commanding figure since being dropped for a short spell. He will be tasked with stopping team-mate Christian Benteke.
Jose Mourinho has defended Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini. The Blues boss said the City boss had been treated like a 'criminal' Chelsea are 11 points clear of Manchester United at the top of the Premier League. Mourinho's side travel to Old Trafford to face the Red Devils on Saturday.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German coach has been linked with a move to the Premier League. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists Klopp is not coming to Stamford Bridge to take his job. Stoke boss Mark Hughes believes Klopp's European experience will work in his favour for clubs looking to compete on the biggest stage. Arsenal defender Per Mertesacker has backed Klopp to be a success in England. Sam Allardyce has complained the the arrival of foreign coaches limits homegrown opportunities.
Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock 3-1 on Wednesday. Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick to move eight points clear at the top. Ronny Deila said Griffiths should be an example to other subs. Celtic face Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup on Sunday.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Ricardo Quaresma, Jackson Martinez and Thiago Alcantara on target. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola says his side suffered from injuries. Porto manager Julen Lopetegui says his team can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have won three of their last four Premier League games. The Dutchman has changed a number of things at Old Trafford. Marouane Fellaini, Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have all improved.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham and could leave this summer. The 27-year-old recently insisted he was prepared to fight for his place in the Tottenham team.
The Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon will hold the Brazil 2016 Olympics rowing and canoe competitions. Currently, the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it. Officials say the recent problems are the result of rain, which caused the lake's temperature to plummet.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A and are nine points behind Juve. Stefano Pioli says his side will go 'all out for victory' against Juventus. Roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third in the standings, one point behind Lazio.
Chris Smalling scored Manchester United's fourth goal in their 4-2 derby demolition of champions Manchester City. Smalling has now scored the same amount of Premier League goals this season as former teammate Danny Welbeck at Arsenal with four. United are third, eight points behind leaders Chelsea, who they face on Saturday.
Liverpool are seven points behind Manchester City but have a game in hand. The Reds face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side also have a chance to win the FA Cup if they beat Aston Villa and QPR at Wembley. Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho will be hoping to shine for the Reds against Newcastle.
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday. The French centre-back faces three to four weeks out of action with a hamstring injury. Sakho will sit out his side's clash against Newcastle United at Anfield on Monday night and is set to miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley on April 19. Kolo Toure is in line to deputise once more for Sakho.
SNCF have made an official complaint to French prosecutors. Last of the riders went through the barrier about eight seconds before the TGV train arrived at the Waller crossing. One rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down. Race organisers said it had not been possible for the leaders to stop in time.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The 19-year-old has been out since damaging knee ligaments against Besiktas on February 26. Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked absolutely sensational after stepping up his rehabilitation work in the last couple of weeks. Ibe could start against Newcastle on Monday night.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of this season than they were last year. Sebastian Vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season in Shanghai. The Finn is confident Ferrari can catch and regularly beat German rivals.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes at Old Trafford. Mario Balotelli tweeted: 'Yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun!!! 1-0 OLD TRAFFORD...Stand up and shut up' Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer has unveiled his mouth guard ahead of the bout. The container that it comes in reads 'MouthGuards for Champions' Mayweather is favourite with the bookmakers with less than a month to go until the fight that the entire world of boxing will stop to see.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. Liverpool were prepared to exploit a Premier League loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer. But Louis van Gaal is attempting to use the same method to trump their rivals and secure the services of the 22-year-old. Real Sociedad, Tottenham and Manchester City are all interested.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne were among Premier League stars to attend a special event to tackle Ebola on Sunday night. The West Ham striker and Southampton right-back were in attendance at Searcys function rooms in Knightsbridge in London's West End. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto.
Manny Pacquiao trained on the streets of Los Angeles on Friday. The 36-year-old ran along the trail at Griffith Park ahead of his fight with Floyd Mayweather. The Filipino was joined by his dog Pacman as he worked out in front of watching spectators. The fight with Mayweather is set to take place on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were snapped with Louis van Gaal at Wing's Chinese restaurant on Sunday night. Duggan later removed the photo from Instagram and issued an apology on Facebook. Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with England and United captain Wayne Rooney among its regulars. Van Gaal was joined by his wife Truus with friends from Holland at the five-star Chinese restaurant in the city centre.
David Villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange. The 33-year-old made the move to the newly formed MLS outfit this season. The NYSE's opening and closing bells mark the start and end of each trading day. The opening bell is rung at 9.30am and the closing bell is struck at 4pm.
Stuart Pearce believes Manuel Pellegrini should be given more time to turn Manchester City's fortunes around. City's title challenge has capitulated in recent weeks and they now face a battle to even finish in the top four. Pearce blamed Citys poor run of form on the fading influence of Ivorian Yaya Toure.
Ben Flower does not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. The Wales forward made his first appearance since he punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final. The 27-year-old came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match.
Rafa Benitez guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005. He has also won the FA Cup, Europa League and Coppa Italia with Chelsea. But he has never won the Premier League with Liverpool or Napoli. He is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the box. Referee Lee Mason did not award a penalty despite replays showing the defender scything the Spaniard down and not making contact with the ball. Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville said it was an 'absolute stonewall penalty'
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. Falkirk boss Peter Houston goaded his vanquished rival Alan Stubbs. Houston claimed Stubbs should be examining his side's tactical failings.
Middlesbrough host Norwich City in the Championship on Friday night. Ben Gibson, 22, is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club. His uncle, Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant times in the club's history. Boro won the Carling Cup in 2004 and reached the UEFA Cup final in 2006.
Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining. To drop points would mean to drop out of the race for the two automatic slots to the Barclays Premier League. Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are fourth going into the visit of Wolves. Wolves are seven points behind Boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Midlands rivals Birmingham.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. James Morrison headed the away side ahead after just two minutes. Craig Gardner scored the second for Tony Pulis' side. The Baggies are now eight points clear of the bottom three in the Premier League. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Brom news.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford after just four minutes. Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets' advantage in the 41st minute. Gary Gardner scored a late consolation for Nottingham Forest. Kelvin Wilson was sent off for the visitors in the 72nd minute. Almen Abdi made certain of the points in the closing stages. Watford leapfrogged Middlesbrough into third in the Championship.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side now sit four points ahead of their neighbours. The Red Devils are just one point adrift of Arsenal who currently occupy second place in the Premier League. Here's how Sportsmail rated each player.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley when The Royals beat Huddersfield in the third round but footage of him backing Arsenal sparked a furious response from Reading supporters. 85% of readers felt he should not lead Steve Clarke's side out. The Football Association have offered him the opportunity to be a mascot for England later this year.
Albert Adomah opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the ninth minute. Norwich midfielder Alex Tettey headed the ball into his own net in the eighth minute. Boro boss Aitor Karanka said his players deserve to be in the Premier League. The win moves Boro to the top of the Championship table, two points clear of Norwich.
Sven Goran Eriksson says Manchester City should be winning the Premier League rather than battling to stay in the top four. The former England manager was the last manager at City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family. City have lost their last two league games, a painful 4-2 derby defeat to Manchester United and a 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves at Old Trafford. Fourth official Jonathan Moss was also among those to wrap up warm. Manchester City lost 4-1 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer. Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian. Inter Milan, managed by Roberto Mancini, are interested but given his huge wages there are some doubts. City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. The 47-year-old will leave the Bundesliga club at the end of the season. Klopp has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe, including Manchester City and Real Madrid. Former Manchester City midfielder Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp would be the ideal fit as manager there.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League. Paul Scholes does however believe that his friend and former team-mate Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europes premier club competition. Scholes believes outgoing Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League  but does not believe he will replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City.
Craig Cathcart fired Watford into the lead with a stunning strike in the 56th minute. The Hornets went into the game knowing a win would take them back into the automatic promotion places following Middlesbrough's victory at Norwich. Matt Ritchie put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday. Chris Maguire's stoppage-time penalty denied the Cherries and left Watford on top of the pile.
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at Parc des Princes. PSG defender David Luiz was brought back from injury in the first half. The Brazilian was replaced by Thiago Silva after 21 minutes. Suarez scored both of his goals after nutmegging the former Chelsea man.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at Manchester City, according to Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean's side in recent weeks. City are currently fourth in the Premier League, 12 points adrift of Chelsea after two straight losses.
Huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period. The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league. 'There's no hiding away from the fact we are a very good defensive team, we've just got to get our juices flowing offensively more than anything,' said Anderson.
Sylvain Distin and Antolin Alcaraz's current deals expire this summer. Distin has played more for the under-21s in the last month than the first team. But Roberto Martinez has not ruled out the prospect of them getting new deals. The Toffees boss says they need to prove they can still be important figures.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend at home to Burnley. Everton manager Roberto Martinez admits he would not be able to ease striker Lukaku through the remainder of the season even if he wanted to. Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £28million price tag.
The Centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village. The build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by Leigh of former England forward Gareth Hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup. While the sport is in its infancy in the Middle East, the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. The World Cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - Australia, New Zealand, France and Great Britain.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place in the Premier League. The Dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start of the season. United have now won their last four league matches since being knocked out of the FA Cup to Arsenal.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Premier League. Manchester City have gone from joint top on New Year's Day to 12 points off the leaders. Manuel Pellegrini is under increasing pressure after a woeful second half of the season.
Alex Hales and Chris Woakes believe England's players aren't competing in enough Twenty20 competitions. Hales was at Edgbaston on Thursday at the launch of this season's T20 domestic competition. Woakes will play alongside Brendon McCullum for a Warwickshire team now styled as the Birmingham Bears.
Yaya Toure's attacking gifts aren't enough to make up for his defensive deficiencies anymore, says Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville. Neville predicts changes at Manchester City and says the club need to get rid of 'weeds in the garden' Niall Quinn and Graeme Souness joined the chorus of criticism of the under-fire Ivorian. Jamie Carragher said the fallen champions are 'gone'
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey against MCCU Oxford. Former England star Andrew Flintoff believes time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his England career. Pietersen has not featured for England since he was sacked 14 months ago. Flintoff is optimistic about England's fortunes, despite their winter woes, with or without Pietersen.
Andrew Flintoff has called on the English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest Twenty20 Blast - and under-pressure Test captain Alastair Cook. The Blast's stock is at a new high, in its second year and 12th for the Twenty20 domestic format, with the England and Wales Cricket Board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales. Flintoff wants to spread the love too for a tournament he hopes will become an institution in British sport.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket. The former England skipper praised Alastair Cook moments before he lost his wicket in the second innings. Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team but has made no secret in his desire to replace Paul Downton in the top job in English cricket.
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg. Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery are both out with injuries. Pep Guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Bayern are also through to the German Cup semi-finals.
Alastair Cook must somehow shut out the deafening noise enveloping English cricket and concentrate on what has become one of the most important Test series of his career. Defeat against West Indies in a three-Test battle that begins here on Monday is simply unthinkable for an England captain. There has been so much happening, from the demise of Paul Downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of Kevin Pietersen.
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday. England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Richards' name. Four wickets in the game would take him past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets, making Anderson the most prolific English bowler in history.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. Patrick Vieira is in charge of Citys Under-21 development squad. City sources maintain that Pellegrini is unlikely to be axed before the end of the season.
Raheem Sterling is a primary target for Manchester City this summer. City plan to make a formal offer for the Liverpool forward at the earliest possible opportunity. The transfer window officially opens on July 1, but deals can be discussed prior to that date. Liverpool value Sterling at around £50million, a fee that City can certain afford.
Daley Blind says Wayne Rooney's team talk inspired Manchester United's 4-2 derby win over City on Sunday. United had lost their last four Premier League games against their local rivals. Blind has urged United to focus on their next game against Chelsea. The 25-year-old has played a significant role in United's run of six consecutive wins.
Pep Guardiola has a long injury list ahead of the Bundesliga match against Eintracht Frankfurt and the Champions League quarter final game against FC Porto. Guardiola spoke after defender Mehdi Benatia was ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. Wingers Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery are also sidelined. Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Louis van Gaal left Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao on the bench. Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young and Juan Mata scored in 4-1 win over Manchester City at Old Trafford. United have won their last six Premier League games and are third in the table.
James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies from Monday. Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth spoke to those who knew him and played with him in his early days for Burnley, Lancashire and England.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 off 149 deliveries for Surrey against Oxford. It was the 34-year-old's first appearance for Surrey since June 2013. Pietersen said incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a clean slate England meet West Indies in Antigua on Monday.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy in his first three seasons. The Reds boss admitted his side have to do better in the big games. Manchester City's 2-0 win over West Ham damages Liverpool's chances of finishing in the top four.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge came from behind to beat Anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of Europes top clubs. Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash. Sportsmail understands 19-year-old Oular was the reason the scouts from England and Germany were in attendance.
Adam Federici spilled Alexis Sanchezs shot into his own net in extra-time. The Reading goalkeeper was inconsolable after the match. Steve Clarke revealed: I tried to hug him but he was very, very disappointed. He just wanted to get inside and have his sad moment by himself'
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink guided Burton Albion to promotion to League One. The Brewers beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday thanks to two goals from Lucas Akins. Burton will play Northampton Town in their next League One game. HasselBaink said: 'We want to be No 1. I want the second target and that is winning the league. 'I want to stay there and the fans want toStay there as winners'
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick. Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on February 2. He was unarmed and MearKle, 36, claimed she shot Kassick in self-defense because she saw him reach into his jacket for a weapon. Her attorneys asked a judge on Friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video.
Ashley Shupe says her son Kaiden, eight, has been bullied for a year. She claims he has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating as a reaction. Kaiden was diagnosed with clinical depression in October 2013, a month into the alleged attacks. Despite notifying the school, she says they continued to let the children interact. Eventually, in March this year, Shupe filed a police report.
Spotify analysed over 2.8 million users' playlists labelled'sleep' Sheeran's Thinking Out Loud features as the top song that people fall asleep to. Brit Award winner features on the list, an additional six times. Other heavily playlist featured songs include I See Fire, The A Team and Give Me Love.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face.
Steven Gerrard was seen at Boujis nightclub in Kensington on Sunday night. The Liverpool captain spent the evening in the VIP room with friends. The defeat by Aston Villa at Wembley confirmed what he had feared all season: he would end his final year at Anfield without a trophy. Sunday's loss means there will be no birthday FA Cup final for him on May 30. Chelsea's victory over Manchester United made it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the league leaders.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. The Yorkshire side are rooted to the bottom of League One. Doncaster's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights. So they made it short and sweet, just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks at club level for Barcelona. The 27-year-old can't remember which games they are from. Messi will lead the line for Barcelona when they take on PSG on Wednesday. Click here for more Barcelona news.
Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Willy Caballero dined at San Carlo. Manchester United's Victor Valdes and Marcos Rojo were also in attendance. United had just returned from a 1-0 defeat by Premier League leaders Chelsea. City were fresh from beating West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium.
The Queen's annual visit to Newbury's opening ended with two near-misses. Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannons Desert Force in the Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. The Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away. The 7-1 shot made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes.
Broadway Allotment Association moved from old site in Failsworth, Oldham. Old prize-winning site has been bulldozed to make way for car park and football pitches. But gardeners have complained about their new site, saying it has bad drainage and poor soil. Many are complaining that the soil in their new allotments is so poor they cannot grow a bean - and that the new plots' drainage is so bad that their seedlings are rotting.
Mohammed Shatnawi scored an own goal for Al Faisaly against Al Whidat. He kicked the ball over his head in an attempt to send it out for a corner. But his touch was a little too cushioned, and the ball drifted nonchalantly into his own net.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media. The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice.
Manchester United duo David de Gea and Victor Valdes enjoyed a trip to a theme park on Tuesday afternoon. The Spanish pair donned sunglasses as they enjoyed a relaxing time just days after United's impressive win against fierce rivals Manchester City. It has certainly been a rollercoaster season for the Red Devils, who have emerged in recent weeks as rivals to Arsenal for second.
Christy Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and a fractured rib in August 2014 attack. She is still undergoing reparative dental work - while fighting to see MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver convicted of attempted murder. She claims he became abusive four months into their one-year relationship. He has dismissed the 26 charges against him as 'heart breaking'
Chris Robshaw was caught on camera holidaying in Barbados with girlfriend Camilla Kerslake. England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year. Being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted, said Robshaw.
Fabio Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday. The Liverpool striker came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle at Anfield on Monday. Borini has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season.
Jack Wilshere returned from injury to captain Arsenal's U21 side against Reading on Monday night. Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby also featured in the game, but a goal from Niall Keown, the son of former north London favourite Martin, condemned them to defeat. The 23-year-old hasnt featured for the Arsenal first team since picking up an injury in the defeat to Manchester United back in November.
Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist. The couple were spotted in central London as they walked through Soho. The Danish star hasn't scored since a 3-0 win over West Brom in January. Spurs sit seventh in the Premier League table, seven points off fourth.
David Alaba posted a video on Instagram of his cast being removed. Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. The Bundesliga leaders have won three games on the trot. Bayern thrashed Shakhtar Donetsk in the last round. CLICK HERE for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in Ontario, Canada. Photographer Marc Latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops. Great grey owls are solitary hunters with often the only sign of their presence in the wild being imprints left in the snow.
Witnesses said three gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head. An eighth man was shot but tried to escape, reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died. Police say that the killings, that took place late on Saturday night, are not related to any football rivalry.
Sergio Aguero has scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for Manchester City. The Argentine has scored 19 Premier League goals so far this season. Real Madrid and Barcelona are interested in signing Aguero. City face a battle to keep hold of their star man if they fall out of the top four.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata. Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary and Subir Ganguly among those to offer their condolences.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 to reach the William Hill Scottish Cup final. David Raven scored the winning goal four minutes from the end of extra time. The 30-year-old hailed his late winner as a 'dream come true' Inverness will face Falkirk in the final at Hampden Park on Sunday.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. The 45-year-old now lives in a remote Bulgarian town on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government. Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against freelance presenter Briony Ingerson. Ingerson posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. She wrote that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on Network Ten program 'I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' The photo has sparked outrage, with members of the public taking to social media to condemn her 'ignorant' actions. On Tuesday the photo made headlines and Ingerson responded with a message on Twitter, insisting she had not meant any harm.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000. His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. He defied the odds last spring, driving on the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray. The modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle.
Cooperative weather and the efforts of hundreds of firefighters helped beat back flames Sunday that had threatened hundreds of homes near a Southern California dam. Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona. By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made. Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway. Shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting.
Cincinnati woman Jacqueline Carr, 65, was killed when a tree smashed her vehicle. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep. Because of the tree's immense size, police say investigating the cause of the accident may take longer than usual.
Islamic State has released a new set of disturbing propaganda photos, showing off their growing number of military markets in Iraq and Syria. The photos come from the Iraqi province of Nineveh, where ISIS have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites. Even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market, with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms.
The outback Casanova, who lives in Humpty Doo, Northern Territory, detailed his dream girl on Gumtree. The advertisement outlined how the successful applicant must enjoy the outdoors, but is also 'also a princess when need to be' The 31-year-old only identified as Rich, described himself as: 'athletic build, white, heavily tattoo'd brown hair, brown eyes, don't drink, dont smoke, DON'T do drugs'
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning, and was lucky to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely. The Dekalb County mother said all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble. While Dixon was renting the Condo in the last four years, she had quit working to enroll full time in school to complete her degree in business management. Now she is finding it difficult to get a lease for a new permanent home while being unemployed.
University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment. Jackson entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men, and shortly after he left the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs. Police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents. The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday on a charge of robbery with a firearm.
The clip, posted on Instagram and quickly deleted, shows the 27-year-old singer sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands. After the camera cuts to her friends, it then pans back to Rihanna holding her nose for several seconds. Speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday. Jay Dasilva, Tammy Abraham, Charly Musonda and Charlie Colkett were all part of the Chelsea team that won the trophy. Ian Wright has praised DasilVA, saying he is better than any current Premier League left-back.
The leaked Sony emails are now claiming more victims just days after Wikileaks published thousands of the documents and made them easier to search. This time it is Bruce Jenner, whose alleged gender transition is mocked by the generally soft-spoken and affable Cameron Crowe. This in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head Amy Pascal. While discussing his upcoming film Aloha, which stars an all-star cast that includes Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams, and Alec Baldwin, Pascal asked Crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in October 2014. Crowe's response to this was; '
Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the 23-year-old during Atletico's 2-1 victory against Deportivo. The highly-rated Spaniard signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side only last year. Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club as a makeweight for the deal.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with Pep Guardiola. The pair fell out over an injury to Philipp Lahm during training as early as November last year. The 72-year-old had been at Bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the Bundesliga champions. Manchester City long to bring in Guardiola to replace Manuel Pellegrini but they may have to wait for him.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit the Bundesliga club on Thursday. The 72-year-old claimed 'the bond of trust is damaged' Bayern lost 3-1 against Porto in the Champions League quarter-final. Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with the former doctor.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brooks IBF welterweight world title at The O2 on May 30. Talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised, it is likely that the fight will happen. Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday.
Paul Smith will fight world super-middleweight champion Andre Ward. Ward is ranked among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world. Carl Froch has declared willingness if Ward returns the compliment by travelling to the UK, having won their first meeting in the US. Ward said he would make the away trip but only as far as London.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Randy Lerner missed the game because of a family bereavement. But Villa chief executive Tom Fox said the American owner was delighted by the win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the Atlantic. Fox backed Villa to have a chance of beating his old club Arsenal.
Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year. The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. The 63-year-old self-made millionaire Harris, who is reportedly worth $975 million, stepped back from the Flight Centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008, however he is still one of their biggest shareholders.
Izzy Brown scored twice as Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the final. The 18-year-old was on the bench for Chelsea's Premier League clash with Queens Park Rangers on Sunday. But just a few hours later he was out in Nyon scoring twice and captaining his side in becoming champions.
Villagers in Shaanxi Province dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water. But when they pumped the water to the surface they found it was so polluted it could be set on fire. Locals said they could smell gas and petrol coming from the well, and blame a leak from a local petrol station. But Chinese officials say they found no trace of a spillage, leading some people to theorise that the villagers could have struck oil.
Real Madrid are keeping tabs on Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling. Zinedine Zidane says Real are looking for the world's best youngsters. Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000 a week to extend his stay at Anfield. The England winger has netted six times in the Premier League this season.
Denis Cuspert, 39, dubbed the 'Goebbels of ISIS', sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France, rapping 'We want your blood' The propaganda production made by the 39-year-old, who now calls himself Abu Talha al-Amani, is filled with horrific footage of prisoners being beheaded and Jordanian pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh being burned alive. This follows reports that British police have raised security levels ahead of several World War I commemorative events taking place next week.
Manchester United have had staff at Inter Milan's games with Sampdoria and Parma. Icardi has turned down Inter's latest contract offer but talks with the former Barcelona junior are continuing. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old. The Argentine last week admitted, though, that he is willing to move this summer.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 3-2 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Christian Benteke, Fabian Delph and Jack Grealish impressed for Villa. Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool with their style of play. Villa will face Arsenal in the final on Sunday.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury. Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off during Real's 3-1 home victory over Malaga on Saturday. Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain against Malaga.
Jonathas scored to give Elche a 1-0 win over Real Sociedad in La Liga. The striker took advantage of a defensive blunder by Markel Bergara. Xabi Prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side. The defeat leaves David Moyes' side in 12th place.
Hazel the Bulldog is featured in a number of videos, which her owner uploads to her YouTube channel and Instagram page. In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard, look at her reflection in a mirror for the first time and try out a collar.
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons. Blackburn have so far resisted all bids for the 25-year-old. Nottingham Forest are keen on signing Rhodes, but it could cost them £10m. Blackburn manager Gary Bowyer expects further interest in Rhodes' strike partner Rudy Gestede.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage. He was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club T-shirt. Clitheroe chairwoman Anne Barker said the player had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Tayfun Korkut has been sacked by Hannover after 13 games without a win. Hannover are now one place and two points above the relegation zone. Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor. The 51-year-old Frontzek worked as an assistant at Hannover from 2004 to 2005.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final. Jason Wilcox wants to deliver local players to the first team. Ex-Blackburn winger was let go by City as a teenager. Wilcox hopes to emulate Manchester United's 'Class of 92'
Lucas Matthysse won a majority decision against Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night. Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114, but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of the Argentine. The night's undercard was quickly decided when Patrick Teixeira (25-0, 21 KOs) won with a second-round knockout of Patrick Allotey (30-2)
Derry Mathews beat Tony Luis to win the interim WBA lightweight title. Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness. Luis was drafted in after Ismael Barroso failed to obtain a visa. The fight was held at the Echo Arena in Liverpool.
Lukas Podolski says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season. The German World Cup winner is currently on loan at Inter Milan. The 29-year-old has failed to score in 12 appearances for the Serie A club. He struggled for first-team opportunities at Arsenal before leaving on loan.
Terence Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout. Crawford knocked down Thomas Dulorme three times in quick fashion after that big blow. Crawford remained undefeated, winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class. After the fight ended, promoter Bob Arum shouted 'That's why he's the fighter of the year!'
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan are one win away from qualifying for the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. The pair are currently competing in the World Series of Boxing (WSB) in Maiquetia, Venezuela. Barnes and Conlan have travelled more than 34,000 miles during the current Olympiad. They have each fought seven fights in 13 weeks.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio. The 32-year-old has overcome another lengthy injury lay-off. Adams is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success. Spieth rounded off a record-breaking week by winning the first major of his career with a four-shot victory in the Masters at Augusta. It didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy as the world No 1 golfer finished strongly for fourth. But the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at the Northern Ireland star.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters. The Frenchman will now face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals. The world No 18 hit 22 winners to Federers 17 in the last-16 encounter.
Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach says Floyd Mayweather cannot be considered the best fighter of his generation. Roach rates super middleweight star Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin above Mayweather. The two boxers put the finishing touches to their preparations for the Fight of the Century in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters. The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par at Augusta. Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over' The world's top two players have a combined age of 46.
Roger Federer beat Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in his Monte Carlo opener. It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March. The 17-time major champion takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals.
Billy Vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait. England No 8 free to face Clermont Auvergne in Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final. Saracens are the last remaining English club in the competition and would have appealed against the decision if their in-form England star had been banned. Leicesters Vereniki Goneva received a one-week ban for striking flanker Kelly Brown in the same game.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday in Antigua. Anderson broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years. The 32-year-old believes he can still improve as a bowler. Anderson said he had no intention of setting himself targets in terms of either Tests played or wickets taken.
Lewis Hamilton is 17 points behind Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. The pair left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. But Hamilton has adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles. 'I just do my talking on the track. That's how it's been since I was eight years old,' he said.
Mike Tindall watched his horse Monbeg Dude finish third in the Grand National at Aintree. The former England rugby captain was beaming from ear-to-ear. The £88,400 was by far the biggest pot the horse has collected in his 24-race career.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since the fifth Test in Sydney. England lost the match to complete a 5-0 series defeat Down Under. Pietersen was described as 'disengaged' from his team-mates during that final Test by England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Paul Downton.
MCC plans to replace the 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's. The redevelopment will increase the overall capacity of Lord's to almost 30,000. The 'Masterplan', which has a projected budget of £80million, should be ready for the World Cup and Ashes in spring 2019.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont after being cited on Monday night for an alleged butt. The 22-year-old faces an RFU disciplinary panel on Tuesday afternoon and could face an immediate suspension. Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper after missing out on Sales Danny Cipriani.
O'Connor's time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30. The 19-year-old claimed two titles despite heavy disruptions to her winter training programme.
Mauricio Pochettino is unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend. Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James' Park. A number of supporters plan to boycott the televised game in protest against owner Mike Ashley.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager with immediate effect in February. The 68-year-old cited knee problems as the reason behind his decision. The former West Ham, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Southampton and Tottenham manager says he would consider a return to management if the right club offered him the chance. He turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad earlier this week. Redkn app will return to the dugout on Sunday, May 31 when he leads a star-studded Men United XI against Leyton Orient Legends.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. The match will take place at 12:15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with. Ronny Deila believes teams should have more of a say on kick-off times, rather than broadcasters.
Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's clash against Atletico Madrid. The French striker missed Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga with a knee injury. Carlo Ancelotti is 'hesitating' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation. Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss the clash.
Toni Duggan posted a photo of her with Louis van Gaal on Instagram. The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages. Duggan also issued an apology on her Facebook page on Monday. The 23-year-old joined Man City in 2013 after spending the early part of her career at Everton.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for Queens Park Rangers this season. The QPR striker is in contention for a surprise England call up. Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team. Roy Hodgson will continue to monitor Austin for the remainder of the campaign.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move to Manchester United. The England right back is out of contract at St Mary's next summer. Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Clyne. Koeman says he wants Clyne's future sorted before the end of the season.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. Chelsea forward Aluko has been rewarded for her excellent performances for the Blues this season. Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean and his team, particularly assistant Alan Muir. Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for the handball.
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings should have been sent off for a handball on the line. Craig Gordon was also shown a red card for a foul on Marley Watkins. Inverness boss John Hughes says it was a turning point in the game.
Derby can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton. Burton will be promoted with a win at Morecambe. Barnet will be champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at Dover.
Eddie Howe has called on Bournemouth fans to inspire his side to promotion. The Cherries take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday. Norwich face fourth-placed Middlesbrough on Friday night. The four-horse race for automatic promotion is expected to go down to the wire.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move away from Southampton. The right back has been in impressive form for the Saints this season. Ronald Koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep Clyne at the club. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men as Champions League heavyweights like Arsenal and Manchester United circle like vultures. Sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a step up this summer. Morgan Schneiderlin has shown this season that he is good enough to play Champions League football. Danny Ings is out of contract this summer and his scoring exploits have made him a target for top clubs.
Ryan Mason made his senior England debut against Italy on Tuesday. The 23-year-old was celebrating team-mate Andros Townsend's equalising goal for England against Italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide. Twitter user @Danorako compared it to a photograph of himself at 12 years old.
Leeds president Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of Saturday's match against Charlton. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to The Valley citing injuries. Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title. Former defender Paulo Ferreira expects Mourinho to stay at Chelsea for 'a long, long time' The Portuguese manager, 52, is leading the Blues towards their fourth title. Didier Drogba has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last July.
Manchester City must have eight homegrown players in their squad of 25. City have six Premier League homegrown players - Joe Hart, Richard Wright, Dedryck Boyata, Gael Clichy, Frank Lampard and James Milner. Homegrown players can be born overseas as long as they have been at a club's academy three years before the age of 21. Manchester United bought Wayne Rooney, Phil Jones and Luke Shaw as teenagers. Liverpool bought Jordan Henderson, Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling.
Brendan Rodgers has written off Manchester City's chances of signing Raheem Sterling this summer. City have been heavily linked with a £50million move for Sterling, who has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal. The champions have also monitored vice-captain Jordan Henderson. Rodgers indicated it could take two decades for City to reach the status of either Liverpool or Manchester United.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as Preston were held 2-2 by Gillingham. MK Dons closed the gap on Preston to three points with a 3-0 win over Fleetwood. Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt after a 4-2 win at Rochdale. Crewe were the only one of the sides on 47 points to pick up anything, with a 1-1 draw at Peterborough.
Tottenham will resist any offers for left back Danny Rose. The 24-year-old is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans. Manchester City have considered attack-minded Rose as they draw up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings ahead of the close season. Tottenham believe some new additions of their own in the summer can make them greater contenders for Champions League football next season.
Aaron Cresswell is one of just five players to play every minute of West Ham's Premier League games this season. John Stones signed for Everton from Barnsley in January 2013 for just £3m and has been a good addition. Andrew Robertson has made 40 dribbles this year, 17 more than any other Hull defender. Leonardo Ulloa is the Foxes' top scorer in the league this season (7) while no other Leicester player has had a hand in more goals (scored seven, assisted two) Dwight Gayle has gone eight games without a goal for Crystal Palace.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Steven Gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind Raheem Sterling and to the right of Philippe Coutinho in a 3-4-2-1 formation. Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Brendan Rodgers throughout the contest. The veteran looked confused by the various roles given to him by Rodgers and he failed to thrive in any of them.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Wojciech Szczesny says Adam Federici was 'the best player on the pitch' The goalkeeper let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time. Arsenal are one win away from defending the crown they secured last year.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan manager on Monday night. Sportsmail revealed in August he was being investigated over'sexist, racism and homophobic' texts. Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014. Wigan are eight points from safety with only five games remaining.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National at Aintree this week. The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement. McCoy's solitary National triumph was on Don't Push It in 2010. The Royal Liver Building in Liverpool was lit up with a good luck message for McCoy on Wednesday night.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January. David Ospina has taken his place in the Arsenal side since his £3.2m move. David Seaman has backed the Poland international to return to form. The former Arsenal goalkeeper believes the 24-year-old can make the number one jersey his own once more.
Ladies' Day at Aintree has seen over 45,000 racegoers descend on the racecourse. Seven races make up the day as they see Saphir Du Rheu take home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase. A.P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake in what is his last ever Grand National.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a UEFA All-Star match showcasing the best of European-based talent, according to reports in Spain. They would play for 'Team South' against a similar 'North' dream team from the Premier League, Bundesliga and Russian Premier League. Mundo Deportivo report that a marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture. The players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll, with no more than three players from any club side.
Lionel Messi has scored 45 goals in 44 games for Barcelona this season. PSG manager Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' Barcelona travel to Paris for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday night. The second leg will be held at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Lionel Messi says he is happy after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014. A string of injuries limited Messi's involvement as the Catalan giants lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid. Messi's misfortune saw the Ballon d'Or go to Cristiano Ronaldo for the second consecutive year.
Aston Villa owner Randy Lerner will attend their FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool at Wembley on Sunday. The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club. Lerner has been publicly trying to sell Villa since last May, and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around £150million once the season is finished.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute. The striker has scored six goals in eight games since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park. Tottenham's Erik Lamela was sent off in the second half. Jack Grealish made only his second start for Villa at White Hart Lane.
Tottenham Hotspur beat Arsenal 3-1 in the 1991 FA Cup semi-final. Paul Gascoigne scored a 35-yard free-kick that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at Wembley. The goal set Spurs on their way to a victory, and they would go on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final.
Manchester City currently lead Liverpool by four points in the Premier League. The last meaningful race among the top teams is between Liverpool and City. The stakes are astonishing, but only because the Champions League is an extremely big deal and they are currently in a pursuit for that last spot in the top four. Brendan Rodgers has masterminded Liverpool's return to form at the perfect time.
Christian Benteke headed Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham in the 35th minute. Carlos Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges of the game. Tim Sherwood's side moved up to 10th in the Premier League table with the win.
Harry Redknapp was at Arsenal's 4-1 win over Liverpool on April 4. The former Tottenham boss claims he was attacked with coins by some fans. The 68-year-old was speaking on Sky Sports' The Fantasy Football Club. Redkn app is currently out of work after leaving Queens Park Rangers.
Alexis Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season. Frank McLintock says Sanchez is the only current player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear. Scottish defender made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973. He won the league title in 1971, along with the FA Cup, which Arsenal retained 12 months later. The Gunners are second in the Premier League following an eight-match winning run.
Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League on Wednesday. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba are all out injured. But Thomas Muller believes his team are stronger for their injuries. Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen in recent games.
Michael Carrick wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over. The Manchester United midfielder has enjoyed a renaissance this season. The 34-year-old admits moving to London at the age of 15 was one of the biggest challenges he ever faced. Carrick: 'I feel as good and as a fit as I ever have'
Jack Wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in Arsenal U21's 1-0 defeat by Reading. Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the visitors. Wils here was joined by other injury plagued first team players including German forward Serge Gnabry and long-term absentee Abou Diaby.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading. The 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year. The Germany Under-21 international played for Arsenal's development squad as they lost 1-0 to Reading on Monday and is now over his injury worries.
Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions. Arsene Wenger's side are currently second in the Premier League. The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend. Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's run of results. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer. The 20-year-old insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season. Sterling has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs.
Liverpool have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention. John Carver's Newcastle side travel to Anfield on Monday night. The Magpies are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City. Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Tomas Francis impressed up against Northampton's Alex Corbisiero. The 22-year-old prop qualifies for both England and Wales. Francis could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the World Cup pool match. Leigh Halfpenny could miss Toulons Champions Cup semi-final against Leinster after suffering a suspected dislocated shoulder. Wasps secured a bonus point 40-13 victory at London Welsh.
Former Bath, Saracens and England prop David Flats Flatman has been finding out, from the north east to east London, England is getting rugby-fever. London's Olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground, but the buzz around the game is palpable. Flats is confident that, long term, this World Cup is going to have a lasting effect.
Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for Sale as Mike Haley claimed the other. Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby with Chris Noakes adding two penalties and two conversions. Sale still remain in seventh position but they lost ground on most of their rivals and have only themselves to blame.
Liverpool winger Jordan Ibe has been out for six weeks with a knee injury. The 19-year-old damaged his knee ligaments in the Europa League against Besiktas. Ibe was awarded the Man-of-the-Match in the Merseyside derby in February. Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. Mario Balotelli will miss the game with illness.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Sterling was one of four players at the Anfield launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Real Madrid take on Atletico Madrid in the Champions League last eight. The two sides have met six times in European competition. The clash of styles is always fascinating. Diego Simeone raises his players one game at a time and the games against Real Madrid are no difference. Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola has named just three outfield players against Eintracht Franfurt. Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger are among those ruled out for the German champions.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United on Monday night. Liverpool sold star striker Luis Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher believes Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy. Coutinho scored Liverpool's only goal against Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup last week.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville believe Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield to neutralise Marouane Fellaini. The French centre back started in the middle of the park in last month's Capital One Cup final and has become an emergency option for the league leaders in that unfamiliar role. Carragher sees the Special One retreating into his shell with a midfield incorporating Nemanja Matic and Ramires.
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United. Louis van Gaal described him as almost undroppable at the moment. Wayne Rooney has hailed his Belgian team-mate as one of the best in world football. United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero wants to sign Mario Balotelli. The Italian striker is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season. The 24-year-old has scored just once in the Premier League this season. Click here for more Liverpool transfer news.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' qualities of his 'horrible bunch' of players after a 1-1 draw at his former club Wolves. Wolves bounced back to take a point through Benik Afobe's 31st goal of the season in the 50th minute after a Richard Stearman own goal. Ipswich's play-off hopes are now in their own hands with two games remaining.
More than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by British Transport Police. Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United all in London this weekend. United head to Stamford Bridge on Saturday to take on Chelsea. Leeds are at Charlton Athletic for a 3pm start. Liverpool take on Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday. Thousands of fans of both sides expected to descend on the capital.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in Leicester's survival bid. The Foxes will escape the drop zone for the first time since November if they beat Swansea at home on Saturday by three goals. They also have to face relegation rivals Sunderland and Burnley away while welcoming QPR to the King Power Stadium on the final day.
Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and goalkeeper Adam Bogdan, 27, will all be offered new contracts by Bolton. Heskey has contributed just one goal, but impressed in his nine Championship starts. Gud johnsen has found the net five times, as well as once in the cup.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction last week for assaulting a police officer. Dundee manager Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season. Hartley fears that even playing in the three remaining games in the City of Discovery, which kick off at 3pm, could leave the player at risk of breaching his order.
The Barcelona XI that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996 is breeding managers. Luis Enrique travels to Paris to take on Laurent Blanc's PSG side at the Parc des Princes in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Former Barcelona 1996 squad player Lopetegui is currently manager of Portuguese giants Porto. Michael Laudrup and Ronald Koeman both went on to manager Premier League clubs.
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the Conditional Jockeys title race. Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinvill won on One Lucky Lady at Kempton. US trainer Wesley Ward is to aim Hootenanny and Sunset Glow at Royal Ascot after scratching them from the 2,000 Guineas and 1,000 guineas respectively.
Sam Allardyce believes Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football. The Hammers boss believes the pressure of going for back-to-back titles, plus the introduction of Financial Fair Play (FFP) rules, have made the Chilean's job the hardest in world football. City entertain West Ham at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday.
Lyon drew 2-2 with Saint-Etienne in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday. Clinton N'Jie and Christophe Jallet scored for the hosts. Max Gradel and Romain Hamouma scored for St Etienne. Lille kept fourth place in sight with a 2-0 win over Bordeaux. Montpellier beat Caen 1-0 in their clash at Stade de la Mosson.
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC 1-0. City have now won just one of their seven games and lie seventh, five points behind the Red Bulls. Teal Bunbury scored one and set up another as the New England Revolution beat the Philadelphia Union 2-1 in Major League Soccer on Sunday.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 to reach the FA Cup final at Wembley. Randy Lerner was expected to make a rare appearance at the game. The 53-year-old American has been trying to sell the club since last May. Villa boss Tim Sherwood said he had not spoken to Lerner yet.
Football in Turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on Fenerbahce's team bus on Saturday. The decision affects both next weekend's Super Lig fixtures and the midweek cup quarter-finals. A Turkish official says police have detained two people suspected of involvement in the attack. Trabzon Governor Abdil Celil Oz said the two suspects were detained early on Tuesday.
Manny Pacquiao is preparing for his mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The Filipino took to Instagram to share a video of his early morning run. Mayweather then posted a video showing him going for a late night jog. The pair will meet at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas at the beginning of next month in a $300million showdown.
Ken Doherty trails Mark Davis 8-1 after the first session of qualifying. The 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third Crucible winner to crash out this week. Graeme Dott must come from behind on Wednesday to book his place in the main draw as he trails world number 52 Yu Delu 5-4.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will face Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship on Saturday. Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norways Kurt Maflin. The tournament runs from April 18 until May 4.
Manny Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather Jnr on May 2. The Filipino-fighter took to the mountains to train ahead of the mega-fight. The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by Mayweather's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2013.
Ronnie O'Sullivan is Forever Sports' May cover star. The world No 2 reveals what goes through his mind while waiting for his opponent to finish at the table. 'The Rocket' is widely regarded as one of the most naturally talented players in history. The 39-year-old claims he doesn't care if other people think he's 'bonkers' or not.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling. The England number one said it was one of his 'worst days' in a City shirt.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. Pablo Zabaleta admits the champions are facing a battle to finish in the top four. City are 12 points behind Chelsea in the Premier League title race.
Bull sharks are among the most dangerous sharks in the world, and are said to be the most likely species to attack humans. Homeowners in Bonita Springs, Florida, say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back. They are calling for fishing to be banned in the area.
Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game after 10 matches. Sportsmail's alternative table shows every club's total points gained against the current top seven teams  Chelsea, United, City, Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton. United's record will be put to the test this Saturday, when they travel to the capital to face runaway Premier League leaders Chelsea.
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. United's website claimed the city was turned red once more in the space of 90 minutes. But was it a sign that United are the dominant force in Manchester again, or should we just chalk it off as nothing more than a bad game for the defending champions? Here is Sportsmail's verdict on the issues.
Vanessa Moe's debut collection at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia featured plastic bag-like headwear. The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show. The most daring of the bunch was Mariam Seddiq, who sent confident models down the catwalk in breast and bottom-baring frocks.
Scott Quigg offered Carl Frampton £1.5m to fight him in a British super-fight. The offer was made by Quigg's promoter Eddie Hearn on Tuesday. But Frampton has dismissed the offer as a 'publicity stunt' The IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make him a more realistic offer.
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after raids on Saturday morning. He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. His father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid. 'I got a boot right in the head and they said 'Shut up you Abo', and I could hear Eathan & getting knocked out cold,' he said.
Hibernian manager Alan Stubbs did not know what to make of Peter Houston's recent post-match comments. Houston's jibe about his Falkirk team scoring all of their goals against Hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve. Falkirk host Hibs on the last day of the Championship season, inevitably enough  for signs of enmity.
Andy Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title he won against Matt Korobov last year. American Peter Quillin failed to make required 160 lbs weight. Quillin, who had been out for a year, initially hit the scales at 161.9 and despite a quick run and hope session on the treadmill saw him register 160.6, it was not enough.
Josh Warrington has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton. Close to 10,000 packed into the First Direct Arena on Saturday night. The 24-year-old was never in trouble but failed to deliver the stoppage. The home favourite also picked up the vacant WBC International title.
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter. Footage of the heavily pregnant hurdler showed Pittman doing a training run on Sunday, just a day before going into labour. Emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on Monday. The 32-year-old plans to compete in both the Beijing World Championships and the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer collection for Target sold out online and in stores almost immediately early Sunday morning. Pieces from the diffusion line have since popped up on eBay, where they are being re-sold for ten times the retail price. Some shoppers have complained that scalpers are ruining the fun for 'true' fans of the preppy brand.
Fiorentina lost 1-0 at home to Hellas Veronas on Monday night. Mounir Obbadi scored in the 90th minute after Alessandro Diamanti missed a penalty for the home side. The defeat leaves Fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games.
There are no English clubs in the last eight of the Champions League. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the previous round. Diego Simeone believes the failure of English clubs should kick the country's top-flight into gear. Atletico Madrid boss believes Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe.
The University of Connecticut baseball team has welcomed its newest member: 5-year-old Grayson Hand of Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes. Hand's sister, Sophie, 7, was named an honorary cheerleader.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham. She has become known as the Bongo Lady with thousands of followers on social media.
'Halal' sex shop set to open in Islam's holiest city, Mecca, it has emerged. The shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items, it is claimed. It is being led by the owner of an existing Dutch Halal sex shop called El Asira. Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh revealed the idea was approved by clerics.
FC United of Manchester are two promotions away from the Football League. The club were set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United. The Rebels sealed the fourth promotion of their short history with this nervy win over Stourbridge saw them crowned Evo-Stik Northern Premier champions. Hundreds of ecstatic supporters invaded the pitch at the final whistle.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on. To date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday. About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle. Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage.
Luke Tingey became a hit on YouTube last month after scoring a free-kick against Swindon in a 5-3 win for MK Dons Under-18s. Kyran Wiltshire is a lively centre midfielder who was included in Karl Robinson's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season. United are looking to bring in some talented younger players to boost squad numbers ahead of next season's UEFA U19 Youth League.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times. Finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side, he clutches his head in apparent pain. The incident took place on April 1 on a sunny day in the morning.
Steve McClaren's future will be decided at the end of the season. Derby County are looking to secure promotion to the Premier League. Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves. The 42-year-old has worked under Carlo Ancelotti at Chelsea and Paris St Germain.
Gianluigi Buffon has been playing in Serie A for the best part of 20 years. Juventus goalkeeper has played with Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram. Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas makes Buffon's Champions League dream team. Former AC Milan captain Paolo Maldini also makes the team.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. The two sides have met eight times since last season's Champions League final, with Diego Simeone's men winning four times. Real have not won against Atletico since the final in Lisbon, losing four games and drawing three. Atletico's dominance began with victory in the Spanish Super Cup, a two-legged tie between the winners of La Liga and the Copa del Rey.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final. The 44-year-old got the better of Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho during his side's 3-1 victory at Stamford Bridge last season. Real Madrid were beaten in the Spanish Super Cup over two legs, then knocked out of the Copa del Rey, also over two Legs, by Atletico, beaten at the Bernebeu and then, most spectacularly, beaten 4-0 at the Vicente Calderon.
Joe Gomez is one of the most wanted young players in the country. The England Under-19 defender is valued at £8m by Charlton. Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. City are determined to sign more young English players.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday. The 34-year-old faces Poland's Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland. The Swiss won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18. She was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime and is poised to return.
Former Manchester United defender Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach. The 33-year-old left Old Trafford on a free transfer in 2014 after eight years at the club. Evra is now at Juventus and says he has already taken some of his coaching badges.
The FA Cup was on show at Alton Towers theme park in Staffordshire ahead of this weekend's semi-finals at Wembley. The trophy was nestled in between an Arsenal fan and Reading supporter. The Gunners head into Saturday's showdown as the favourites against the Championship side. But they almost suffered a huge upset against Hull before coming from behind to win one of the most entertaining finals of all time.
Football Shirt Friday is in support of The Bobby Moore Fund for Cancer Research UK. Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt  old or new  in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for a fee of £3.5million. He has not been able to play for the club without a work permit. But on Tuesday, the Brazilian revealed on Twitter that he has been awarded Spanish nationality, complete with a picture of his passport. 'The good thing is slow in coming, but arrives with the greatest satisfaction in the world,' he tweeted.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with defenders Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg in Madrid. The 28-year-old committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid. He had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Costa delivers.
Jan Oblak has made Atletico fans forget Thibaut Courtois and David De Gea. The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica for Madrid in the summer. He cost ¬16million (£11.5m) and that is a La Liga record for a goalkeeper. Atletico have not allowed a team to get six shots on target in one half of football all season but he stopped all.
Javier Hernandez is set to start up front for Real Madrid against Atletico. The 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from Manchester United. Karim Benzema missed Real's 3-1 win against Malaga with a knee injury. Atletico boss Diego Simeone has a fully-fit squad to choose from. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer. The German coach has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous' The 47-year-old won the Bundesliga title twice during his seven years as Dortmund manager.
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on his Instagram account showing him in close-up shots for FIFA 16. EA Sports are already working on the latest installment in the popular video game series. The 22-year-old has been in fine form for Crystal Palace since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent.
Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to Katerina Keyru on the pitch after FC Rostov's 1-0 win against Torpedo Moscow on Monday night. The 23-year-old got down on one knee at the Olimp-2 stadium to ask his basketball-playing partner to marry him. His team-mates watched on and a camera was in place to capture the moment on film.
Vivid Festival will feature over 60 light installations and 140 artists. This year will feature the city's first ever interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors. Exhibits will still be found at Circular Quay, The Rocks, Darling Harbour, Pyrmont and Martin Place.
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso. Sammer warned manager Pep Guardiola that the club have to'make plans for the future before it is too late' The 47-year-old was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sack Brazilian coach Ze Maria for the second time in a week. Ze Maria was fired on Wednesday after a poor run, only to be reinstated the next day after owner Angelo Massone decided to 'give the coaching staff another chance' The 41-year-old former Inter Milan and Parma right back was capped 25 times by Brazil. He will be replaced by Serbian Vanya Radinovic.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-final second leg on Tuesday night. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against Chelsea. The Swede is past caring what other people think of him. Ibrahimovic believes the World Cup is 'nothing to watch' without him. The 33-year-old spent a season at the Nou Camp in 2009/10.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for MK Dons and Wolves this season. The 22-year-old is just one ahead of Tottenham hotshot Harry Kane. Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' as he bids to become the country's top scorer. The Wolves striker is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season.
The 90-second clip was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. The men throw the bags with such force that they land with a heavy thud or hit a green barrier against the wall.
Roger Lohse was reporting on an 800-acre brush fire in Miami-Dade. His cameraman pointed out something behind him, and he went to investigate. Live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze. Firefighters said the pet had been hiding in an empty beer box.
The custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals. It was created following a request from an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build it. Every crystal was applied by hand, with the name of the piano done in crystals.
Anyone trying to access bank's page for Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011. HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
Jesper Blomqvist helped coach youngsters from the Manchester United Foundation's Street Red project. The Swede, now 41, was a key cog in Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winning machine, making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from Parma. But his 67 minutes in the late, late Champions League Final win over Bayern Munich in Barcelona would be his last in a red shirt. Three operations and two gruelling years of rehab later he was on his way to Everton but would continue to be haunted by injury.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for the second time. The video was originally posted by Sydneysider Darren Johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in June 2012. It comes in the wake of heavy storms which battered Sydney overnight, with parts of the city experiencing the heaviest rainfall in 100 years.
The 37-year-old presented Novak Djokovic with the Sportsman of the Year award. Presentation took place during the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo. Charlene is a new mother to four-month-old twins Gabriella Thérèse Marie and Jacques Honoré Rainier. She has used her position to promote a number of sporting initiatives.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water at a public play area in Brooklyn, New York. Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air. His bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup's leash.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police 17-month-old Layla was bruised because of a spider bite, officers said. Fast allegedly claimed she had been bitten a day before police were called on Sunday, and had not realized that her child was dead. Layla had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over. Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim, and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen. A three-year-old boy was also found with severe bruising and a broken leg.
Giorgio Armani, 80, made the comments in an interview with The Sunday Times. Said he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. Also condemned men who 'dress homosexual' and those who have plastic surgery. Has dressed everyone from Beyoncé to Adele in his designs.
Zinedine Zidane is confident Paris Saint-Germain can beat Barcelona. PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week as Luis Suarez scored twice. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti will return from suspension for Tuesday's quarter-final tie.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea. The luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £6.75million. Campbell bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents to secure it for his family.
Porto host Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-final. The Portuguese side lead 3-1 from the first leg at the Allianz Arena. But Julen Lopetegui says his side will have to hit top form to progress. Bayern are missing several big names including Arjen Robben and David Alaba.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling a goofy jazz hands pose in the background and turns around to see him standing there. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
The black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage several days in a row, nosing through overturned receptacles. Alaska's Department of Fish and Game ruled Thursday that killing the family was the only option. Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators.
Jayne Harris, based in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches. Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together on March 16.
Salford City clinched the Evo-Stik League First Division North title. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town. Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball. The Class of '92 bought into the club last year and their investments have worked wonders, with the club earning instant success.
England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield. The Football Association have taken the decision to withdraw from future Victory Shield tournaments. Wales are the current holders of the competition. Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested Under 16 tournament.
The video, shared by The New York Times on Monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory. At the start of the ascent, the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s. Houses, churches, markets and bustling ports begin cropping up across Lower Manhattan as the Europeans make the city their home. But it's throughout the 20th century when the skyline begins to change most dramatically, with scores of skyscrapers emerging, including the Woolworth Building and the Singer Building.
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at an alcohol-fuelled party at a Canadian barracks. The four men appeared in a courtroom in Dartmouth, near Halifax, where they were given identical but unusual bail conditions. Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports and live at the nearby Stadacona naval base in Halifax. They will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay.
Jay Hart, 24, could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club T-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs. He was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media. The 73rd minute substitute for non-league Clitheroe FC, in Lancashire, today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to Wayne Rooney on Twitter for advice.
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night. A David Worrall free-kick gave the Shrimpers the win. Phil Brown's side move into fourth place on goal difference from Wycombe. Bury had started the night a point ahead of Southend after winning at Portsmouth.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One. Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season as they stay a point ahead of the Dons after a 3-1 win at Notts County. Rochdale kept their faint play-off hopes alive with a 1-0 win over Leyton Orient, which leaves the O's in dire straits at the other end of the table.
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views, puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal. Bonnie lifts the dish into her mouth and scuttles her paws backwards to dine along with Clyde.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Steven Gerrard will leave the club at the end of the season for LA Galaxy. Kolo Toure admitted Gerrard was'sad' after the loss but also felt sorry for Liverpool's fans. Brendan Rodgers became the first manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Luke Bryant, 25, was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at St Mary's stadium. Bryant admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991. The father-of-two said in court that he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard' Bryant was placed under a banning order for three years and fined £500.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury. The Ivorian striker played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea's last two games. Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over Manchester United. Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Justin Rose finished in a share of second place at the Masters. Rose had missed the cut in three of his previous five PGA Tour tournaments. Rose wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy, who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014. The Northern Irishman was looking to become the first European player to win the US Open and Masters.
Caroline Wozniacki made her Roland Garros debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. The Dane has never won a grand slam title but has reached the US Open final twice. The former world No 1 shared a video of one of her first on court interviews as a youngster. She thanked a succession of people for the 'good week' she had at the youth tournament held on clay before signing off with a slightly embarrassed: 'See you at RolandGarros'
Will Stevens was introduced to St George's Park by Michael Johnson Performance, the training company founded by the four-time Olympic champion. The 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive. Stevens has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine, located in the altitude chamber.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesdays Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket. Terror finished fourth in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September. The 1,000 Guineas hope is one of six out of the nine entries to hold an engagement in the Guinea. Frankie Dettori, who will ride Osaila, has been unveiled as Newmarket's ambassador.
Jordan Spieth won his maiden major at Augusta National on Sunday. Rory McIlroy failed in his bid to win all four major titles. Graeme McDowell believes there are a lot of potential eras evolving. The Northern Irishman's fourth place is his best finish in seven appearances.
Many Clouds won the Grand National at Cheltenham on Saturday. Trainer Oliver Sherwood has already turned his attentions to next year's race. Many Clouds could face Coneygree in the Hennessy Gold Cup in November. With 11st 9lb on his back, Leighton Aspells mount carried the biggest weight to victory since Red Rum won his second National in 1974 at under 12st.
Olly Barkley has extended his stay at London Welsh. The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets. Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season after finishing bottom of the Aviva Premiership.
Ruby Walsh acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the Canal Turn as vets tended to the stricken Balthazar King. Phillip Hobbss gelding was able to walk away from his fall, as was Walsh's mount Ballycasey. I had nowhere to go, said Walsh after the race.
Leighton Aspell won the Grand National on Many Clouds on Saturday. The 38-year-old had walked away from the sport for 18 months after becoming disillusioned. Many Clouds passed the line one-and-three-quarter lengths in front of Tom George-trained Saint Are, with 40-1 chance Monbeg Dude running a massive race in third.
Brian ODriscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force. Saracens are the only English team featuring in this weekends Champions Cup semi-finals against Clermont Auvergne. The gulf between clubs from the Aviva Premiership and the Top 14 is bigger than ever.
Wasps wing Christian Wade did not attend the Matt Hampson Foundation event in Birmingham on Tuesday night. Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the Beers with the Boys night. Guests were also treated to a Haka performance by Leicester team-mates Manu Tuilagi and Logovii Mulipola. Former England fly half Andy Goode slammed Wade on Twitter afterwards.
Wesley Fofana and Brad Barritt will go head-to-head in St Etienne. Julien Bonnaire and Billy Vunipola will be key to Saracens' game plan. Brock James and Charlie Hodgson will have to deal with the pressure. Clermont will fear Jacques Burger after his tour-de-force at Twickenham.
Bath have announced the signing of England Sevens international Jeff Williams. The 26-year-old will move to the Recreation Ground for next season. Williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012 and has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit. He helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Ankit Keshri suffered a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old died in hospital on Monday after colliding with a team-mate. Sachin Tendulkar has paid tribute to a 'promising' cricketer. The right-hander was captain of the Bengal Under-19 team.
Ian Bell insists England did not underestimate the West Indies ahead of the first Test. Outgoing Yorkshire chairman Colin Graves declared the hosts'mediocre' and promised'some inquiries' if England didn't win the series. The West Indies hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in Antigua last week.
Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick is to retire from rugby on medical grounds. The 31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons. Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland, the last of which was against New Zealand during the 2013 autumn Tests. He also made 98 Ulster appearances.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday. Moeen Ali bowling apparently without discomfort after joining the squad. England must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first Test win or twist and freshen things up for a second match that is already upon them.
Clermont Auvergne face Saracens in the Champions Cup semi-final. Clermont thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the Stade Marcel-Michelin. Jonathan Davies says the French side are relishing the clash.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town in a National Club Championship match against Caldy on Sunday. The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings. Lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match.
Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19 on his Championship return. Surrey reached 363-3 on day one in Cardiff. Kumar Sangakkara made a century on his Surrey debut. Pietersen is hoping for an England return after a spell out of the side. The 34-year-old was making his first LV= County Championship appearance since June 2013.
Mark Selby beat Kurt Maflin 6-3 in their first-round tussle. The 31-year-old from Leicester rocked Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title. Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year.
Marcelo Bosch was the hero of Saracens' Champions Cup quarter-final victory over Racing Metro 11 days ago. The 31-year-old kicked a last-minute penalty with the game's final kick to secure a 12-11 success in Paris. The 33 times-capped international joined Saracen from Biarritz in 2013. His deal follows new contracts for George Kruis and Maro Itoje.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with BT. Sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that BT had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of Murrayfield. Now that has come to fruition and, come the summer, they will take over from ousted backers RBS.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible in 2014. No first-time winner has retained his title the next year. Selby will face debutant Kurt Maflin in the first round on Saturday. Jimmy White has tipped Selby as one of his three to watch
Michael Phelps won 100m butterfly at Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. Phelps won the race in Mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds. The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drink-driving test last September. 29-year-old Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio de Janeiro.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former 800 world title-holder and 2012 Olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch, near Cape Town. Her winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Arsenal Under-21s fell to a 3-2 defeat by Middlesbrough on Monday. Gunners goalkeeper Deyan Iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes. Emmanuel Ledesma converted the resulting penalty past Matt Macey. Boro built up a two-goal lead before half-time through screamers from Lewis Maloney and Yanic Wildschut.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game as United's six-match winning run came to an abrupt end. Juan Mata returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club in January last year. The midfielder says his side can take many positives from the game.
Alex Hales scored his first double hundred for Nottinghamshire on Sunday. Hales was unbeaten on 222 not out at stumps on the opening day of the LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge. The England international shared a third wicket stand of 171 with James Taylor, who scored 59. Steven Patterson and Jack Brooks took two for 58 and 90 respectively.
Tony Pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the Premier League. He won promotion with Stoke City and got them to an FA Cup final. Alan Pardew has a top-five finish at Newcastle United on his cv. Pulis will remain plain-speaking til the end. 'We need a 90 minutes from the players,' he says.
Hull City face Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday. Steve Bruce's side are without a win in their last five games. The Tigers are just two points above the bottom three in the table. CLICK HERE for all the latest Hull City news. READ: Hull City vs Southampton team news, probable line ups and more.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and was the World Cup series champion in 2014. The 26-year-old plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in Rio full of confidence. Phillips leads a five-rider British team, which also features Tre Whyte, Kyle Evans and Quillan Isidore.
Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook's application to switch allegiances to Moldova has been approved by the British Olympic Association. The 24-year-old applied for citizenship earlier this month after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici. British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney insists the association worked'really hard' to keep Cook on board.
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs on Sunday. Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences. Jensen: 'I feel sorry for young people, what they are watching now and this lack of ambition. At least when I was young, the team might have been rubbish and we were going nowhere, but it was exciting to be on the terraces'
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season. The Magpies would have been on 20 points without that run. Newcastle are now seven points off the relegation zone. The 35 points on which they currently reside will probably be enough to renew their top-flight status.
Leicester beat Swansea 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. The Foxes have now won three Premier League games in a row for the first time since May 2000. Nigel Pearson's side are now 17th in the Premier League table. Sportsmail assesses the key themes of Leicester's revival.
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham for £5million in January. The 19-year-old was immediately loaned back to his boyhood club MK Dons. Alli has been key to Karl Robinson's side, scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances. The Dons sit third in League One and have three matches to make up the one-point gap.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers. But the Swansea boss insists Allardryce is already in place at Upton Park. Monk has led Swansea to a record-equalling 47 Premier League points.
Ryan Hardie scored a brace on his full debut for Rangers against Dumbarton. The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons at the Dumbarton Stadium. Rangers fell behind to Mark Wilson's second-minute opener. The former Celtic full-back's last goal was also against Rangers in a controversial Scottish Cup quarter-final replay at Parkhead in March 2011.
Stuart McCall is relaxed about the prospect of Rangers finishing third in the Scottish Championship. The Gers currently lead the way in the race for second spot with a one-point advantage over Hibernian and a six-point cushion separating them from Queen of the South. Finishing immediately behind newly-crowned champions Hearts would spare the Ibrox men the bother of two extra hazardous games in the play-offs. The teams finishing third and fourth facing off over two legs before taking on the second tier's runners-up.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the Stadium of Light on Saturday. Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 48th minute. The 31-year-old doubled the Eagles' lead in the 51st minute with a header. The winger completed his treble in the 62nd minute to complete the rout. Connor Wickham pulled one back for the Black Cats in the 89th minute of the game.
Dave King must convince the SFA he is a 'fit and proper' person to be chairman of Rangers. The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month and plans a return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. King has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body's Professional Game Board that 41 convictions under South African tax law are not a breach of SFA regulations.
Liverpool will miss out on Champions League qualification if they don't finish in the top four in the Premier League. Danny Ings, James Milner, Petr Cech, Memphis Depay and Divock Origi are all targets for Brendan Rodgers. Liverpool have been frustrated in their pursuit of Norberto Neto from Fiorentina, who is destined for Juventus.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move to Manchester City. But West Ham boss Sam Allardyce has warned him to stay at Upton Park. He says Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair were both bought by City. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Former spokesman for the Glazer family, Tehsin Nayani, has written the book 'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners' Nayani was brought on board by the Glazers before the takeover and served as the notoriously private family's spokesman until current executive vice chairman Ed Woodward sent him on his way in 2010. Nayani reveals that the family were 'completely unruffled' by the mass protests that greeted their arrival and that the move was led by Malcolm Glazer's sons. He also reveals that Sir Alex Ferguson regularly invited the family into his dressing room.
Wojciech Szczesny turned 25 on Saturday after Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. His girlfriend Mariana Luczenko presented him with a birthday surprise at his London home. Polish rock band Lemon gave a private birthday performance for the goalkeeper. Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the FA Cup final.
Johann Gudmundsson scored in the first half to earn Charlton a point. Ross McCormack had given Fulham the lead after just eight minutes. Fulham are now eight points clear of fellow London rivals Millwall. But manager Kit Symons is refusing to relax just yet. He said: 'We're definitely not safe until its mathematically sure'
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid to gain experience next season. Pedro could be on his way out of Barcelona after falling down the pecking order since Luis Suarez's arrival. If Real Madrid step up their interest in David de Gea, it could mark the end of Iker Casillas's time at the club. Asier Illarramendi is beyond the point of being able to grow as a player with the occasional first team start at Real Madrid.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium Broadhurst Park is nearing completion. The ground will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in May 2005 by Manchester United fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved. Broadhurst (some mischievous souls voted for FCUM Hall in the naming poll) cost around £6.5m. Of that colossal sum around half came from the pockets of the democratic club's 4,000 members.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as head coach of Newcastle United. Thousands of supporters planning to boycott Sunday's home match against Spurs. Fans are unhappy at how Newcastle are being run under Mike Ashley. Steve McClaren has already been tipped as a replacement for Carver.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since returning from England duty. Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham. Mason has burst on to the international scene in his first full season in the top flight.
Ashley Young is finally feeling like a senior member of the Manchester United squad. The 29-year-old moved to Old Trafford in June 2011 from Aston Villa. Young acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club. The winger feels he has had to share the responsibility with captain Wayne Rooney following the departures of Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg. Massimiliano Allegri's side had an average age of 30 years and 64 days. Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35), Carlos Tevez (31) all started the match at the Juventus Stadium. Inter Milan hold the record for fielding the Champions League's oldest starting line-up during their match against Marseille on February 22, 2012.
Manny Pacquiao is set to fight Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino took to social media to show off his ripped physique. He met up with NBA superstar Jeremy Lin and Saved by the Bell actor Mario Lopez. Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing and will have just one more fight after his bout withPacquiao.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time in the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher has lambasted Krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional. The Dutchman, they say, was out of order. Has football really become so leeched of humanity that one decent pro cant turn to another and say well played?
Milos Raonic called a trainer after dropping serve for the second time to trail 5-2 in the first set. The big-serving Canadian went to see Berdych on the other side of the court to inform him of his decision to give up. The Czech will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils in the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Enner Valencia is a transfer target for Chelsea in the summer. Jose Mourinho earmarked the Ecuadorian in January. Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract at Middlesbrough. The 21-year-old has scored 17 league goals for the Championship side. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Steve Clarke insists his Reading side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating Arsenal at Wembley. The Royals have struggled in the Championship this season. Arsene Wenger's side are the in-form side in the Premier League going into their FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday.
Amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30. Khan announced Chris Algieri as his opponent last week. Khan has been criticised on social media after rejecting a potential £5million pay day against Kell Brook at Wembley on June 13. Reports in America suggested television network Showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and Algiere.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford will compete at the Sainsburys Anniversary Games. All three won their gongs on Super Saturday three years ago in the heptathlon, 10,000 metres and long jump respectively. They return to the Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza.
Wojciech Szczesny has lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season. The Polish international will start in goal for Arsenal against Reading at Wembley on Saturday. Arsene Wenger admits he's working hard to win back his place. The Gunners boss will prioritise signing another keeper in the summer.
Manchester City players trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday. Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper Joe Hart. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer. Manuel Pellegrini's side currently sit fourth in the Premier League.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has been in the league for eight years. He believes that in ten years the MLS will be world's 'third or fourth biggest league' Heath also hopes of an eventual rivalry with David Beckham's troubled Miami project.
New York City FC posted a photo of David Villa during the Champions League quarter-final first-leg clash with Atletico Madrid. The former Spain forward cheered on his former club during the 0-0 draw. The World Cup-winning star spent a year at Vicente Calderon last season before joining MLS newcomers New York.
Ronda Rousey visited Manny Pacquiao's training camp in Los Angeles. The UFC women's bantamweight champion said she was 'truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person' The 28-year-old follows Mark Wahlberg, Tim Teebow, basketball legend Robert Jaworski and actor Robert Duvall in supporting the Filipino. Rousey is by far the biggest draw in women's UFC.
Patrick Bamford scored in Middlesbrough's 2-1 win over Wolves on Tuesday. The 21-year-old has scored 19 goals in all competitions this season. Chelsea have opened talks with Bamford over a new deal. It would see his wages rise from his current £7,500-a-week deal. Click here for more Chelsea news.
NBC have more than doubled US interest in Englands elite division in the past two years. In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live. Last season that was 32 million  or more than one in 10 people in the US. NBC transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England for this weekend's round of matches.
Floyd Mayweather will hold an open workout for the media on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am UK (7pm EDT) Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao takes his turn at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles. The Filipino icon will be put through his paces under the watchful eye of trainer Freddie Roach. Floyd Mayweather Jnr was almost two hours late for his workout. But Pacqiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here.
Floyd Mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a Bugatti. The £1.5million super-car was delivered just 11 hours later. Mayweather's mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao is just three weeks away. CLICK HERE for all the latest Mayweather news.
Grigor Dimitrov beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 at the Monte Carlo Masters. WawRinka is the defending champion in Monte Carlo. The Swiss No 2 made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve. The Bulgarian will face Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 7-6 (8/6) 4-6 6-3 in Monte Carlo. The Spaniard will now face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals. Roger Federer was knocked out by Gael Monfils in straight sets.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to draw revenue of around $400m (£273m) The referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $10,000. Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners for the job.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing in a new music video. The 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' music video shows his compatriots in derelict areas of the Asian country as well as footage of his previous fights. The Filipino boxer will be hoping he is in the mood to sing after his highly-anticipated showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2.
Atletico Madrid know how to replace stars, from David De Gea to Thibaut Courtois, to Jan Oblak. Sergio Aguero became Radamel Falcao, Diego Costa became Mario Mandzukic and Diego Ribas became Arda Turan. No club has used the third-party ownership lenience in Spain more to its advantage than Atletico Madrid. Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and with its managing director Miguel angel Gil Marin across the last five years.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke wants the scheduling of matches in England to improve. The Royals had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford on a Monday when they had played a Championship match two days previously. If they progress to the final, that will be contested on May 30 leaving Clarkes side almost a month without games when the Championship season ends.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. Mayweather's chef reveals he gets a lot of his energy from eating sweets like Twizzlers on'snack day' 'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) on the star's sweet selection.
Atletico Madrid were held to a goalless draw by Real Madrid on Tuesday. Miranda has criticised the performance of Serbian referee Milorad Mazic. The Brazil defender said officials from 'lower leagues' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games. Mario Suarez has also taken a swipe at the Serbian official.
Philipp Lahm was speaking to Owen Hargreaves as part of a special documentary on BT Sport. The former Bayern Munich team-mate and World Cup winner praised manager Pep Guardiola's meticulous approach to the game. Lahm said Guardiola's tactical understanding is 'incredible' Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Click here for more Bayern news.
Theo Walcott has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal. Liverpool and Manchester City are keen on the England winger. Walcott will sit down with Gunners chiefs over the next fortnight. The 26-year-old wants assurances over his role in Arsene Wenger's squad.
Cristiano Ronaldo left the pitch with a supporter trying to hug him. Gareth Bale left it knowing that once again the fingers of blame will be pointing at him after his first half miss. Both Bale and Ronaldo scored in extra-time in Lisbon and only an incredible performance from Jan Oblak prevented them from doing so in the first half.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon. Mario Mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by Real Madrid's Daniel Carvajal. Paul Scholes has criticised the Croatian striker for over reacting to challenges. Scholes believes Atletico have the upper hand going into second leg at Bernabeu.
Eric Cantona starred in French film You and the Night. The film includes a number of racy scenes, including one in which Cantona is on his hands and knees in just his underwear. Cantona has defended the film, saying it is 'a work of art' and 'beautiful', and not a porn film as some have said.
Eight of Uniteds first-team squad and six from City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries. David de Gea, Victor Valdes, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera (all Spain), Marcos Rojo, Angel di Maria (both Argentina), Antonio Valencia (Ecuador) and Falcao (Colombia) at United. Willy Caballero, Pablo Zabaleta, Martin Demichelis, Sergio Aguero (all Argentina), Jesus Navas and David Silva (both Spain) at City. Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides respective 18
Yannick Bolasie scored three as Crystal Palace shoved Sunderland closer to the drop zone. Tim Sherwood claimed a priceless victory for Aston Villa at his former club Tottenham. Arsenal kept up their impressive recent form with a 1-0 win over Burnley. West Ham-Stoke City and Swansea City-Everton ended in 1-1 draws.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years. The winger was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson in January 2013 for £10million. Zaha was loaned back to Crystal Palace for the remainder of the season. The 22-year-old has rediscovered his form at Palace this season.
Javier Pastore is the best player in the world, according to Eric Cantona. The former Manchester United striker was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Pastore has three goals and five assists this season compared to Lionel Messi's 45 goals for Barcelona and Cristiano Ronaldo's 51 for Real Madrid. Cantona was third in the Ballon d'Or in 1993.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. Marca led with: 'The Oblak Wall', while AS claim that Real could have settled the tie in the first half, '...butOblak said no' Wednesday night sees the final Spanish team take to the field, as Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the French capital. Neymar will start for Barcelona, despite his reaction to being substituted against Sevilla.
Kieran Lee put Sheffield Wednesday in front with a 36th minute header. Yann Kermorgant levelled midway through the second half. Simon Francis was sent off for the Cherries in the 78th minute. Matt Ritchie scored the kind of goal that belongs in the Premier League to put them in front. Chris Maguire scored a penalty deep into stoppage time to salvage a draw.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 Ligue 1 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season. The 33-year-old striker was suspended for the club's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Barcelona last week, but will be available for selection ahead of the return fixture. Marco Verratti has heaped praise on his team-mate Ibrahimovic.
Eric Cantona believes Manchester United are 'kings of the city' again after their 4-2 win over Manchester City on Sunday. The former United captain believes the Red Devils can win the league next year too under Louis van Gaal. Cantona made a rare foray into football matters at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday. He also defended his role in latest film You And The Night.
Eddie Howe was at a loss as to why his Bournemouth side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty in their 2-2 draw with Sheffield Wednesday. The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Sky Bet Championship going into stoppage time. But it was the failure of referee Paul Tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th minute for a foul on striker Callum Wilson.
Petr Cech posted a video via his YouTube channel, playing the drums to 'Magnificent' by U2. The Czech Republic international has fallen behind Belgian shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois in Jose Mourinho's pecking order this season. Cech has won three league titles, four FA Cups and the Champions League at Chelsea since joining in 2004.
Gonzalo Higuain gave Napoli the lead with a smart finish via the outside his foot after 15 minutes. Slovakian midfielder Marek Hamsik doubled the Italians lead midway through the first half to put them firmly in control. Manolo Gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero Hamisk from the bench before former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final. The Portuguese side are unbeaten in the Champions League this season. Julen Lopetegui has assembled an exciting team based around technical ability and a high-pressing game. Yacine Brahimi has been a shining light for Porto in this European campaign, netting a hat-trick against Basle to take his tally to five goals, while he has been credited with three assists. Ricardo Quaresma struggled during short spells with Chelsea, Besiktas and Al-Ahli.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injured when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone, who had come in on Lap 25 for tyres and fuel. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last three games with an abdominal injury. The Holland international is expected to miss the Champions League tie against Porto. Robben is close to returning to full fitness and will be able to start running again in a few days. The winger plans on returning for Bayern's cup match against Borussia Dortmund on April 28.
Jurgen Klopp has won two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reached the Champions League final, in 2013 at Wembley. Klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager. He is distinct in that he is much more open than Guardiola and seemingly much less calculating than Mourinho, though that in itself is, of course, a calculation.
Real Madrid trio Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex. Real Madrid's first-team stars have 24-hour access to the club's HQ. Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council, where they can rest before and after training. There are also communal suites where Real Madrid stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise.
Some fans in the East Stand will now have to pay over £1,700 to watch City. But the club say that is because the seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package. They also point out that they still have 8,000 seats below Manchester Uniteds cheapest offering.
David Silva was caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow in the second half of Manchester City's 2-0 win over West Ham. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and given oxygen. He went to hospital as a precaution but later posted on social media to ease fans worries, and the club announced on Monday that tests showed no fracture. City bounced back from their defeat in the Manchester derby to win two-0.
Montenegro and Russia played out a goalless draw in Podgorica on March 27. The game was abandoned after 67 minutes after a pitch brawl. Russia goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev was struck by a lit flare from the stands. UEFA have fined Montenegro £36,280 and ordered them to play two games behind closed doors.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final final first-leg on Monday night. City captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were in attendance. Tammy Abraham fired Chelsea ahead in the seventh minute with a stunning volley, but that lead didn't last long with City responding through Isaac Buckley. Abraham restored the visitors' lead before half-time, hooking the ball into the net with an improvised and acrobatic finish at close-range from a corner. Dominic Solanke then sealed the win for Chelsea two minutes from
Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all on target for Manchester United. Sergio Aguero scored a late consolation for Manuel Pellegrini's side. United move up to third in the Premier League, while City are six points behind.
Paul Aldridge will leave Sheffield Wednesday at the end of next season. Chairman Dejphon Chansiri has brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray. The trio will form 'a three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough. Former Hull City and Derby County owner Pearson will advise on business.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday. The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals on loan at Middlesbrough this season. Bamford is hoping to be part of Gareth Southgates England Under 21 squad for the European Championships in the Czech Republic.
Yoshinori Muto would be the first Japanese player to sign for Chelsea. Chelsea agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February. Jose Mourinho admits that Chelsea do consider their sponsorship interests when the club buys a new player. But the Blues would never sign someone who isn't good enough, insists Mourinho.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for Liverpool's fan club in Pakistan. The lifelong Liverpool fan, 27, made the announcement on Friday. The Pak Reds, founded in 2011 and granted official supporter club status two years later, has branches in Lahore, Islamabad, Hyderabad, Karachi, Peshawar and Chakwal. Ali was born in Birmingham and is of Pakistani descent.
Winger Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR. Ryan Shaw kicked five goals for the hosts at the Odsal Stadium. It was only the East Yorkshire side's second cup tie success since reaching the quarter-finals in 2011 and their first Challenge Cup victory at Bradford since 1926.
Monaco lost 1-0 to Juventus in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Leonardo Jardim was furious after his side lost what he described as a 'non-existent penalty' The spot kick was awarded after Juve's Alvaro Morata got clear of Monaco's Portuguese defender Ricardo Carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from Andrea Pirlo. Czech referee Pavel Kralovec hesitated slightly, possibly consulting his goal line assistant, before pointing to the spot.
Javier Pastore has been hailed as 'the best player in the world' by Eric Cantona. The former Manchester United forward believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him. Pastore scored a brace in PSGs 3-1 win at Nice on Saturday.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield beat Catalans Dragons 38-14. Former Wakefield Wildcats star Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances. Ukuma Ta'ai, who also scored twice, caught and off-loaded a kick from Danny Brough on 37 minutes.
Gary Cahill is yet to win the Premier League with Chelsea. Cahill has won four cups with the club since joining in January 2012. Chelsea host Manchester United in the league on Saturday. Click here for Chelsea transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Mike Ashley has been accused of making Newcastle a 'boring' club. Jamie Carragher says he's alarmed at the state of the club. Newcastle have lost their last six Premier League games. Thousands of fans boycotted Sunday's 3-1 defeat at home to Spurs.
Paris St Germain face Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti back from suspension for second leg. But Thiago Silva joins Thiago Motta among the injured. David Luiz is also a fitness doubt for the trip to the Camp Nou.
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six and Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. Pakistan will have the chance to level the three-match series on Sunday when the second ODI takes place in Mirpur.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight title against Peter Quillin in New York on Saturday. The Irishman is confident he has improved even further since winning his world title last year. Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional and poses a tough challenge.
Eddie Hearn has offered £1.5m for Carl Frampton to fight Scott Quigg. The IBF super-bantamweight champion wants to fight Quigg in Manchester on July 18. Matchroom Sport boss Hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF champion.
Sean Reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in Chico, California. The 30-year-old claims he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers. Video footage has emerged of him being repeatedly hit by an officer. Reardon claims he suffered broken bones and respiratory failure after the incident. Officers claim Reardon failed to appear at court on gun charges.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. Adelaide is a much softer city than Sydney. It has charm, colonial history, sophistication and space to breathe. The historic town of Hahndorf, settled by Germans near Adelaide, is a true blue foodie haven.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. Was preparing to leave their home in Port St. Lucie, south-east Florida, following 'a brief altercation' After bundling his three siblings into her car, Garcia started reversing down her driveway, when the teenager jumped onto the hood. Garcia continued to reverse the car for 200ft before driving onwards some 200ft with her son on the hood before stopping.
Pilates instructor Cassey Ho, 28, says the negative comments in the comments section of her YouTube videos have made her cry. In her new video, The 'Perfect' Body, the fitness expert strips down to her underwear, examining, pinching and prodding her body. She then manipulates her body in a simulation of Photoshop.
'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. While his daughter doesn't look too happy about the new attire, her father is pictured grinning beside her. The image was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security' by two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion Kit Dale.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season. The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries. Everton drew 1-1 with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium earlier this month. CLICK HERE for all the latest Everton news.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds' They are places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own. Women are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors.
Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm. Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza wanted a beach chair - but missed out. The 250-piece collection sold out online and flew off of shelves at stores shortly after debuting on Sunday morning.
Danny Welbeck talks to Sportsmail's Martin Keown ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Arsenal striker says he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role. Welbeck expects a tough test as Arsenal face a Championship side at Wembley.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. The Blues have announced a partnership with wellness solutions provider Technogym. The company have kitted out their Cobham training ground with state-of-the-art equipment. Players including Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic have been pictured being put through their paces.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez. Newcastle United defender Gutierrez underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year. The 29-year-old striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury last summer. Manchester United face Premier League-leaders Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Celtic beat Dundee 2-1 at Den's Park on Wednesday night. Gary Mackay-Steven and Virgil van Dijk scored the goals. Celtic are now eight points clear of Aberdeen with five games to play. Jim McAlister's late goal was too little, too late for the hosts.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The bout is billed as the biggest in the history of the sport. Mayweather is expected to earn an estimated $180million from the bout. The undefeated world champion puts his 47-0 record on the line.
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving four metres beneath the ocean when he had his snuggle with the ray. The video shows the swimmer completely motionless in the seagrass, with the enormous 150 kilogram ray rubbing itself back and forward over his body - even nibbling at his head. The stingray is a potentially dangerous creature. If provoked it may use its spiky tail  known as a barb- to spear the victim and inject them with a deadly poison.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 in the 'battle of Holland' Robin van Persie was an interested spectator as he watched the bout on a camel TV. Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side also sit top of La Liga and will take on Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final. Eric Abidal was an integral part of Pep Guardiola's team that won the treble in 2009. The former Barcelona defender was speaking at the launch of the EricAbidal Foundation in Catalonia on Wednesday.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th minute. James Rodriguez doubled the lead in the 69th minute after Ronaldo missed a penalty. Juanmi pulled a goal back for Malaga in the 71st minute. Cristiano Ronaldo made it 3-1 in the 90th minute with a header.
Richie Benaud's small private funeral was attended by close family and friends in Sydney on Wednesday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined. Benaud played 63 tests for Australia but was more well-known for his career in the commentating booth.
Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane scored for Tottenham. Jack Colback had given Newcastle the lead in the 46th minute. The Magpies have now lost six games in a row, their worst run in 14 years. John Carver's side are now seven points above the relegation zone.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool for £10million last summer. The 20-year-old has been on loan at French side Lille this season. Simon Mignolet has been advising Origi about life at the club. The goalkeeper has given him tips about the best places to go in Liverpool.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings has been banned from the Scottish Cup Final. FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong' Meeking was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in their semi-final victory over Celtic. Celtic have written to the S FA seeking 'an understanding' of why no penalty and red card followed.
Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition should a proposed new law be voted in. FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence in running their own affairs. The bill, entitled 'Measures for the confrontation of violence in Greek sports and other provisions', will be initially reviewed by the Cultural Affairs Committee from April 27-30 and then discussed in parliament on May 4-5.
Sergio Aguero scored his 20th Premier League goal of the season in the 36th minute to put Manchester City 2-0 up at the Etihad. West Ham defender James Collins scored an own goal in the 18th minute after his miss-timed clearance looped over Adrian. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after being elbowed in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate.
David Moyes was sacked by Manchester United after a dismal run of results. Louis van Gaal has taken United back into the top four. Sportsmail looks at which man has coped best in the crucial areas. Moyes failed to get the best out of Wayne Rooney, Nemanja Vidic, Rio Ferdinand, Patrice Evra and Ryan Giggs. Van Gaal has been afraid to drop big names like Falcao and Angel di Maria.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January. The Italian coach reportedly told his rival that life in Madrid would be a lot easier if Atletico weren't around. Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the La Liga derby on Sunday. The two sides meet in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday.
A 4WD has burst into flames in the middle of Sydney airport's busy international terminal car park. The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday. The red 4WD was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet of the vehicle. It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
The 50-year-old man collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the Rooftop Restaurant on the fourth floor of the 101 Legian Hotel in the tourist town of Kuta. He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. It's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying at the Bali resort.
mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track. The mechanism appears to work on a sensor system, ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it. It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand found a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. Ms Peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin. She took a photo straight away and uploaded it on her Facebook page. She then shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were more of the 'dangerous' balls.
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla. Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up. She's then handed another fry - but this time around she decides to ration the chunk of potato and breaks it in half. Finally Leighton's mother pops her down on the floor so she can closer to her animal friend.
Insurers are increasingly checking people's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they announced they would be away from the property. This is because most insurers have a'reasonable care' clause, meaning they don't have to offer up cash if they can prove people weren't careful enough in protecting their possessions.
Warren Sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault in February. Britney Osbourne, 23, and Quying Boyd, 34, were both arrested in Phoenix along with Sapp. In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, 42, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel. In the video, Sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that 'everyone got naked' after he 'put $600 on the table'
Paul Warren Smith, 61, was identified as the man in a white Marshall Independent School District van seen in surveillance video tossing five, 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence just before noon on Saturday. All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old. 'Luckily he didn't break their legs, or concussion, break a neck,' Kay Hill, director for The Pet Place, said. Smith, an employee of the MISD, has been placed on administrative leave.
Passengers disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Manchester Airport. They were not asked for documents but were allowed to walk past empty cubicles. Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain' Border Force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers.
Tory leader hit back at presenter Andrew Marr, after being left baffled by questions during an interview on Sunday. Mr Cameron turned the clock back to ape John Majors election soapbox by climbing on to a wooden pallet to address the party faithful. But he ended up being heckled by someone claiming the NHS is dying
The young German Shepherd named Kali bounces about the decking while its mother relaxes on the floor. After creeping up on Kali, the mother begins nudging the young dog with her nose. Kali makes a complete turn and skips off in the direction that she is being sent  the older dog stands over her during the entire walk back.
The man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks in Washington, D.C., Tuesday afternoon. He was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him. Surveillance footage recorded at the U Street station, on the green and yellow lines of the metro system, recorded the swift rescue.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Virgil van Dijk scored the opening goal for the Hoops at Hampden. Van Dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the SPL title. Celtic can reopen an eight-point lead over Aberdeen by winning at Dundee on Wednesday night.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season. He is on loan from Chelsea and is the Championship's Player of the Year. The question being asked is whether he could be Stamford Bridge's answer to Harry Kane next season. Bamford says he wants to fight for his place at Stamford Bridge.
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island on Merseyside when a silver Mercedes attempted to undertake the trafffic. But a Renault driver wasn't happy and pulled into the inside lane to block the Mercedes from moving forwards. The incident was captured on a dashcam by a passing motorist and posted to Youtube by a user called Lancashire Dashcam.
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Porto had a 3-1 first leg aggregate advantage but lost 7-4 on aggregate. The squad were given a heroes reception as they arrived back in Portugal. Police escorts were needed to keep the delirious supporters at bay.
Raheem Sterling was filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The 20-year-old was also caught puffing on a shisha pipe on Sunday. Sterling scored in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle on Monday night. Brendan Rodgers said he will speak to Sterling about the incident. Players' union chief Bobby Barnes said Sterling'made a mistake'
Nathan would join fellow Brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge. The attacking midfielder turned 19 last month but has been in contract dispute with his club Atletico Paranaense. Manchester City have been keen on Nathan following his performances in the World U17 Championships two years ago.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack. The 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt 'disrespected,' reports News Channel Five Network. The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team. The student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault.
20-day-old'spider goat' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the baby goat is growing quickly. He said the kid is healthy and growing quickly - and has become one of the most playful goats on the farm.
Alassane Plea has scored three goals for Nice this season. The 22-year-old has been capped at various levels by France. Former Blackburn defender Bryan Dabo is also on Tony Pulis' radar. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are accused of murder and rape. They are said to have stabbed a third to death after arguing about their phones. Then killed four girl pals they were with so they couldn't tell police about the murder. The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight. The horrific crimes reportedly took place at a house party in Bashkortostan.
James Milner will make a decision on his Manchester City future at the end of the season. The England midfielder has interest from Liverpool with Brendan Rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by Steven Gerrards departure. However, Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting that he has already outlined a move to Anfield. Arsenal and Everton have also expressed interest in the midfielder.
Juventus are interested in signing PSG striker Edinson Cavani, according to reports. The Serie A champions want to pair the Uruguayan with Carlos Tevez. Manchester United also hold an interest in the in-demand striker. Cavani's agent says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg. Felipe Anderson set up Senad Lulic's winner for Lazio. Manchester United watched Anderson and Gonzalo Higuain. PSG, Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal are also keeping tabs on Anderson.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Premier League duo Manchester United and Chelsea. The 21-year-old says he is happy to stay at Valencia and ply his trade in La Liga. The Portuguese midfielder has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer. CLICK HERE for all the latest Valencia news.
Memphis Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games so far this season. Manchester United are said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old. Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested. PSV director Marcel Brands admits Depay will leave in the summer.
Marc Tierney is poised to announce his retirement on Thursday. The 29-year-old left-back fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013. Tierney, who joined Bolton from Norwich, was set for a call up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to his injury.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a draw against the Montreal Impact in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final. The second-half substitute headed home a cross from Argentine midfielder Rubens Sambueza. Argentine striker Ignacio Piatti had put the Impact ahead when he converted Andres Romero's ball in early in theFirst half.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Chelsea's interest in Muto is not connected to the £200million sponsorship deal they signed with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a summer switch to Wolfsburg and Napoli. The Liverpool defender has rejected the rumours and says he won't leave. The 30-year-old has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since arriving in 2008. Liverpool are expected to have a clear-out in the summer to target silverware.
Two in three women (64%) feel anxious just having their photo taken. 41% of children do not think their mother is happy with the way she looks. 15% of women and 19% of men had cropped, filtered, or retouched pictures of their children. ITV's Good Morning Britain is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media under the hashtag #SelfieEsteem.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Tuesday. The Dutchman has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung. De Jong has only made one league start for the Magpies this season. The 26-year-old was a £6million summer signing from Ajax.
Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway after a man fell from a bridge in January last year. As he tended the victim  Alan Tretheway, 67  he was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad. She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, and banned from driving for 18 months.
Abou Diaby's contract expires at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer the Frenchman a new contract. But only on a pay-as-you play basis given his poor injury record. The 28-year-old will be allowed to use the training facilities at the Emirates even if he does not stay at the club.
Gloucestershire Police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley. Officers tweeted a picture of the mishap to warn other drivers on country lanes. Police are considering pursuing the driver for the Mercedes Atego for a driving offence.
David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate. He was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital to be assessed. Tests have confirmed the Spain international suffered no fractures. But the club say the player will still need careful monitoring this week.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season. Former Reds' striker Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is still the right man to take the club forward. Click here for more Liverpool news.
David Silva was caught in the face by an elbow from Cheikhou Kouyate. The 29-year-old required eight minutes of treatment at the Etihad Stadium. Silva was taken to hospital where tests revealed he had not suffered a fracture. The Manchester City playmaker returned to training on Tuesday.
Aston Villa and Reading have been charged by the Football Association. It is alleged that the clubs failed to prevent spectators encroaching on the pitch following the clubs' sixth-round victories against West Brom and Bradford respectively. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge. Villa's 2-0 win at Villa Park had to be temporarily stopped as fans spilled onto the pitch towards the end of the game and the full-time whistle prompted a mass pitch invasion.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 on Saturday. The sixth-seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final. Monfil won just 11 points in a lopsided first set as he struggled to cope.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather's sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview as the Filipino. Nichols makes fun of the 36-year-old's religious faith, singing and claims his mother uses Voodoo. The undefeated US fighter has been sharing updates from his training camp on social media.
Sheik Joaan Al Thani signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the horses which race under his Al Shaqab banner in France. Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer. Only exception will be dual Arc winner Treve, who will continue to be partnered by veteran Thierry Jarnet.
Saracens lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne. Wesley Fofana scored a superb second-half try for the French side. Sarries fly half Charlie Hodgson missed two critical penalties. Saracens face Northampton in the Aviva Premiership final next Saturday.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 in his first game for Surrey this season. The 34-year-old scored just 19 against Glamorgan on Sunday. Mike Gatting believes Pietersen should not walk straight back into the England set-up, even if he piles on the runs for Surrey. England were held to a draw in the first Test against West Indies.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo will play in Tuesday's second Test. Wrist spin has long been a bete noire for England batsmen, a quirk that has been passed down the DNA since Australia's Shane Warne dominated the old enemy for more than a decade.
Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009. 'Home' Test and ODI series' in the meantime have taken place in the United Arab Emirates.
Stephen Curry scored 34 points for the Golden State Warriors. The point guard nearly single-handedly outscored New Orleans with 11 first-quarter points as the Warriors built a 15-point lead. Game Two in the best-of-seven series is scheduled for Monday night in Oakland.
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in a repeat of last year's European Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne's famous Stade Geoffrey-Guichard. England centre Brad Barritt will captain Sarries. Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash. Maro Itoje will start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances.
Alastair Cook has not scored a Test hundred since May 2013. The England captain has the full support of his team-mates and selectors. But his hopes of remaining England captain in the Ashes hinge on what is going on back home. The decision of the ECB to sack Paul Downton has placed Cook and Peter Moores under more pressure.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snookers most prestigious tournament at the Crucible Theatre. There is interest from China in hosting the event. Hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC, both of which expire in 2017.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. The winger has scored three goals in 10 games for the Midlands club. Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent at the end of the season. The 26-year-old can be bought for £2.5million in the summer.
Burnley striker Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 22-year-old has been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and David Moyes' Real Sociedad. Ings has scored nine goals during his debut Premier League season.
British world dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29-year-old, and her horse Valegro, won the world title in Lyon last year. She recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Dutchman Edward Gal with American Steffen Peters in third.
Sam Gallagher scored the winner as Southampton U21s beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 in the Under 21 Premier League Cup final second leg. Ronald Koeman was in the crowd and Gallagher says he hopes he impressed him. The 19-year-old enjoyed a breakthrough season under Mauricio Pochettino last season, making 20 first-team appearances.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-half years at Liverpool. The striker struck up a close friendship with Steven Gerrard. Torres returned to Anfield to play in Gerrard's charity match. The 31-year-old has struggled for form since leaving the club. He has only scored four goals since returning to Atletico Madrid.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday. Incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road. The quartet gathered outside the the Plough and Harrow pub shortly before 5pm, where they confronted a number of Burnley supporters. With the shouting reciprocated from within, the events soon escalated to violence.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle's squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham following row with John Carver. The 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on Twitter saying that he was not injured. Gutierrezs contract is up in the summer and he will be let go after seven years at the club. Click here for more Newcastle United news.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo via his Instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball on Wednesday. Defoe and his team-mates fell to a humiliating 4-1 loss against Crystal Palace in their last match. Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle as they struggle for form at the wrong end of the season with only one win in nine.
Sunderland lost 4-1 to Crystal Palace at the Stadium of Light. Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in the second-half to seal victory. Sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories. Alan Pardew has now been beaten in his last four games as Newcastle boss.
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone. The Black Cats have won just one in nine games this season. Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager. The Dutch boss fears his team lacks the muscle for such a test.
Nelson Oliveira is on-loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica. The 23-year-old has found it tough to make an impression in south Wales. But he is set to make his second Premier League start at Leicester on Saturday. Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter visited one of the host venues on Monday. Blatter commended the work of Russia president Vladimir Putin. The 79-year-old is expecting a 'wonderful' event at the 2018 World Cup. The tournament runs from June 14 to July 15 in Russia.
Txiki Begiristain watched Yacine Brahimi and Alex Sandro on Tuesday night. The Manchester City sporting director is also interested in Kevin de Bruyne. City are keen to revamp their squad for the summer transfer window. Click here for more Manchester City transfer news.
Mauricio Pochettino has put faith in Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason, while more experienced, higher-profile players have been pushed out to the fringes. Spurs are almost certain to miss out on Champions League football again with club currently occupying a place only in the top six. Former QPR boss Harry Redknapp says that a sixth or seventh place finish this season is not progress. 'I like the manager, I think he's excellent. But let's be honest, they haven't pulled up any trees. Finishing sixth or 7th is certainly not going forward,' says Redkn
Martin Odegaard was refused a rating for his performance for B-team Castilla. The 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down. He is understood to be on £40,000 per week but has yet to become a cohesive part of Zinedine Zidane's team.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game. Kurier lead with the headline'safety for fixed Bayern' Record report on Porto's 'worst defeat in their European history' L'equipe build up to Monaco's quarter-final against Juventus.
Former Premier League referee Mark Halsey has slammed the FAs decision to put Jon Moss in charge of the FA Cup final instead of Mark Clattenburg. He said the English game would be a laughing stock over the decision. Moss will referee the final between Aston Villa and Arsenal at Wembley on May 30. Clattenberg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba. The 22-year-old has been called up to the Romania national side. Tim Sherwood is also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako. Tottenham midfielder Tom Carroll is another potential target for Sherwood.
Harry Kane became the first Spurs player since Gary Lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side's 3-1 Barclays Premier League victory at Newcastle. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is convinced the 21-year-old England hitman can improve further as he continues to make his way in the game. Nacer Chadli and Christian Eriksen paved the way for his late contribution as the visitors condemned Newcastle to a sixth successive league defeat.
Dele Alli has been on loan at MK Dons from Tottenham Hotspur. The 19-year-old has scored 14 goals for the League One side this season. Alli was voted Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards. The midfielder has set his sights on the Toulon Tournament with England Under 20s.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for Aston Villa training in a flamboyant outfit. Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time as Tottenham manager last season. Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule the Frenchman's choice of attire describing it as the 'the worst ever'
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground after Portugal's 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening. He was pictured greeting fellow Galactico Gareth Bale, who also enjoyed a successful weekend with his country as he scored twice in Wales' 3-0 victory against Israel in Haifa. Sergio Ramos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez were also pictured getting put through their paces in sun-soaked Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training.
Charlie Pye applied for the Aston Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked. The 6-year-old wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus. He also wanted a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets. Sherwood wrote a letter congratulating him on his credentials, despite missing out.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Per Mertesacker will not allow his side to become complacent ahead of the tie. The Gunners came from 2-0 down to beat Wigan in last season's final. Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League after 16 wins from 18.
Premier League and FA Cup semi-finals take place this weekend. Crystal Palace host West Bromwich Albion at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup final at Villa Park on Sunday afternoon.
Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid in a £2.3m deal in January. But the 16-year-old has been dropped by the club's B-team Castilla. Zinedine Zidane is desperate to see the Castilla side promoted. The youngster is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates as he rarely trains with them.
Jurgen Klopp has revealed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League. Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a good fit. The German has won the Bundesliga title twice at Dortmund.
Oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January. The Brazil international has played some part in 39 Chelsea matches this season, scoring seven goals and contributing eight assists. Jose Mourinho has largely favoured other players to Oscar in the second-half of the season. Chelsea currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the Premier League title race.
Marvin Hagler believes Floyd Mayweather lacks class and does not act in the manner befitting a champion. Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world, nicknamed 'Money' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance. Hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his epic three-round fight against Thomas Hearns.
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history against Sheffield United at Old Trafford 12 years ago. The former Arsenal keeper says it's the best one he ever made. Seaman believes the save tops his penalty heroics for England - including the Euro 96 shootouts. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Joe Calzaghe is on holiday in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy. The couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down. The former undisputed super-middleweight champion of the world won all 46 of his professional fights. His defining nights included his win over unbeaten American Jeff Lacy.
Danny Ings is a top target for Manchester United this summer. Louis van Gaal has been impressed with the Burnley striker. Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. Liverpool are also interested in signing the 22-year-old. Click here for more Manchester United transfer news.
Manny Pacquiao has released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. 'Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino' translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino' The 36-year-old wrote and directed the music video before releasing it on his Facebook page.
Michael van Gerwen beat Raymond van Barneveld 7-2 last week. World No 1 Van Gerwen is undefeated in Premier League Darts. Defeat by Gary Anderson on Thursday could spell elimination. Pair posed with compatriots Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall. The defeat for Taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. In contrast the victory for ChisNall moved him up to second in the table after Gary Anderson drew with Raymond van Barneveld. Michael van Gerwen continued his unbeaten record as he swept past James Wade.
Richie Benaud, the former Australia captain and iconic cricket commentator, has died aged 84. Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964 to pursue a career in journalism and broadcasting. His final commentary in England was at the 2005 Ashes series but he continued to work in Australia until 2013.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at the Emirates Stadium. Goals from Alexis Sanchez and Martin McCleary put the Gunners in the lead. Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici made an embarrassing error in extra time. The ball rolled through his legs and over the line in the 106th minute. Arsenal will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa in the final.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England after a top-order collapse. Bell and Joe Root put on 177 for the fourth wicket after England's top order collapsed in Antigua. Jonathan Trott's return to the team ended with a three-ball duck when he was dismissed in the first over. England captain Alastair Cook was dismissed for just 11 runs by Kemar Roach. Gary Ballance was the third to fall to a bad shot with just 34 on the board.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. The Colombian striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make the loan permanent. Nabil Dirar believes FalCao would have been better off staying at Monaco.
John Carver has called on the advice and support of former Newcastle managers Alan Shearer and Alan Pardew as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase. Supporters are planning to boycott todays game at home to Spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner Mike Ashley. Carver was in the dugout alongside Pardine at the end of last season when fans expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over Cardiff.
Brendan Rodgers will remind Raheem Sterling of his responsibilities after the Liverpool youngster hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before scoring the opener in a 2-0 win over Newcastle United. Sterling has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide, also known as 'hippy crack', and on Sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe. The 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour.
An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Premier League strike of the season was enough to give Manchester City the three points. Pablo Zabaleta, Jesus Navas and Yaya Toure all impressed at the Etihad Stadium. Frank Lampard was given a rare chance to impress by starting against West Ham. Alex Song was replaced by Allce in the 66th minute.
Thousands of Newcastle United supporters stayed away from Sundays home match against Spurs. Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game. Several hundred gathered outside of St James Park before kick-off. There they called for billionaire Mike Ashley to quit the club.
Manchester City host West Ham at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. City had won their last five games against West Ham - by an aggregate score of 14-1 - before falling to just their second league defeat of the season at Upton Park in October. Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing Manuel Pellegrinis side.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League. But the Real Madrid boss insists he will remain at the Bernabeu next season. Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday. Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real Madrid's match against Malaga through a knee injury. Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri has warned his players not to gamble with their season.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli this summer. He was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012. The Blues fans never warmed to him. He did little to bring the support on-side in the first few weeks. But he got the best out of his squad and got the better out of Fernando Torres.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' Seluk also criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City this summer.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. The Blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match, their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. Jose Mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to Real Madrid. But Potters boss Mark Hughes has played down the reports. The Bosnia international is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium in 2016. Hughes is hopeful of completing the signing of Barcelona B winger Moha El Ouriachi.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 18th minute. Luis Suarez doubled the lead in the 67th minute to make it 3-0. Former Chelsea defender David Luiz was beaten for the second time by the Uruguayan. Suarez scored his second goal of the game in the 79th minute with a curling effort.
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Luis Enrique. The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Barca are six games away from winning the La Liga title. Enrique's side comfortably dispatched of Champions League chasing Valencia on Saturday.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on April 8. The 30-year-old only needed 288 games to reach the landmark figure. Real Madrid president Florentino Perez presented Ronaldo with a special shirt to mark his achievements. The Portuguese forward only trails Raul and Alfredo di Stefano in the scoring charts.
Lionel Messi was linked with a move away from Barcelona earlier this year. Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu has told Messi he has a place at the Nou Camp until 'he decides to retire' Messi scored his 400th goal for Barca in Saturday's 2-0 win over Valencia.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September. The Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United are keeping their options open, for the moment at least.
Leonardo Jardim is proud after Monaco reached the Champions League quarter-finals without big investment. The principality club host Juventus at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday looking to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the quarter-final first leg. Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons. Most of Monaco's expensive signings subsequently moved on.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight against Floyd Mayweather was cancelled during media event. The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues. Mayweather is due to address the media in a conference call on Wednesday. Click here for all the latest boxing news.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current contract. Henderson's new deal is worth around £100,000-a-week and will run until the summer of 2020. The 24-year-old is the third big player in Brendan Rodgers' squad to agree a contract extension.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle from Chelsea. The German midfielder joined Wolfsburg in January. Napoli travel to Wolfsburg for the first leg of the Europa League quarter-final on Thursday. The former Chelsea boss won the competition with the Blues in 2013.
Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season. The Uruguayan striker admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Neymar when he joined the club. Neymar kicked Suarez in the groin during a Barcelona training session. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
Werder Bremen beat Hamburg SV 1-0 in the northern derby on Sunday. Franco Di Santo scored the winner from the penalty spot in the 84th minute. New Hamburg coach Bruno Labbadia made a losing return to the bench. Hamburg are the only team never to have played in the second division.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in the 106th minute of the game. Arsene Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat Reading.
Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet has backed Divock Origi to be a success at Anfield. The 19-year-old joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup but was loaned back to Lille for this season. Origi has endured a difficult spell in Ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign - and was recently voted the second most overrated player in a poll by France Football.
Jose Mourinho has kept 101 clean sheets in 189 Premier League games. Rafa Benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 matches with Liverpool and Chelsea, keeping out his opponents in 44.9 per cent of his games. Mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded per game, with 0.63. His Chelsea teams have collectively only conceded 120 times under his guidance.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a 15-second video on his Instagram account. The video shows the 38-year-old boxer flaunting his wealth and possessions. Rapper Yo Gotti's song blares over footage of Mayweather's opulent life. It essentially lists his many expensive possessions which include: 'Big crib, ten cars, twenty acres' The video also shows the many luxurious properties owned by Mayweather. It surfaces just two weeks before one of the most anticipated fights in recent boxing history, when he takes on Manny Pacquiao.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Spain. A representative for Palermo is in Madrid and is set to meet the Atletico hierarchy on Friday. Juventus, Roma, Inter Milan and Paris Saint-Germain are all interested. Barcelona are now favourites to win the Champions League.
Joe Hart says Manchester City have 'let themselves down' this season. City are currently fourth in the Premier League, 12 points behind Chelsea. Manuel Pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the Etihad. Hart says the squad have had 'a lot of honest conversations' since defeat at Manchester United nine days ago.
Anderson Silva has expressed his desire to represent Brazil in the 2016 Games. Local taekwondo officials said they like the idea of having the MMA fighter on the team. Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests. He tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
AP McCoy landed the second win of his last Aintree meeting thanks to a trainer he will be praying doesn't win Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National. Irishman Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes, a gelding owned by McCoy's boss JP McManus. McCoy won on board Elliotts Don Cossack, who took apart a strong Melling Chase field with a 26-length defeat of Cue Card.
Juventus have made a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Italy. Gazzetta dello Sport report that the Serie A side have tabled an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for the 21-year-old. Manchester United and Arsenal have also been linked with the striker. In Spain, Barcelona continued to resist Real Madrid's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop La Liga.
Former England team director Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. Flower is effectively running the England cricket academy at Loughborough and working with young players in a coaching role. Kevin Pietersen is back playing cricket for Surrey in the hope of winning back a Test spot in the England side. Only the ECBs hopeless media team could launch the domestic NatWest T20 Blast on the same day as an England Test match.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the Bundesliga club in the fall-out of their shock Champions League defeat by Porto. The 72-year-old medical professional is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years. His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned.
Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera has played down comparisons with Paul Scholes. The 25-year-old has been hailed as the one player who could take over Scholes' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield. Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his £28.8million arrival from Athletic Bilbao last summer. Click here for more Manchester United news.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, who decided to bypass the usual bidding process. Doha, home to the Aspire Dome, beat Eugene to the 2019 event. The 2007 World Championships held in Osaka, Japan was also awarded without a biddingprocess.
Jessica Ennis-Hill will return to hurdling at the Great City Games in Manchester in mid-May. The 29-year-old will then compete against Katarina Johnson-Thompson in Austria at the end of May. She has not competed at all since the London Anniversary Games of July 2013, when achilles injury limited her long jump and hurdles performances before curtailing her season. 'I love being a mum, it is amazing, and now he has a real personality,' she said.
Liverpool are making a rival push for Manchester United target Memphis Depay. PSV Eindhoven have confirmed United have made enquiries for the Holland international. Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the Champions League could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over United.
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill in the heptathlon in South Korea in 2011. Chernova was found to have provided a positive sample for a prohibited steroid at the 2009 World Championships. The Russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 August 2009 to 14 August 2011  just 16 days before she beat Ennis by 129 points in Daegu, South Korea. The following year the Brit took gold in memorable scenes at London 2012, with Chernova third. 'Obviously I'm not happy about how the ban has
Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised during Atletico Madrid's Champions League quarter-final tie against Real Madrid. The Croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach. Atletico and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in the absence of key triumverate Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. The two teams come head-to-head in the second leg of their Champions League quarter-final at the Santiago Bernabeu with the scoreline goalless following the first encounter on April 14.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. Cristiano Ronaldo and Co looked in a relaxed mood as they put through their paces in training. Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement of those watching on.
Alex Elenes went on a trip of a lifetime to see the Amazon rainforest...but he missed the whole thing being asleep. The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit. Cousin Roxy said that her slumbering companion had been the one to push for the trip and that he chose the trip over going to Machu Picchu.
Jessica Carey had a portrait of a younger Patty Lawing tattooed on her forearm. She surprised her grandmother with the tattoo and it was captured on camera. The video was captured in February but the priceless reaction is only now emerging online. Jessica shared the footage writing: 'Nana is one of my favourite people in the world'
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. The Sunderland winger was considered a prospect for Roy Hodgson as recently as a year ago. Johnson scored seven times in seven games during a run last season, and was still an England prospect. The winger played 81 minutes of Sunderland's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United before being arrested.
Aston Villa could sign Cordoba striker Florin Andone for as little as £2.5million. The Romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling Spanish side who are rooted to the bottom of La Liga. Sportsmail revealed Villa have held talks over 22-year-old Andone.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close. He then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep. 'Puppy had been awake for a few hours and couldn't help but fall asleep even in the funniest positions,' she later wrote online.
Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh. Match organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman in his fight against the terminal condition. David Cameron insisted  like in the upcoming election  the Tories could pull off an against-the-odds victory.
Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal. There has also been speculation about the futures of Morgan Schneiderlin and Nathaniel Clyne. Ronald Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup Final. SFA panel kicked out a charge of deliberate handball during Sundays semi-final against Celtic. Inverness defender admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been sent off by referee Steven McLean for stopping Leigh Griffiths net-bound effort.
Manchester City have increased season tickets for able-bodied fans by 283 per cent from £870 to £1,700. Some disabled fans say they are 'disgusted' with the club after they hiked prices of some season tickets by £345 to £975. They claim the club are trying to force migration to other parts of the Etihad Stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the Championships basement club. Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days. Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year. A fellow Blackpool fan began a fundraising page on the website go fund me which has attracted interest across Britain.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona against Valencia. Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to go top of Ligue 1.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge is a major doubt for the game with a hip injury. Comedian Darren Farley impersonated club legend Michael Owen. Farley specialises in mimicking a number of Anfield stars both past and present.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have both scored eight Champions League goals this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has netted on nine occasions. Adriano is out of contract in December and could move to the Premier League. Arsenal have sent scouts to watch Adriano, while Liverpool are also keen on the Brazilian.
Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against Manchester United. The 20-year-old man-marked Marouane Fellaini superbly during the Blues' 1-0 victory at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho said he wanted the game to be a '10 against 10' clash.
Zinedine Zidane says he likes Eden Hazard more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. The Real Madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for Hazard, who could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend. Hazard has been a major factor in Chelseas impending Premier League title victory this season.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Javier Hernandez, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the Champions League semi-finals. United missed out on Europe's premier competition for the first time in 19 years under David Moyes. Louis van Gaal's side are on course for a return to Europe's top table next season.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League. The Blues travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face their nearest rivals. Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance in English football. The 23-year-old has aspirations of further success in the coming seasons.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford to contest a controversial FA Cup final. Many soldiers already wounded from war or in uniform for training earned the match its Khaki Cup Final tag. The match was played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium. The Al Rayyan Stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by UK-based architecture firms Ramboll and Pattern. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled. The stadium is expected to host matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to appear in Scottish Cup final after his ban was dismissed. John Hughes was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves. Only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting. Hughes insists this 'unprecedented' SFA wrangle must be the catalyst for change in Scottish footballs governance.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. Atop Miss Royale as it tore down the home straight, the elastic in Mr Shinn's pants gave way, exposing his backside. 'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said.
Jordan Henderson is 'over the moon' after signing a new long-term contract with Liverpool. The club's vice-captain puts pen to paper on a deal which will keep him at Liverpool until 2020. Henderson could be handed the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves at the end of the season.
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000, claiming she stole her pet chicken when she was seven years old. Karo claims that moving to LA has brought back memories of losing 'Doggie' for her and forced her back into therapy. Kunis responded to the lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video, claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against the accuser. But within hours Kutcher had posted a video pointing out some of the holes in Karo's story.
Terri Hernandez says she grew close to Ursula Lloyd, the mother of Odin Lloyd over the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' she said. The interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of Lloyd's killing.
The video, filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. In other scenes she spotted singing a hauntingly horrifying melody, feasting on a fake carcass or chasing her 'victims' through the park.
Francis Pusok's beating by deputies after a horse chase was captured on video. His arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe. San Bernardino County spokesman David Wert said county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old PUSok in a closed meeting.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, was born with Epidermolysis Bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. Unless a cure is found, Jonathan will likely only live to 25. One in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition. He had to stop playing sports so has turned his focus to sportscasting.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday. It shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. Witnesses tried to intervene, but couldn't break up the group.
The enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. The five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer at $15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013. The house includes a wet bar, walnut-paneled library, huge gourmet kitchen and a built-in safe. Outside there is a dog run, an outdoor pool, outdoor fireplace and a pond, as well as extensive waterfront views.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest. Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top. After a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday where they worked to release three men. Police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on Victoria Street. They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. Two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach. The initial police report said the animal was a small seal. But a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion, according to Peter Wallerstein, the president of the group Marine Animal Rescue. The rescued pup weighs about 25 pounds and is probably 10 months old.
Pep Guardiola split his pants during Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto. The Spanish tactician wore a tight, grey suit with a navy pullover, black tie and crisp white shirt. He joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' Other stars guilty of going a little too tight include Russell Brand, Dermot O'Leary and Olly Murs.
During a question and answer session at the White House for their annual Take our Daughter's and Son's to Work Day a little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age. 'I'm 51,' replied Michelle Obama. The girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!' A flattered Obama asked Brodie to repeat her effortless compliment back into the microphone.
Harry Kane wants to play for England's Under 21s side at the European Championships. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to be rested at the end of his first full campaign rather than compete in the tournament in the Czech Republic. Spurs and England have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement. England have pulled out of the annual Victory Shield U16 tournament.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Rodgers' side are fifth in the Premier League table, seven points behind Manchester City in fourth but with a game in hand on last year's champions.
Southampton host Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino managed Southampton between 2013 and 2014. The former Argentina defender left for Spurs last summer. Ronald Koeman has taken the Saints to new heights since taking over. The Dutchman says the game will be a'very nice one' at St Mary's.
Spartak Moscow fined £2,500 and banned from two away games. Club's appeal against sanctions rejected by The Russian Football Union. Spartak supporters allegedly displayed a racist banner. The club are currently sixth in the Russian Premier League. Click here for more Spartak Moscow news.
Truck driver had a nasty prang with the huge armoured vehicle during rush hour in Changchun city, China, on Thursday April 16. Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter, and quickly went viral. It's unclear whether or not this is a military tank but people inside the vehicle were wearing camouflage uniforms.
'First of its kind' equipment developed by Elbit Systems working with Israeli Ministry of Defense. Will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. Decision comes after the Israeli army considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat. It is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
Marouane Fellaini hails Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against. The Manchester United midfielder was on the pitch as Gerrard was dismissed just 38 seconds after coming on during Liverpool's 2-1 defeat to United at Anfield last month. The 27-year-old also praised Phil Jagielka as being the toughest tackler he has come up against since leaving Goodison Park in September 2013. Nemanja Vidic was described as the fittest player the Belgian has played with.
Tottenham defender Kyle Walker faces another four weeks on the sidelines. Walker picked up an injury against Burnley earlier this month. Scans showed the England international had not broken his foot. Walker could be fit in time to return for the last day of the season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news.
Jordon Ibe is poised to sign a new five-year contract with Liverpool. The 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at Anfield until 2020. Ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at Derby County. Liverpool also expect to announce Jordan Henderson's new contract this week.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward after a season with no trophies. Rodgers' future at Anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy. Liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand and look set to miss out on Champions League qualification.
Jack Grealish has been accused of getting high on 'hippy crack' The Aston Villa midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon believed to be filled with nitrous oxide. The 19-year-old inspired Tim Sherwood's team to their FA Cup semi-final triumph over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley. The selfie was taken in a hotel room about six months ago.
Nine-year-old girl attacked by lion being walked like a dog in Siberian village. She was walking home from music school with her mother when she was mauled. Photographs show the animal being walked around by a circus worker. The circus is believed to have left Namtsy - also known as Yakutia - after incident.
Ciro Immobile has struggled since joining Borussia Dortmund from Torino. Liverpool have made contact with Dortmund's sporting director Michael Zorc. Spartak Moscow want to rescue Nemanja Vidic from his nightmare spell at Inter Milan. Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut. Manchester City are considering the merits of QPR goalkeeper Alex McCarthy.
Andrea Dossena was arrested at Harrods in Knightsbridge on April 7. The 33-year-old and a woman, 31, were released after being interviewed. The defender will face no further action, according to the Metropolitan Police. Sportsmail understands officers accepted his claims that he had simply forgotten to pay for a couple of items.
Tottenham are chasing 1860 Munich midfielder Julian Weigl. The 19-year-old has a buy-out clause of £2.5million. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be keen on a deal. Weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out for a late drinking session.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for Edinson Cavani. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the Uruguayan. Cavani scored twice in Saturday's French League Cup final win against Bastia. The 28-year-old joined PSG from Napoli in a £50million deal in 2013.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. The latest design, which will be worn by the women's team at this summer's World Cup, features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow. The aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament. While patriotic supporters are up in arms, feedback from the team itself has been more positive.
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes. The former Manchester United boss has been associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. Ferguson was in Glasgow on Thursday to make a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund, actually physically writing out a cheque towards a permanent memorial.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to Arsenal. Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with a move away.
Teresa Bullock captured the clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick. PETA's UK director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that ill-informed people are often inspired to obtain monkeys as pets on the back of such videos.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire. Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive. But his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood where his teenage son regularly rode quad bikes around the streets. Police kept watch on familys home where Doyle chopped down the huge front hedge so he could check for unwanted visitors outside. He was eventually arrested during a raid on his five-bedroom house after a major investigation into the supply of various
Gary Deegan caught Dens defender Gary Irvine high on his right shin. Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details. The official had his view obstructed by bodies and because of that the SFA could take no action. The governing body immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. They altered the rules. PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in February. West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer. Ramsey believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on Rangers avoiding the drop.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings handled Leigh Griffiths goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it. Virgil van Dijk believes the officials created the mess and then closed ranks to insist they simply hadn't seen it.
John Carver and Jonas Gutierrez had a training-ground bust-up last week. The Argentine was left out of Newcastle's matchday squad against Tottenham. Carver says the pair have shaken hands and moved on from the incident. Newcastle travel to Swansea City on Saturday in the Premier League.
Chris Ramsey has pledged his long-term future to QPR. Ramsey was handed the managers job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role when Harry Redknapp resigned in February. The 52-year-old is a popular and respected man within the game, with aspirations of getting the full-time job.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen set the fastest time in Friday's practice session. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished 16th and 23rd respectively. McLaren's Fernando Alonso was an encouraging seventh, finishing 0.771secs down. Jenson Button stalled his car after just three minutes of the session.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the $300m mega-fight on May 2. The Filipino says he must be a warrior in the ring to come out on top. He says: 'I have to fight like it is the last fight of my life' The fight is billed as the biggest sporting event in history.
Trucker filmed launching foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after crash. Car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. Eventually the car towing the caravan jackknifes, coming to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road. Footage was posted on Facebook and viewed 2million times in 48 hours.
Gloucester beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie at Kingsholm. The Cherry and Whites now face Edinburgh at the Twickenham Stoop on May 1. Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad following his poor showing against Italy in round two.
Justin Rose finished joint runner-up with Phil Mickelson at the Masters. The Englishman has been training on his state-of-the-art indoor golf simulator. The simulator lets players practice their games inside their own homes. It doesn't come cheap and will set you back around £30,000 to have one installed.
Trainer Roger Varian insists he has not lost faith in Belardo after the 2014 Dewhurst Stakes winner beat only one home in Saturday's Greenham Stakes. Varians determination to keep the son of Lope De Vega away from the fast ground he encountered at Newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent on May 2.
McCoy will retire next week, but had been hoping for a final National success before Benvolio withdrew. McCoy has three rides at Ayr today - Sea Lord, Upsilon Bleu and Lettheriverrundry. McCoy will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship before the third race, the AP McCoy Celebration Chase.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton finished first and second in second practice. Rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Hamilton gifted him first place. Sebastian Vettel finished fourth, behind Rosberg, Hamilton and third-placed Kimi Raikkonen in Bahrain. McLaren's Fernando Alonso was 1.5secs back in 12th.
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and will be out for six months. The 26-year-old Waikato Chiefs fly-half has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years, establishing himself as first choice. England lock Joe Launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback in Wasps Premiership clash with Leicester on May 9.
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday centred around a neck success on Charlie Hills-trained Greenham Stakes winner Muhaarar. The 44-year-old Italian can concentrate on Britain.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the Champions Cup on Saturday. Mark McCall's side had five England-qualified forwards in the starting pack. McCall has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-World Cup transfer market. Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has called for the cap to be scrapped.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first Test against New Zealand in Abu Dhabi. The 34-year-old then failed an initial test on its legality. He was therefore unable to be selected to bowl in the World Cup, but injured his calf anyway and was ruled out of the global tournament in Australia and New Zealand. But after the International Cricket Council confirmed his action has been proven legal in Chennai this month, Hafeez can bowl again for his country.
Alastair Cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack. Leg-spinner Adil Rashid could offer what is needed but by all accounts he hasnt been bowling well enough. Mark Wood seems to have that different trajectory which should suit overseas pitches on which England struggle. Ben Stokes was the pick of the bowlers for me on day one because of the fuller length that he bowled.
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour. Finn has spent time since the World Cup working on his run-up. The 26-year-old says he's been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style. Finns claims will be music to the selectors ears.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. First the Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels. All in a days work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs in what is shaping up to be an eventful career.
Sir Bradley Wiggins left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12. Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the May 1 to 3 race. The 2012 Tour de France winner was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began in Yorkshire.
England removed both West Indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second Test in Grenada. James Anderson castled Kraigg Brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over. Chris Jordan had Devon Smith caught behind after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge. Smith declined to try his luck upstairs and walked off. That left the hosts 36 for two at lunch, with 15 overs gone.
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible in Sheffield. Dott remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw. John Higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over Robert Milkins.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100. LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series. Los Angeles Clippers' Chris Paul scored 32 points as they beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92 in their first-round playoff series opener. Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks defeated Brooklyn Nets 99-92 on Sunday evening.
Graziano Pelle scored his first Premier League goal since December 20 as Southampton beat Hull City 2-1 at St Mary's. James Ward-Prowse came on as a half-time sub and scored from the penalty spot after Shane Long was fouled by Alex Bruce. Pelle was given a yellow card in the first half for a clash with Hull's Alex Bruce but the Italian striker continued on the field.
James Morrison headed West Brom ahead after just two minutes at Selhurst Park. West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort in the second half. Tony Pulis returned to his former club for the first time since leaving two days before the start of the season. Pulis won the Premier League LMA Manager of the Year award last season.
Tonny Vilhena wants to quit Feyenoord this summer. Ronald Koeman made enquiries for the 20-year-old in January. The Saints are also monitoring his team-mate, the £10m-rated midfielder Jordy Clasie. Koeman is also looking to make Eljero Elia's loan move from Werder Bremen permanent.
Everton defender Leighton Baines is a big music lover. The England international is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner. Baines admits that he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs. He also reveals that Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in the Toffees' dressing room. The interview with Baines features in the latest edition of Match of the Day magazine.
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen. The Argentine has been in superb form for his club this season. Di Santo previously played for Chelsea but struggled to make an impact. Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows the 26-year-old well from his time at Chelsea.
Stoke City came from behind to earn all three points at home to Ronald Koeman's Southampton. Morgan Schneiderlin gave the visitors the lead at the Britannia Stadium. Mame Biram Diouf equalised for Stoke before Charlie Adam scored a late winner. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' hit Delilah is stopping Stoke City from qualifying for Europe.
Jack Grealish impressed in Aston Villa's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool. The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. Tim Sherwood has told G realish to focus on his Aston Villa career. G realyish is expected to choose between the two countries at the end of the season.
Walter Smith spent two spells as manager of Rangers. The 67-year-old insists Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. McCall has put Rangers in the driving seat for second place in the Scottish Championship after taking over from reluctant caretaker Kenny McDowall.
Brendan Rodgers was found guilty of neglecting a property in Accrington. He was ordered to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish. But he did not receive a summons from Hyndburn Borough Council. Both Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned.
Andres Iniesta set up Neymar for the opening goal in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday night. The Spaniard was typically modest about his fourth assist in Europe this season, preferring to focus on what has been a disappointing domestic campaign for the World Cup winner. Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol at the Estadi Cornella-El Prat on Saturday.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Hawthorns on Saturday. James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies. Tony Pulis insists he will never change his touchline attire. The 57-year-old wears a cap, track suit and shiny white trainers. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Brom news.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The 6ft 6in German was substituted around the hour mark. Scans showed he had just a minor ankle sprain when a more serious injury was feared. Gabriel Paulista will deputise at centre-half for Arsenal on Sunday.
Clayton Donaldson scored a late headed winner for Birmingham City. Reading lost their second game in as many matches as their poor Championship form continues. Reading were involved in a dramatic 2-1 defeat against Arsenal, after extra-time, in the last four of the Cup at Wembley on Saturday. Goalkeeper Adam Federici, whose fumble led to Alexis Sanchez's winning goal, was retained against Birmingham.
Gary Gardner has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest. The 22-year-old will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training. Tim Sherwood is keen to see Gardner train day-to-day before making a decision. Gardner scored a stunning free-kick against Watford with Sherwood in attendance at the City Ground.
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final. Given is putting Brad Guzan under pressure for the No 1 jersey in the Premier League. Guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final victory over Liverpool, but understood Tim Sherwood's decision.
Blackpool were relegated to League One after Rotherham's victory over Brighton on Monday. The Seasiders' loyal support are sick of a lack of investment in their club. Chairman Karl Oyston was the target of their criticism. Fans gathered in front of the West Stand to demonstrate against their owner before the directors' box windows were targeted with eggs.
The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011. He has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American League side that he now co-owns. Ronaldo admits a return to top level football is past him but would pick the current Real Madrid talisman to play alongside.
Blackpool goalkeeper Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week's Championship match with Reading. The signed shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor but Lewis had to wear it because Blackpool, who have no kitman, had no others to give the 27-year-old. The club's relegation from the Championship was confirmed last week following Rotherham's 1-0 win over Brighton.
Ipswich took the lead through an own goal from Wolves defender Richard Stearman in the 21st minute. Wolves striker Benik Afobe equalised for the home side in the 50th minute to keep their play-off hopes alive. Mick McCarthy's side remain in the play-offs after a 1-1 draw with Wolves.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Saturday. Lee Clark's side have been relegated to League One. The Seasiders' main reception was pelted with eggs before the game. Fans chanted for chairman Karl Oyston to leave the club. CLICK HERE for all the latest Blackpool news.
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was fired on Sunday by Tranmere. Forty sackings were recorded by the League Managers Association before the end of March. The trend is set to smash its previous record of 46, set in 2006-07. Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years at Arsenal.
Andres Iniesta suffered a bruised pelvis in Barcelona's 3-1 Champions League win at Paris St Germain. Iniesta had to be replaced by Xavi eight minutes into the second half of the quarter-final first leg at the Parc des Princes. Barca did not say how long Iniesta might be sidelined but will be hoping the Spain international is fit for PSG's visit to the Nou Camp on Tuesday.
British Transport Police (BTP) Chief Constable Paul Crowther warns of problem. Comes ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem. BTP has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far this season. A number of high-profile incidents have come under scrutiny.
Massimo Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January. The 22-year-old creator has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season. Tim Sherwood sent Luongo to Swindon on loan during his spell as development director at White Hart Lane.
Kevin Pietersen was hit on the hand while fielding for Surrey against Oxford. The batsman was taken off as a precaution and did not return after tea. The former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with a return to red ball cricket. Surrey are playing the match against Oxford, which does not have First Class status.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood replied to a letter from six-year-old fan Charlie Pye who had applied for the Villa hotseat after Paul Lambert was sacked in February. The youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus and would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football, a WWE wrestling figure and some sweets. Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media on Friday.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the ninth minute. Newcastle's Moussa Sissoko was sent off in the 71st minute. Liverpool move to within four points of Manchester City in the Premier League. Philippe Coutinho was Liverpool's best player all night.
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night. The Serie A leaders won the tie on aggregate, having led from the first-leg 1-0 through Arturo Vidal's penalty in Turin. Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a deliberate handball.
Gareth Bale has come under fire from Real Madrid fans this season. The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League. Mark Hughes has urged the 25-year-old to stay at the Bernabeu. Hughes regrets only spending a single season at Barcelona in 1988.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys. Carragher insists the style of play Atletico Madrid showed against their neighbours Real at the Bernabeu would not impress the three Barclays Premier League giants. 'I love watching him on the sidelines. I love watching his team play, their work rate and their effort, they're a team of men,' says Carragher.
Daniel Sturridge failed to train again on Thursday as Liverpool stepped up preparations for Sunday's FA Cup semi-final with Aston Villa. The England striker missed Mondays 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip. Sturridge hasnt been involved in any outdoor work since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn. Steven Gerrard is available having served a three-match suspension.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-old spent three years at Burnley after leaving Manchester United. He also spent time on loan at MLS side Toronto FC before moving to New York Red Bulls last year. Click here for more transfer news.
The 214th Derby della Madonnina was played at the San Siro. Roberto Mancini and Filippo Inzaghi's sides are struggling in mid-table. The game was goalless at half-time, with both sides showing little quality. Philippe Mexes thought he had scored an own goal, but it was ruled out.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch Eredivisie title. Luuk de Jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control. Memphis Depay took his tally to 20 for the season with a stunning free kick.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Sebastian Rode and Andreas Beck scored for the German champions. Bayern are 13 points clear of second-placed VfL Wolfsburg with five games left. Pep Guardiola's side host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Saudi Arabian footballer Emad Sahabi suffered a gruesome broken ankle while playing for his club Al Orubah against Al Shoalah. The match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball. The break brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by Arsenal duo Eduardo and Aaron Ramsey a few years ago.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea against Manchester United. John Terry made a strong challenge on Radamel Falcao in the build-up. Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree Terry's challenge should have been stopped during half-time.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa were on target as Dortmund returned to winning ways. The win moved last season's Bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe. Dortmund had lost their two previous Bundesliga matches against Borrusia Monchengladbach and Bayern Munich.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures. The table is compiled by Football Association delegates who attend each match and give ratings out of seven. Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom. Sunderland, Arsenal and Stoke City rank poorly in the assessment.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in their Champions League quarter-final. Franz Beckenbauer was speaking in New York as part of the club's new media agreement with MSN. The German legend accused Dante of playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal. The former Newcastle forward has not featured for the Seasiders since the end of November after making 14 appearances for the club. Ranger has been AWOL since returning to London after being left out of the squad to face Birmingham in early December.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League. Click here to read Sportsmail's player ratings from Stamford Bridge.
Newcastle host Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday. The Magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row. Daryl Janmaat came off the bench in Holland's World Cup semi-final penalty shootout loss to Argentina in Brazil. The 25-year-old defender has compared Newcastle's upcoming match against Swansea to playing in the World Cup.
FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants to see the World Cup rotated between confederations. Prince Ali is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo. He has also warned against expanding the tournament from its current 32 countries. The FIFA presidential election is on May 29.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours. He found that during the day the trees, which grow in tropical and Mediterranean climates, flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees. The flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen - but now they use their'male anthers' to spread their pollen.
Photo protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday ahead of Manchester United game. Protest aimed at improving the rights and welfare of construction workers building the stadiums for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. There have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of workers in Qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the World Cup.
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane are up for PFA Player of the Year. Hazard is hot favourite thanks to his brilliant form for Chelsea. Kane is the homespun hero after a breakthrough season at Tottenham. Alexis Sanchez, Philippe Coutinho and David de Gea are also up for the award.
Amal Clooney married George Clooney in Venice, Italy, last September. The London-based lawyer's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength. Several of the outfits she has been photographed in cost at least £1,000. The 37-year-old spent a whopping £66,900 alone on the clothes she is pictured wearing.
Ricardo Quaresma gave Porto the lead from the penalty spot in the third minute. Thiago doubled Porto's lead in the 28th minute after Xabi Alonso's foul on Jackson Martinez. Martinez pulled one back for Bayern in the 64th minute but could have been sent off. The teams will meet again in the second leg next Tuesday.
Frank Knight, 67, posted an apology on his Facebook account last week. He is being sued by Blackpool and the Oyston family over allegations he made on his social network account last year. Fellow Seasiders supporter Joe Atherton set up an account on the website gofundme.com where fans could pledge donations. Over 1,000 supporters did just that, ensuring the target was met in only three days.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year. Goalkeepers Thibaut Courtois and David de Gea complete the shortlist. Liverpool midfielders Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the list. The winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in central London on April 26.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored the goals for the Gunners. Gareth McCleary equalised for Reading with a deflected volley. Wojciech Szczesny could only palm the ball back over the line in extra time.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (12.45pm) Southampton face Hull City at St Mary's (3pm) Sunderland face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park. Tottenham Hotspur face Aston Villa at White Hart Lane. QPR face Chelsea at Loftus Road (1.30pm) Manchester United host Manchester City (4pm) Liverpool face Newcastle United at Anfield (8pm)
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday 3pm) Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Tottenham Hotspur. Jan Vertonghen is a doubt for Aston Villa with a virus. Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out for Villa.
Steve Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green that he has rued to this day. Dennis Taylor pounced upon the error to overturn the difference and lead 9-7 overnight. The 1985 final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events.
Mauricio Pochettino insists Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane. Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy 11 months ago. Spurs occupy sixth place in the Barclays Premier League, seven points off the Champions League qualification places. Villa travel to London on the back of a thrilling 3-3 draw against fellow strugglers QPR on Tuesday.
Gary Ballance scored 122 in England's second innings at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium in Antigua. West Indies were bowled out for 438 in their first innings, a world record for a successful Test chase. Chris Jordan took his second wicket of the day to dismiss Darren Bravo. Jos Buttler also impressed for England with an unbeaten 59 off 56 balls.
The video, titled 'We Will Burn America', includes footage of the 9/11 terror attacks and several recent ISIS-inspired atrocities. The 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants' bloodiest atrocities. It features the beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley as well as several mass beheadings and the horrific burning of Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh.
Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade Tim Sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role. Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time with his new team on Saturday. The pair still keep in touch, according to Sherwood, who joked: Just to see who hes going to sell me!
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Atkinson, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. Court officials say the jury was deliberating when Goodwin shot himself late Friday morning near his car in a parking lot outside Rockingham County Superior Courthouse. He was not in custody at the time and his health status has not been disclosed, though he was airlifted to hospita.
University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia. Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center. If the research is approved, the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases. But residents of Lithia are still reluctant to support the project, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community.
Traveller Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on his blog. The shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles. This particular island is one of the world's best known community-managed marine protected areas.
Little Mengyu's hands are severely deformed and doctors have recommended corrective surgery. Her feet are webbed, and local reporters have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as 'trotters' Her father left the family home in Lao Jun Tang Village in Shandong Province at the start of the year - telling them he was heading to Binzhou City to find work. He has not been heard from since. Worried mother Jiang Min says she has now run out of cash and cant even afford food, let alone medical treatment.
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in Loraine, western Texas. He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor on Wednesday evening. Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, met in Riga, Latvia, in 2011. They quit their restaurant jobs in Manchester to cycle around the world. In 356 days so far theyve covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km) and been through 16 countries. In that time they have been astonishingly living on less than three euros each a day, or by their calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre.
Lewis Hamilton remains the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88m. Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place. The list was released just hours after Hamilton was pictured on the Rome set for the filming of comedy sequel Zoolander 2 on Friday.
Singer Melissa Plancarte was filmed doing her midnight flit in the Mexico's Michoacan state courthouse for her pop video 'Since You Left' The clip shows glamorous pop star, one of Mexico's most beautiful women, dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse. Melissa's father, Enrique plancarte, was in charge of a drugs cartel known for hanging its victims by the neck from motorway bridges.
Marlon Samuels and Kraigg Brathwaite saw West Indies into credit. England go into the last day needing eight wickets to have any chance of the victory they so badly need in this series. Earlier, Jimmy Anderson had left Joe Root stranded with one of the doziest pieces of cricket imaginable as England threw away their chance of reaching 500. The eccentric Jamaican had put one over on Stokes with his salute on the third evening.
Daniel Sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record. Brendan Rodgers is keen on signing a striker who can 'play every week' Sturridge has played just 12 league games this season due to injuries. Liverpool are on course to be 60 goals down on last year's total.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer. The former United midfielder had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time English champions following the dismissal of David Moyes.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated to her role as a sports reporter for ESPN's SportsCenter. She was suspended for a week after a video emerged of her vicious tirade at a towing yard in Arlington, Virginia, on April 6. She had left her car in the parking lot of Hunan Number One, a popular bar and restaurant, overnight. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of the footage being released.
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest. His diet consisted of twice-daily takeaways topped up with six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola a day. Embarrassed by his size and afraid of cruel comments, Mr Rush never left the house - and never had a girlfriend. All that changed when his mother began suffering from heart problems. Determined to beat the bulge, he joined Slimming World and gave his diet a makeover, eating healthy porridge for breakfast and snacking on fruit.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, said last year that God had cured his homosexuality and that he had been 'delivered' But he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him. He claims the woman called him a gay slur, said that it was impossible for God to 'turn' gay people straight, and then picked up the extra large bowl from the scale at the counter and aggressively threw it in Caldwell's face. However the employee, Stephanie Diaz, says Caldwell is a liar. Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell, but
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty. Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection and he is set to feature at Stoke. Jill Saward was the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right to anonymity and she has urged fans to boycott the Stadium of Light.
The video, which has been viewed 600,000 times, features new parents sharing their tips. It blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment. Viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having watched the final piece of advice, to enjoy the burst of love that follows the birth.
Manchester United are closing in on a £20.5million deal for Ilkay Gundogan. Louis van Gaal believes the Borussia Dortmund midfielder is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick. United will seek to sign Carrick's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night. The Ukrainian superstar will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick Philadelphian. The 39-year-old won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero in his home country.
Manchester United have offered David de Gea £200,000-a-week to stay at the club. There has been speculation that the 24-year-old will move back to Spain to join Real Madrid this summer. If De Gea moves to Real Madrid, it is likely he will be a replacement for Iker Casillas.
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey. The 20-time champion jockey has been booked for Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15. His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle which has drawn a 20-runner line-up.
Isco joined Real Madrid from another La Liga side Malaga in the summer of 2013. The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City, and chose the Spanish giants. Manchester City wanted Isco when he left Malaga two years ago but he chose Real Madrid over Manuel Pellegrini. Isco still harbours some regrets over that decision.
Red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed straight into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds. It hit the property with such force that the car, which has its front end completely destroyed, became stuck in the wall. Police said the occupants of the house had a lucky escape and only suffered minor injuries. Officers are now investigating the incident and say the driver of the Mazda has been reported.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille for £32million in May 2012. Arsene Wenger said he could not afford to sign the Belgium star. Wenger insists Hazard is getting better every year. Hazard is the frontrunner to be named player of the season. Wenger believes it will be a shootout between Hazard and Alexis Sanchez.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him. Mourinho burst into laughter, covered his mouth in shock, swearing and saying 'it deserves a proper answer' Mourinho praised the 'top question' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer. Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
West Ham beat Manchester City Under 21s 2-1 at Upton Park. Dan Potts and Adam Drury's own goal gave the Hammers the lead. Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough. Patrick Vieira's side face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Jesse O'Brien has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis. His mother Heidi, 37, took the video to encourage him to take his pills. She said her idea to provide encouragement with likes on Facebook from family and friends exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour. The video finally hit the one million mark exactly a week after Heidi posted it, first thing on Wednesday morning.
Study of 1,302 German couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day. But that almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired. Women who did not work did an average of 6.8 hours before their husband's retired. Chores included doing laundry and the washing up, as well as running errands.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. The Bayern Munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb Lionel Messi next month. Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while manager at the Nou Camp. He said: 'If we make the same mistakes then the tie will be all over in Barcelona'
Rugby School is known as the spiritual home of the game, with the World Cup trophy named the Webb Ellis Cup in honour of the schoolboy who made the daring decision to disregard the rules in 1823. Today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport, alongside its own rich history of'muscular Christianity' led by its most famous headmaster.
Bayern Munich will play Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. Real Madrid will play Juventus in the other semi-final. The first legs will take place on May 5/6 with the returns the following week.
Emmanuel Adebayor is on a £5.2million-per-season contract at Tottenham. The Togolese striker is on the peripheries of Mauricio Pochettino's plans. Tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have had plenty of touchline battles during their managerial careers. Wenger and Mourinho have been in the Premier League for more than a decade. The Arsenal boss is committed to the romance of attractive football. On the other Mourinho, doing what it takes to win even if it proves ugly.
Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for Arsenal this season. The 23-year-old was drafted back into the squad from a loan spell at Charlton. He has been instrumental during a run of 21 victories from the last 25 matches. Arsenal will be out to beat Chelsea for the first time since October 2011.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 at the Crucible on Friday. The win means McGill will face Shaun Murphy or Joe Perry in the quarter-finals. Selby became the 16th man to falter in the World Championship. No maiden winner of the tournament has returned to retain the trophy.
Joe Root scored 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies finished day four 37 runs ahead on 202 for two at stumps. Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs and too tough to take wickets. England are five overs away from a new ball - which has been the only bankable way of making things happen.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I recall when a hard man could take no more. Sugar Ray Leonard v Roberto Duran raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing in the classic middling weights of boxing.
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro, while Fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders Sevilla over two legs. Ties to be played on May 7 and 14.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton. Fly half George Ford was in sparking form for the West Country outfit. Burgess, playing only his second game at blindside flanker, claimed the man-of-the-match award. Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni were among the try-scorers.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao weigh-in tickets went on sale on Friday at 3pm. Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs. Friday's sale came after tickets for the May mega-bout sold out within a minute on Thursday night. One lucky English boxing fan managed to snare a ticket for the big fight at a cost of $7,924 (£5,265) and tweeted his booking confirmation.
Joe Root scored 182 runs on day four of the second Test in Grenada. The England batsman was denied the chance of scoring a double century. Root was left stranded at the middle of the wicket due to an error by James Anderson. The Yorkshire County cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves after Anderson's careless run out.
Joe Root becomes the second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs, after Alastair Cook. Stuart Broad continues to search for a run in this Test series and even a desperate appeal on Friday couldnt help his cause. Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace will fly straight from Barbados to Dublin after the third Test to make the ODI against Ireland.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool in a £10million deal from Lille this summer. The Belgium striker was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season. Origi said the progress of Liverpool's youth players has heightened his excitement at joining the club. He added that the long-term progress of Raheem Sterling means he is joining the right club.
Paula Radcliffe will run her final competitive marathon on Sunday. Radcliffe set the world record in 2003 when she won the London Marathon in a time of 2:15:25. The 35th London Marathon will double up as the IPC World Championships. Edna Kiplagat will attempt to retain her title in the women's elite race.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, tried to rob Shildon Post Office and Stores. He waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant Andrea Brighty. But he did not see owner Sab Dhillon's rugby tackle which dropped him to the floor. As the men wrestled, Sab's wife Sam helped by hitting McKerry with a baseball bat. She struck him twice, helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around to reveal his face to the cameras. Minutes later the police arrived and arrested McKerry.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay's reduced ban is 'the stupidest thing I've ever heard' Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. The American sprinter is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport. Bolt said he felt 'let down' by the American and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign. Brendan Rodgers is also under pressure as he faces a third trophyless season. Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win. Rotherham's desire to stave off relegation to League One has been made more difficult by a points deduction. Derby can make sure of a play-off place with a win over Millwall. Burton Albion will be champions in League Two if they beat Cheltenham.
Bayern Munich face former club Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Carlo Ancelotti's Real Madrid take on Juventus in the other semi-final. Sportsmail's reporters look at each side's reasons for optimism, and caution, ahead of the last four tie.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI on The Fantasy Football Club on Sky Sports. The West Ham United midfielder has also played for Arsenal and Cameroon. Song believes Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League. He also believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol.
Mauricio Pochettino returns to Southampton for the first time since leaving. Steven Davis believes the Saints have an advantage over Spurs. Tottenham are the only current Premier League side Southampton have failed to beat since their Premier League return in 2012. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news.
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates since leaving Arsenal in 2011. The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north London this weekend. It has been suggested they have not spoken since the summer move that got so many backs up. Arsene Wenger used to be so close to the Spaniard that he continued to text him on birthdays and career milestones.
Michael Owen has claimed Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five. The Magpies are seven points off the Premier League relegation zone. John Carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management, including Owen, who was relegated with Newcastle in 2009. Newcastle fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday afternoon.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Jose Mourinho had prepared his players to deal with Marouane Fellaini. But the Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing by the doorman at the club's hotel.
Rotherham were deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. The Millers fielded Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win against Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired. The Football League maintain the paperwork for his extension wasnt handled properly. Rotherham have until May 1 to appeal the decision.
Andrew Cole took to Twitter to reveal he went out for dinner with former Manchester United team-mates Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Ryan Giggs and Nicky Butt on Saturday night. Former United striker Cole said he was in 'great company' with 'great team-mate' Giggs appeared to be in buoyant mood as he posed for a picture shortly after witnessing his side fall to a frustrating loss at the hands of the Premier League leaders.
Patrick Bamford has been named the Championship Player of the Year. The Middlesbrough striker is on loan at the Riverside Stadium from Chelsea. MK Dons teenager Dele Alli was named the Young Player of The Year. Preston's Joe Garner earned the League One award. Danny Mayor of Bury topped the list in League Two.
Michael Cheika's side will face England and Wales at the World Cup. England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham. Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies at the tournament.
Wayne Rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover. The England captain looked glum as he drove to training at Carrington. Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half.
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season. The 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of Europe's big boys. Tottenham, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are also interested. PSV technical director Marcel Brands has confirmed interest from 'big clubs'
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium. Villa players were able to read messages of support from fans. Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank supporters for their messages. Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match.
Paris Saint-Germain face Nice in Ligue 1 on Saturday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta are all out. Captain Thiago Silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. Silva was substituted in the defeat by Barcelona in midweek. PSG coach Laurent Blanc said that Silva's injury is not as bad as first feared.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in the most anticipated fight in years. The 38-year-old posted a video via his Instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection. Mayweather is expected to get £120million for the fight in Las Vegas.
Juventus held to a 0-0 draw by Monaco in their Champions League semi-final second leg in Monte Carlo. Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg in Turin. The Old Lady of Turin will face Bayern Munich, Barcelona or Real Madrid in the final in Berlin on June 6.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's Medicash powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre last week. The Toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third In the WFA National League in the Championship Division. Howard was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team.
Rudy Gestede opened the scoring for Blackburn in the 78th minute. Jordan Rhodes made sure of victory in the third minute of added time. Neil Harris' side are now four points adrift of the play-off places. Rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million in his career. The boxer has a vast collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. Mayweather is not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media. Sportsmail looks at some of the boxer's most expensive purchases.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. A batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to boxing fans for the mega-fight in May. Just minutes after 8pm UK time, tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $128,705 (£85,508) on StubHub.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu. Arda Turan was sent off in the 76th minute for what looked like a harsh second yellow card for a challenge on Sergio Ramos. Cristiano Ronaldo made a jinking, purposeful run into the penalty area before executing the all-important pass for Hernandez to score.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern Munich's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday. Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner has lost his place to Xabi Alonso in Pep Guardiola's side. Hamann also has doubts over whether injured winger Franck Ribery would fit seamlessly back into the side when fit.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the PSV Eindhoven winger. Depay, 21, jetted to England with representatives including his agent Kees Ploegsma for a summit with a United delegation led by Louis van Gaal. United are leading the hunt for the pacy Holland international but face opposition from Paris Saint- Germain while Liverpool have also expressed an interest. PSV coach Phillip Cocu was unaware of the meeting when asked on Friday.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania this weekend. The Canadian star refused to shake hands with opponent Alexandra Dulgheru at a pre-match press conference. The 21-year-old has suffered a remarkable dip in form in recent tournaments, with several early defeats.
Ashley Young is known for being the resident DJ at Manchester United. But he has revealed he is under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house music in the Old Trafford changing room. Young met Olly Murs after training to star as a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus.
The Football League revealed the top ten players in each division based on votes by managers. Championship player of the year Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney for the honour. Dele Alli, the Football League's Young Player of the Year, finished second behind Joe Garner in League One. Four from League One's standout club, Bristol City, made the shortlist for the division's best player.
Lionel Messi, Neymar Jnr and Luis Suarez are seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season. The three amigos will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Etoo and Messi in 2009 if they reach 100 goals. The Henry/Eto'o/Messi forward line won the 2009 European Cup and was followed two years later by the Messi/David Villa/Pedro strike force that also won a European Cup against Manchester United.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern Munich team. In the other semi-final, Real Madrid will face Juventus. The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13. The final will be Played on June 6 at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin.
Real Madrid will not take up their £7.5million purchase option on Javier Hernandez. Manchester United and Real Madrid agreed a potential deal last season worth around £15m to include the Mexican's season loan. Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are all interested in the 26-year-old.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. The perceived wisdom was that Ali-Frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s. Let us hope they are so spectacularly wrong again. In this, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Where Money Man v PacMan comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the MGM Grand Garden Arena. In this, the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of the 20th century. The Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political, social and cultural undertones, the scale of expectation and outside influences. In this, the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the most anticipated events of the 20th century which divided a nation.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here are my 12 most significant fights in boxings history. Jack Johnson v James J Jeffries. July 4, 1910 in Reno, Nevada. Jim Jeffries came out of a six-year retirement to take on Jack Johnson.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here is the second of my 12 most significant fights in boxings history. Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling. The fight was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria.
Arsenal will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the FA Cup final. Tim Sherwood's Villa side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month. They picked their claret and blue home kit for the Wembley showpiece. But that won't phase Arsene Wenger's side at all, with a creditable record of three cup final wins in five appearances in the yellow strip.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday in the Premier League. Jose Mourinho has never lost to Arsene Wenger in 12 meetings. Diego Costa is a doubt for the game due to a hamstring injury. Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Chelsea.
Hull City currently lie in 17th place in the Premier League. Tigers boss Steve Bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they don't beat the drop. Hull face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Click here for more Hull City news.
Manchester United travel to Everton in the Premier League on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini will make his first return to Goodison Park since £27million move. Louis van Gaal has spoken to the midfielder about keeping his cool. Robin van Persie is not expected to return to the starting XI after his run-out for United's Under 21 side.
Marseille will listen to offers for highly-rated midfielder Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old winger has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Tottenham want to offload their fringe players first but are looking for attacking options. Mauricio Pochettino has dismissed the prospect of goalkeeper Hugo Lloris seeking a move.
QPR host West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday in the Premier League. Chris Ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the top flight. Newcastle, Aston Villa, Leicester, Sunderland and Hull are also in the relegation zone. Burnley manager Sean Dyche says his side feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the William Hill Scottish Cup final after his one-game ban was thrown out by a judicial panel tribunal. The SFA published the reasons given by the chair of the three-man panel. The decision could effectively blunt the SFA's powers to bring retrospective cases against players, unless an incident has been completely missed by all match officials.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at the two men's achievements, in and out of the ring, ahead of their $300m mega-fight on May 2.
Hartlepool fans are planning to dress up as Bob Marley for the final game of this season at Carlisle. Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse admission to any fans who might decide to 'black up' for the occasion. Marley was a multi-million-selling artist, famed for his music and as a Rastafarian for his dreadlocked look.
Raheem Sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism of his ongoing contract stand-off with Liverpool. The England international has been abused, even by his own fans, over his decision to put deal talks on hold after rejecting an offer worth £90,000-per-week. Sterling is wanted by all the Premier League's top clubs, as well as Real Madrid and Juventus. Manchester City, Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United all have a genuine interest.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920. Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around. The battle for the Conference title is wrapped up between Rovers and Barnet. If Bristol Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005.
Manchester City are interested in signing Valenciennes defender Dayot Upamecano. The 16-year-old almost joined Manchester United in the January transfer window. Monaco, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain had also expressed interest. Manuel Pellegrini's side face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season. The Spaniard has reached his seventh European semi-final in 12 seasons. He has won the UEFA Cup with Valencia, the Champions League with Liverpool and the Europa League with Chelsea. The former Chelsea boss has been linked with a return to England.
Chelsea are set to follow Tottenhams lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June. Jose Mourinho's side could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 - days after Spurs fixture against the same side. Chelsea are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions and the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday night. Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the Rhinos. The Rhinos were already trailing 20-4 when the former England skipper entered the action five minutes into the second half. Warrington had produced their best display in an 18-6 win over Leeds in March and were again outstanding.
Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field. Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija. Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. He scored the winner in the Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Hernandez will return to Old Trafford at the end of the season. He is not in Louis van Gaals plans and will be up for sale at around £7million.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night. Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion. Fury hopes to lure the Ukrainian to England in the autumn. Click here for all the latest from the boxing world.
All Premier League and Football League fixtures will observe a minute's silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze. The inferno ripped through Valley Parade on May 11, 1985 during the first half of a game against Lincoln City, before which Bradford had received the Third Division title. The Football League will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan secured their first away win of the season. Burgess, who is joining Sydney Roosters at the end of the year, scored three of the Warriors' seven tries in a 40-22 victory. It was a ninth successive defeat for the Wildcats, who remain rooted to the foot of the table.
Quade Cooper will join Toulon on a two-year deal this summer. The Queensland Reds fly-half has won 53 caps for the Wallabies. He will link up with former Wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau. The French club are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of European titles.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley when second-round play was suspended Friday because of the threat of severe weather. The American had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana. Weekley, the first-round leader after a 64, also was 11 under with three holes left. Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven side on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former Chelsea winger won the Barclays Premier League in 2010 and the 2012 Champions League with the Blues. He chose players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team. CLICK HERE for all the latest Fantasy Football news.
Juventus reached the Champions League semi-finals after a goalless draw with Monaco on Wednesday night. The Italian champions lost to AC Milan in the 2003 final at Old Trafford. Juventus have endured a tough few years but they are now back were they belong among the elite of Europe. The side celebrating on the Stade Louis II pitch included household names such as Buffon, Carlos Tevez and Arturo Vidal.
'I am actively looking for you,' the poster reads. 'If you're single, let's grab a drink together' The 'Love Call' notices are posted on George Street at Australia Square in Sydney's CBD. Most people gave up on their umbrellas in winds of more than 100 km/hr.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East around 3pm. She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City. The Ivorian has struggled to impose himself at the Etihad this season. Toure's time at City is defined as a success, bringing two Premier League titles to the club. The midfielder has always placed pragmatism above sentiment in his career.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity. Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were extremely worrying
The Venus X has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe. It also has a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. The mouse provides enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming, according to the Taiwan-based firm that makes it.
Researchers found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women. This may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive. However, the researchers say that there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women actually showing greater competitive drive than most male athletes. Study could have implications for other areas outside sport, such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages.
After the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, several new owners complained that the slim aluminium phones bent out of shape after being placed in tight pockets. Apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone. It could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles. The material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone6, Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal. The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against the Gunners. He scored twice in the 2005 Community Shield and one in the Premier League. He also scored a double in the 2009 FA Cup semi-final victory at The Emirates. The Chelsea striker is expected to start against Arsenal on Sunday.
Several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of West Pittston in Luzerne County. Residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead. Paula Viccica said she saw pieces of white paper fluttering down from the sky for several minutes. FAA said that its physically impossible for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight, as it is opened with an exterior lever.
Miranda Devine tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' Pocock responded to Devine that she'd misinterpreted his hand movements. 'It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. I have a friend who's first language is Auslan so it was for her&' Pocock tweeted in return.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. But the video is still incredibly impressive, as he holds his breath for minutes on end. Freediving is a form of underwater diving where no scuba gear or breathing apparatus is used. Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes.
Short film has been developed on an Oculus Rift - a virtual reality headset - by Italy's University of Udine's HCI Lab. It is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water. The video is based on an actual event when, on January 15, 2009, U.S. Airways Flight 1549 was forced to land in the Hudson.
Gabriel Ng spent three months filming scenes on the island of Ko Samui. He used a camera attached to a remote control drone to capture the scenes. The six-minute video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops and waterfalls. It also includes scenes from a street party and fireworks exploding just feet from the drone.
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg predicts virtual reality will be the future of travel. The social media giant purchased virtual reality headset maker, Oculus, last year. Facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed, meaning users will be able to explore a location of their choosing.
An analogue promotional watch from Apple with a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands, is listed on the internet auction site with a buy it now price of $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) However, it is still cheaper than the Apple Watch Edition, which costs upwards of £8,000 ($10,000) The seller, called theappleipodbay calls the watch, which was made by Quartz and released to promote Apples Mac Operating system, a 'rare collector item It is still in its original box and the
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada. He films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. Skiing off to the right, the man makes a controlled turn and begins heading back across the mountain  thick snow can be seen burying his skis. Suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera, a minor avalanche occurs behind him.
Sweden's passport was among the most frequently sold travel documents on the black market. There is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder. The UK passport is the fourth most powerful in the world, with a fee of £73. It takes a worker earning minimum wage 11 hours to pay off the UAE's £9 passport.
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Officials in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke. This is seen as another example of FA arrogance following the English telling FIFA that they want to send Great Britain football teams to the Rio Olympics without informing the other countries.
Match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the British dating scene. The lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio de Janeiro, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. In each city they will sample the local dating scene and unearth the pearls of wisdom that could help turn Britons into better daters.
Video shows the rocket drifting onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from'stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag' This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough. The maneuver was attempted following the launch of the Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral in Florida.
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday. The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping Johnson despite his charges. Johnson is due to appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 3-1 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Sergio Ramos was deployed in midfield to cover the absence of Luka Modric. The centre-back once again proved his worth to Carlo Ancelotti's side. Ramos is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song 'We all dream of a team of Carraghers' would be appropriate.
Iker Casillas has been at Real Madrid since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old. The Spanish keeper has been linked with a move to Manchester United. But Casillas says he will stay and fight for the No 1 jersey at the Bernabeu. Los Blancos reached the Champions League semi-finals on Wednesday.
A survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest CV blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes. Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information (wrong contact names and companies), and also if key information such as contact details are missing. Unsurprisingly, brevity is valued, with a massive 46% of the polled senior executives finding long waffling CVs irritating.
Fiona, 51, said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home. She said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage. As she was trying to push the unidentified assailant out the door Fiona fell and bashed her face on the doorway.
Eden Hazard was being filmed as part of a feature for Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. The Chelsea star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control. Hazard will be a key man for Jose Mourinho's side as they travel to the Emirates Stadium on Sunday looking for a win.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that affects her body's ability to circulate oxygen. But the condition doesn't stop Audrey from dancing, which she does incredibly well to Bruno Mars chart-topping hit Uptown Funk in a widely-watched video that her family posted on Facebook.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his lead in the championship. The Briton was interviewed by three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart after the race. Hamilton could do considerably worse than learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie. Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One.
Katie Hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused their marriage to end. She slammed reports she cheated on the slugger as 'entirely false' Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse, it has emerged. The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. The couple has four daughters, including a 14-year-old from Katie's former relationship and three more daughters with Hamilton.
The RSPCA says the Husky has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange, which has sparked secondary skin infections. He was wearing a collar when he was picked up on Monday in the Banksia Park area, in Adelaide's north-eastern suburbs.
Mick Schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday. The 16-year-old, son of seven-time F1 world champion Michael, drove his Van Amersfoort car at the Oschersleben circuit in Germany. The young protege began karting seven years ago, and this year reached the German Formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers.
Texas was hit with more than two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in just 15 minutes. Hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides during an acrobatics show in Angleton on Friday night. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. Cars were left floating in Harris County in half a foot of rain water.
Nico Rosberg finished third behind Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best. Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the battle for this season's title. Hamilton won his third race in a row to extend his lead at the top of the standings.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag at a Brisbane landmark on Friday afternoon. The man, from Palm Beach in Brisbane's south, was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. He will face Brisbane Magistrates Court on the morning of Saturday's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2. The two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight. Mayweather eats steamed white rice and chicken or beef broth at almost every meal. He doesn't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses BBQ sauce.
The young fox cub had been stuck for around 40 minutes and was in desperate need of being set free. The rescue mission was captured on camera and features Mr Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey, travelling to the cubs location in his car. He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position. Remaining calm, he manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free.
Schoolboy Frankie Franz watched the Spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at Barcelonas Ciutat Esportiva training ground. The viral clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club. Frankie, who is an academy player with Dagenham and Redbridge Football Club, took to the garden to have a go. He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest egg. The egg, which measures 1.8cm in length, is smaller than a five pence piece. She keeps seven hens at her family home in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire. Shannon is storing her potential world record-breaker in the fridge.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. The Mercedes driver took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session. Jenson Button is training for the London Marathon with his wife. The 35-year-old thanked Asics for the 'goodies' they had sent him.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid at Lord Howe Island, just off the Australian coast. The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs, ridges and mountains at high speed. 'It may be the single most beautiful place I have ever been. It really did feel like an alien landscape from another planet,' he said.
James Wilson says he would take Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. The Manchester United striker also praised Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts. The 19-year-old has made 16 appearances for Louis van Gaal's side this season, netting twice.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. The Briton already holds a 27-point cushion in the drivers' standings. 'I don't know what the feeling of being unbeatable is,' he said. 'There are always areas. I'll look and think 'Could I have braked later'
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Nasser Hussain believes the sacking of Alastair Cook as one-day captain was a slow and protracted affair. English cricket has shown distrust for anyone who does not conform or fit into a safe stereotype.
Adam Johnson has been charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The England international will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. Johnson was suspended by the club after his arrest on March 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later. The suspension could now be reimposed.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini. His wife Sofia says that he told her that he didn't bite the defender. But the television replays suggested otherwise and he then owned up. The Uruguayan has been in superb form for Barcelona since joining in the summer.
talkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated Villa's 3-3 draw with QPR. Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan. Lancashires supporters action group are questioning the value of having Sky Sports commentator Paul Allott on the club board. Michael Gordon, American representative on daily Liverpool business, faces scrutiny.
The worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos. A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead. Four houses in the town were washed away while a horse was rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat. Bondis famous beach was forced to close after high winds blew large amounts of sand onto nearby roads.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at New York's Madison Square Garden. Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' 19 defences. Until Deontay Wilder's victory over Bermane Stiverne on January 17, no American held a piece of the heavyweight title since 2006.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The Sunderland winger answered bail at Peterlee police station in County Durham on Thursday. He will now appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. CPS Chief Crown Prosecutor Gerry Wareham said he believed there was a realistic prospect of conviction.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award. The Chelsea playmaker is closing in on a first Premier League title. But Paul Scholes believes Hazard needs to be more ruthless. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are recognised as the world's two best players. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Mr Mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up. Paul Nicholls-trained Mr Mole is bracketed with Irish raider Special Tiara and Nicky Hendersons Sprinter Sacre. It was after riding Mr Mole to victory at Newbury that McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding.
Sunderland will not suspend Adam Johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The club's hierarchy have decided that the 27- year-old should be allowed to continue playing for the Black Cats until the outcome of his case has been decided. Johnson has been bailed to appear before Peterlee Magistrates on May 20. If found guilty, Johnson could face a lengthy prison term.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. The Ukrainian will match Joe Louis in boxing's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight. The 39-year-old has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the crown for the second time in 2006. Jennings believes that age is on his side as he prepares to take on the experienced Ukrainian.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament. The West Indies batsman posted an Instagram picture behind the DJ decks on Tuesday. Gayle will be hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore win their first-ever IPL crown. The Challengers travel to the Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on friend Mario Lopezs Extra programme. The Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2. Just that morning Pac-Man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his Los Angeles base, wearing trainers, shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session as the sun came up.
AP McCoy has been champion jockey every year he's been a professional. He has won every major race to his name including 2 Cheltenham Gold Cups, three Champion Hurdles and the Grand National. McCoy has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his quest to be the best. He spends between two and two-and-a-half hours in a sauna six days a week to ensure he is the correct weight.
Zoumana Camara is a fringe player at Paris Saint-Germain. David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi played a prank on the 36-year-old. The duo dunked Camara's face into his birthday cake on Friday. PSG face Marseille in Ligue 1 on Sunday.
Wayne Rooney has been interviews by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme. The England captain enjoyed a kick-around with Neil Overend and Hayden Reid for the entertainment show to be aired on ITV at 7pm on Saturday. Rooney admitted in the interview with the telly pranksters that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name.
Diego Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game. He guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986. The 54-year-old has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012. He has undergone gastric bypass surgery but now keeps his weight in check with boxing training.
Ronda Rousey appeared at the premiere of Fast & Furious 7 in Los Angeles. The UFC bantamweight champion wore a sleek black dress by London designers House Of CB and a pair of Tania Spinelli heels. The look impressed Rousey's mother Dr AnnMaria, a former world judo champion who used to wake her daughter up with arm bar holds.
Branislav Ivanovic is yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea. The 31-year-old Serbia captain's current deal runs out in 2016. Paris Saint-Germain are set to make a £7million bid for Petr Cech.
Stevan Jovetic has made just 39 appearances for Manchester City since his £22million move from Fiorentina in 2013. City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the Montenegro international. Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal.
Javier Hernandez scored the goal of his life against Atletico Madrid. But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the player. They agreed an option with Manchester United last summer that would £7.5million of  a final sum of around £15million paid at the end of the season. Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them while Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight. Lazio, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be kept informed.
Victor Wanyama has been linked with a move to Arsenal this summer. The 23-year-old moved from Celtic to Southampton for £12.5million in 2013. The Saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger. He has not ruled out a reunion with former Saints boss Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham.
Chelsea have been linked with a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. Manchester United, Arsenal, Paris Saint-Germain and Atletico Madrid have also shown an interest in the 21-year-old. Reports in Italy suggest that Juventus have offered £23million for the striker. Dybla admits he would love to play alongside Andrea Pirlo.
Radamel Falcao is on loan at Manchester United from Monaco. The Colombian is expected to leave Old Trafford in the summer. Juventus general manager Beppe Marotta has ruled out a move for the striker. Marotta said FalCao's wages are 'beyond their means' The Serie A champions are interested in Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani.
Alan Pardew has been linked with a move for Newcastle goalkeeper Tim Krul. The Crystal Palace manager insists he is happy with current No 1 Julian Speroni. The 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave Newcastle for the south London club in January.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain. De Bruyne's agent Patrick de Koster expects to go 'around the world' discussing his client as interest in the Wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window. City are keen to sign the ex-Chelsea midfielder as they look to reshape their squad but De Koster insists no decision has been made.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season. The Welshman is determined to win over some of the hardest to please supporters in football and become the best player in the world. Bale is out of Real's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid after injuring his calf against Malaga. Real Madrid would like to sign Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea to be long-term successor to Iker Casillas.
Kurt Zouma joined Chelsea from Ligue 1 outfit Saint-Etienne in January 2014. The 20-year-old has impressed at the heart of the Blues defence this season. The French defender has been learning his trade alongside Gary Cahill and John Terry. He is hoping to emulate the likes of former Blues captain Marcel Desailly.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season. The Chelsea stopper has lost his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsene Wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target. Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain, Roma and Inter Milan are all showing an interest.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City this summer. The Ivorian midfielder is wanted by Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini. Toure says he will not stay at City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages. The 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form this season.
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The Scotland international only joined Palace last summer in a deal worth £7million from Wigan Athletic. The 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances for the Eagles this season as they currently sit 11th in the table.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay. The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season. PSV won the Eredivisie title for the first time in seven years on Saturday. Depay worked under Louis van Gaal during Holland's 2014 World Cup campaign.
Manchester City are preparing bids for Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez as part of a summer Anglification of their squad. The club are well aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level with the departure of Frank Lampard and uncertainty over James Milner's future exacerbating the problem. City's list featured six homegrown players this term including Lampard, who will join sister club New York City FC in July. Premier League rules state that clubs must have eight homegrown players in squads of 25.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid but opted for a move to Italy instead. Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up. City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Carlos Tevez is yet to make a final decision on his future. The Juventus striker has been linked with a move back to Boca Juniors. Tevez has said he wants to end his career at his boyhood club. The 31-year-old has another year on his current deal at Juventus.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season. The defender activated a clause in his contract to leave Tynecastle. Celtic manager Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the defender. Wilson has not yet agreed with any club, although there is interest from England and abroad. The 23-year-old led Hearts to the Championship title this season.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old has been linked with a return to his first club Boca Juniors. Boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the striker. But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed that Tevez must terminate his contract with the Italians first.
Edinson Cavani insists he will stay at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires. Manchester United have been considering a bid for the Uruguayan forward. United are looking to freshen up their forward options with Radamel Falcao expected to return to Monaco, and Robin van Persie failing to hold down a starting place. Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling Cavani this summer.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League. The 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for PSV this season. The Dutch midfielder admits he is happy in Eindhoven but wants to play for a 'great club' in a major European league. Click here for more transfer news.
Juventus and Liverpool are interested in signing Chelsea midfielder Oscar. The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks and there are question marks over his future. Juventus want a playmaker for next season and Brazil boss Carlos Dunga advised them to buy Oscar. 'He reminds me of Roberto Baggio,' he said.
Carlos Tevez has shocked Juventus by suggesting he wants to leave the club this summer. Tevez is on course to win a second Serie A title with the Old Lady and still has a shot at European glory. The striker has always said he intends to finish his career back at his first club Boca Juniors in Argentina.
Chelsea have opened talks with Patrick Bamford over a new contract. The 21-year-old is currently on loan at Championship side Middlesbrough. Bamford has scored 17 goals for Boro in their push for promotion. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Sheffield Wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to Tom Lees and Keiren Westwood. Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over promotion-chasing Brentford. The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager. Along with Lees, goalkeeper Westwood is among the contenders for the club's Player of the Year award.
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday. The dazzling attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, has been in London for talks with the Blues this week. Nathan will join fellow Brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge.
Victor Moses is out for six weeks after injuring his hamstring against West Ham. The Nigeria international has returned to parent club Chelsea for treatment. Stoke are still interested in tying up a permanent move for the 24-year-old. The Potters have opened talks with Evian over the possible transfer of defender Daniel Wass.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. Swansea have made a contract offer to the Ghana international. The 25-year-old has also attracted interest from Newcastle and Everton. Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs is also a target for the Swans.
Arsenal are keen on signing Liverpool winger Raheem Sterling. But the Gunners may pull out of the running following recent events. Sterling's decision to hold his now infamous BBC interview without Liverpool's permission is said to have surprised those at north London. The 20-year-old has also been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide.
Swansea City have expressed an interest in Schalke defender Christian Fuchs. The 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the Premier League. Swansea have been looking at bringing in another left-back since the summer with West Bromwich Albion keen to sign Neil Taylor.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane has ruled out the move. Bale joined Real Madrid for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013. The 25-year-old has endured a difficult second season at the Bernabeu.
Manchester City have decided to listen to offers for Yaya Toure. The Premier League champions are also open to allowing Samir Nasri leave the Etihad Stadium. City manager Manuel Pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following Sundays 4-2 defeat by neighbours Manchester United.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost his bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London. Claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet which was a fierce supporter of Lutfur Rahman. Mr Abbas started court proceedings against London Banglas editor, Shah Yousuf, 35. After a four-year legal battle, he admitted there was 'no truth to the allegation'
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams. Clubs from across Europe are monitoring the Algeria international's situation at White Hart Lane. Bentaleb's new deal is likely to see his wages rocket to around £35,000-per-week.
A time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. At one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo. The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday  the most fall for almost 17 years.
Grace Joy Roseman managed to move over the edge of her adjustable cot. A'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex Coroner's Court heard. Coroner Penelope Schofield issued a report expressing concern over the Bednest Bedside cot, which was endorsed by the charity National Children's Trust. She said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths.
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn. The 26-year-old has set his sights on a move away from Ewood Park. Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest in the Benin international in the past.
Footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon that isnt seen in the video. The video maker, who speaks French, declared it bataille du chameleons, or battle of the chameelons.
Dapper Laughs, the controversial persona previously 'killed off' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly, has arrived Down Under. The British star documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a video posted online. He chatted up two female air stewardesses, saying: Ooh we've got some sweethearts there. Hi there, she knows.' Referring to a woman at the check in desk, he said: 'Thank God she let me through. Man, she almost didn't let me she said the bad boy in my pants was too big
A man was shot in New York City Wednesday night as he fled from the scene of an alleged crime. Members of the New York Police Department claim the man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead. No officers were hurt during the incident.
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton in the summer to take up the Tottenham job. The Argentine will return to his former stomping ground at St Mary's on Saturday. Southampton fans are planning to show support for Ronald Koeman by wearing orange instead of the usual red and white club colours.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila has called for referees to speak to the media after matches. The Hoops lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the final after his ban was dismissed. Deila said he still had a positive view of Scottish referees.
Alan Pardew will target a marquee signing this summer. The Crystal Palace boss wants to boost the club's profile. He is prepared to let star winger Yannick Bolasie leave for 'between 40 and 60 million pounds' The Eagles are fifth in the Premier League on 2015's fixtures alone.
Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation zone with a remarkable 5-3 win at Marseille. The home side's alarming slump continued at the Stade Velodrome. Marseille had not won at home since January 31, but Lorient knew nothing other than victory would take them out of the bottom three.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the Scottish Cup Final against Falkirk on May 30. A charge of deliberate handball to deny Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths in last Sundays semi-final was thrown out. The SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment in his case. Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer. The Dutchman has steered the Saints to new heights in his first season. Koeman's side only need a point to break their record Premier League points tally set last season under Mauricio Pochettino. The former Saints boss returns to St Mary's for the first time since leaving last summer.
Jack Grealish is torn between representing the Republic of Ireland or England. West Ham defender Carl Jenkinson made the same decision in 2012. The 23-year-old is now on loan at the Hammers from Arsenal until the end of the season. Jenkinson played for Finland, the nation of his mother, at Under 18 and Under 21 level.
West Ham became the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices for fans. The Hammers' cheapest adult season ticket for the 2016-17 campaign will cost £289  a considerable saving on the £620 equivalent this season. Manager Sam Allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club.
Le'Veon Bell will miss the first three games of the NFL season. Bell will also be fined a game cheque for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. Bell was stopped in his Chevrolet Camaro last August after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana. Bell plans to appeal the decision, says ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Tottenham are considering sharing their new £400m stadium with an NFL franchise. A spokesman for the north London club did not rule out the possibility this week. The NFL is said to be within five years of having a permanent franchise in London. Spurs' new 65,000 capacity stadium could be better suited to the NFL than the 90,000-seat Wembley.
Mauricio Pochettino took over at Southampton after Nigel Adkins was sacked. The Argentine increased intensity in training and in matches. Harry Kane has been in sensational form under the former Saints boss this season - scoring a sensational 31 goals in all competitions already this season. Spurs travel to St Mary's for the first time since he left the club.
New England Patriots to host Pittsburgh Steelers in opening game of season. New York Giants to play NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys in week one. Seattle Seahawks to play Green Bay Packers in rematch of NFC Championship Game from last season. Atlanta Falcons to host Philadelphia Eagles and San Francisco 49ers to play Minnesota Vikings in Monday Night Football double-header.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict. The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player. Lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on June 17, 2013, in a deserted industrial park near Hernandezs home.
Michael Bennett labelled Jimmy Graham'soft' and 'overrated' after Seattle's playoff win over the Saints two years ago. 'Just because he's on my team I don't stop feeling that way,' he said. Bennett will come face-to-face with Graham on April 20 when the Seahawks begin their official off-season training programme.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. Tillman said the chance to work with Ron Rivera was too good to turn down. The 34-year-old was a staple of Lovie Smith's stingy defense.
Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects' Domestic violence charges against Hardy, who signed with Dallas last month, were abruptly dropped in February after his accuser could not be found to testify. Hardy may appeal the NFL's decision within three days.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season. He played just six games as the Patriots won their sixth straight AFC East title and went on to win the Super Bowl. Ridley joins Chris Ivory and Bilal Powell at running back in a revamped Jets offense.
Sarah Thomas, who has worked exhibition games, will be a line judge for the 2015 season, the league announced on Wednesday. The 41-year-old was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year. She was the first female official on the FBS level and the first to officiate a bowl game, the 2009 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl in Detroit.
McCoy was shipped to the Bills in exchange for linebacker Kiko Alonso. He says Kelly's team has a college feel and that he doesn't like star talent. McCoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the Eagles. Buffalo travel to Philadelphia in what already promises to be something of a grudge match.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside.
Adrian Peterson is to meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement. The Minnesota Vikings running back played once last season. Peterson was placed on the Commissioner's Exempt list due to a child abuse case. The 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on April 15, but according to NFL media insider Ian Rapoport, Peterson will meet this week.
Sarah Thomas is set to become the NFL's first full-time female official. The 42-year-old has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. Thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999. In 2012, Shannon Eastin was hired during an officiating lockout. She was not hired permanently, however.
Efe Obada will fly out to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. The 22-year-old only started playing American football half way through last season and was mentored by Warriors defensive co-ordinator Aden Durde. The 6ft 5in, 225-pound Obada is seen as a defensive end or a tight end.
The Jacksonville Jaguars will bring the NFL Draft to London next month. A competition for UK-based fans is being run via nfluk.com for the chance to be part of a world first. The winner will announce the draft picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States. The Jaguars are committed to a home game each year in London until 2016.
Badou Jack outpointed Anthony Dirrell on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion to take the WBC super-middleweight title. Jack (19-1-1) received winning of 116-112 and 115-113, and the third had it even at 114-114. The 31-year-old Jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by Derek Edwards in 2014. Danny Jacobs, four years removed from a fight with cancer, stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams has had to pull out of the English National Championships. Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against her Great Britain rival Lisa Whiteside. Adams and other family members were at home at the time but were not aware of the break-in. Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The bout is billed as 'The Fight of the Century' and is worth at least $180million. Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will overcome his opponent. The Welshman retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. A mere 500 tickets were made available to the public for the clash. These sold out in minutes with resale prices ranging from £3,900 to £85,000 on Friday morning.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission in New Jersey. Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York. Jacare Souza beat Chris Camozzi in the co-main event. Souza also wants a middleweight title shot.
Lyoto Machida takes on Luke Rockhold in New Jersey on Saturday night. Machida is a previous light-heavyweight champion, a division in which the limit is 205lb. The 36-year-old hopes victory over Rockhold would lead to a title shot. 'I am very well prepared for this fight,' says Machida.
Luke Rockhold takes on Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday. Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights. Machida is confident he can upset Rockhold and earn himself a titleshot.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' McGregor is preparing for his world title fight against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo in July. Mayweather takes on long-time rival Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand venue on May 2. McGregor has won all five of his fights in the UFC to earn himself a shot at Aldo.
Ronda Rousey made her WWE debut at Wrestlemania 31 on March 29. She took down co-owner Stephanie McMahon and Triple H. Rousey told retired wrestling legend Roddy Piper's Piper Pit podcast that 'there's nothing like' WWE but she is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce UFC rival Bethe Correia. UFC women's bantamweight champion Rousey appeared with Fast and Furious 7 co-star The Rock.
Jeff Novitzky will spearhead the development of the UFC's new drug testing programme. The organisation announced earlier this year that they will implement a new year-round, out-of-competition testing protocol. Anderson Silva, Nick Diaz and Hector Lombard all tested positive for PEDs.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in London tonight. Londoner suffered first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson more than a year ago. ManUwa doesn't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the Octagon. The Londoner believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds.
Mirko 'Cro Crop' Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday. Filipovic lost to the Brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at UFC 70. Gonzaga insists he does not view the fight as a rematch, given the eight-year wait.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11. McGregor says Aldo doesn't want the title as much as he does. 'He can't hide the fact he doesn't wants the belt in his presence,' says McGregor. Click here for Sportsmail's full interview with McGregor.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women at Augusta National. Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14. The world No 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in the main event of UFC Fight Night: Mendes vs Lamas in Fairfax, Virginia on Saturday. The bout could determine the next challenger to featherweight champion Jose Aldo. Mendes believes he is stronger than 'The Bully' in every department and that, should he win convincingly, he believes the fans will want to see him get a third crack at the champion.
Justin Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans. Rose finished joint second with Phil Mickelson at the Masters earlier this month. Rose has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana. Steve Stricker and Rickie Fowler will also play in the tournament.
Conor McGregor is set to fight Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11. The Irishman has revealed a new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach. 'The Notorious' has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest. McGregor claims he has greater motivation to win the title than Aldo.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas with a first-round technical knockout. Mendes retains his No 1 spot in UFC's featherweight rankings. Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in the co-main even. Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers. The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013 and has become close with his children. Vonn was on the show to talk about her Lindsey Vonn Foundation, which she launched in February.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will make their final Open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship's 155-year history at St Andrews. Three-time winner Faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course. Five-time Open champion Watson received a special exemption from the R&A to play his final Open in 2015.
Bubba Watson showed off an incredible trick shot while practicing in China. The American flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it. The ball flew straight down the middle, much to the excitement of his friend behind the camera. Watson's form has been poor in recent weeks after a disappointing Masters and Shenzen International.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head and record a first PGA Tour victory since 2010. The former US Open champion, 44, carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat won the inaugural Shenzhen International on Sunday. The 25-year-old produced a brilliant finish to claim his second European Tour title and break Chinese hearts. Teenager Li Hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil. The players returned to the 18th for the play-off.
Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat takes lead at the Shenzhen International in China. The 25-year-old fired six birdies in the space of nine holes on Saturday to overtake American Peter Uihlein and Spain's Pablo Larrazabal. Double Masters champion Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her assets while away. Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the tender age of 17.
Masters champion Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina. However, he and his fellow competitors were no match for Troy Merritt, who fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down. US Open champion Martin Kaymer, former world number one Luke Donald and American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed have confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open. The tournament will compete for a prize fund of £1.8million, an increase of 25% from last year.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. The 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since winning the Masters. Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under. Sangmoon Bae is alone in third place, one shot back, ahead of five-way tie for fourth.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan. The duo were taking part in the first Circular Soccer Showdown of 2015. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown. The game is based around a three sided goal and aimed to improve skill and ball control.
Sara Errani defeated Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in Stuttgart. World No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of the tournament after the fifth seed lost to Caroline Garcia on Tuesday. ErranI will now take on Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas after the 21-year-old rising star dismissed world No 19 Sabine Lisicki 6-0 6-1.
Rafael Nadal lost 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) to Fabio Fognini in the Barcelona Open. The world No 4 was looking for his ninth title on the Catalan clay court. Nadal has just one title to his name since winning his 10th French Open in June last year.
Deposed Masters champion Bubba Watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off Huang Wen-yi's lead at the Shenzhen International. Watson finished 38th at Augusta National on Sunday as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion. The American's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place.
Jordan Spieth will play in the RBC Heritage Classic this week. The 21-year-old won the Masters at Augusta National last week. Spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events. He will play alongside Matt Kuchar, Patrick Reed, Billy Horschel and Jim Furyk.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the Barcelona Open third round. The world No 4 is looking for his ninth title on the Catalan clay court. Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini of Italy or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday for a place in Friday's quarter-finals.
British fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer. There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in Glasgow for last month's first round. The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen's members.
Marin Cilic lost to Victor Estrella of the Dominican Republic 6-4,6-4. Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with a shoulder injury. Santiago Giraldo beat Joao Sousa of Portugal 6-3, 3-6, 6-1. Giraldo will play Kei Nishikori in the third round.
Ana Ivanovic lost 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 to France's Caroline Garcia in Stuttgart. The 2014 runner-up had already lost to Garcia twice this year. Ekaterina Makarova and Carla Suarez Navarro also made it through to round two.
Maria Sharapova was beaten 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 by Angelique Kerber. The top-seeded Russian had won her previous 13 matches in Stuttgart. Madison Brengle of the United States upset third seed Petra Kvitova. Fourth-seed Caroline Wozniacki beat Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon by former British No 1 Tim Henman as part of a new deal between Jaguar and the All England Lawn Tennis Club. The Chelsea manager also described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura. 'The Wimbledon that I really felt was Andy Murrays victory because it was very special for him,' said Mourinho.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off. The US were beaten 3-2 as Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed in the doubles rubber. The doubles defeat means the US are relegated to World Group II.
Top seed Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on Tuesday. Fernando Verdasco crashed out of the competition against Andrey Rublev. Rafael Nadal's first match of this year's tournament will be a second-round clash with Nicolas Almagro.
Agnieszka Radwanska and Martina Navratilova have parted company. The pair announced in December that they would work together. Radwinska has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round in Stuttgart this week. The French Open starts on May 24.
Novak Djokovic has won 17 matches on the bounce and is the first man to win the season's first three Masters titles. Rafa Nadal has won the French Open in nine of the last 10 years. The Spaniard was beaten by the Serbian in the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters last week. But Nadal says it will be no different to previous encounters with the World No 1.
The venerable club in Baron's Court will host Britains biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19. Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly. The likely capacity of the one court used is around 7,000, as it is for the AEGON Championships, which takes place two weeks before Wimbledon.
Jenson Button was denied his 100th race for McLaren after an Energy Recovery System prevented him from making it to the start-line. Hamilton secured the 36th win of his career in Bahrain and his 21st from pole position. Kimi Raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in Bahrain following his superb late salvo.
Jenson Button stopped on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues. After just three corners of the Bahrain International Circuit, the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue. The latest glitch, however, means Button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix.
Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix next season. The race will be held in the capital of Baku, despite the country's poor human rights record. Human Rights Watch's 2015 report on the former Soviet republic stated there had been 'a dramatic deterioration in its already poor rights record' However, Ecclestone maintains F1 has conducted its due diligence on Azerbaijan.
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at Monte Carlo. World No 1 is the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events. Djokova beat eight-time champion Rafael Nadal to reach the final.
Nico Rosberg is locked in the battle of his career with Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton has dominated Roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign. Rosbergs deficit to Hamilton was six-tenths of a second on Saturday. He is also separated from the Briton by 17 points.
Jenson Button failed to complete qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix. The British driver was set to start from the back of the grid. McLaren chairman Ron Dennis said the engine was not broken. Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure. Click here for all the latest Formula One news.
Lewis Hamilton dominated qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Brit took pole position under the lights by four-tenths of a second from Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari. Hamiltons Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg, who took pole here in the previous two years, was third. Jenson Button's misery continued. His McLaren broke down with him having done just one sector of one lap.
Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself. The Finn's contract ends at the end of the current Formula One season. But there is an option for 2016 providing both parties are in agreement. The 35-year-old has finished fourth in the last two races in Malaysia and China.
Lewis Hamilton is yet to sign his new contract with Mercedes. Kimi Raikkonen has an option on his Ferrari deal for next season. The Finn finished on the podium for the first time in 26 grands prix. Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with Kimi to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque.
Nico Rosberg has admitted he's wary of the threat rivals Ferrari pose ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver was complimentary of Ferrari and described their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' The 29-year-old topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs during Friday practice.
Lewis Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with Mercedes. That leaves the door ajar for Hamilton to team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari to settle which of the pair is the better driver. Ferrari president Sergio Marchionne has admitted privately that he covets the Brit, rating him as the star driver of his generation.
Davy Condon was riding Portrait King in the Grand National at Aintree when he fell at the third-last, leaving him with a spinal concussion. It was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury. Condon had resigned himself to the fact he would be out of action for a lengthy period of time.
Ride Like The Wind is one of 34 colts which remain in the first Classic of the season run on Saturday, May 2. The Aidan OBrien-trained pair of Gleneagles and Highland Reel head the 2,000 Guineas entries. Roger Varians impressive Newbury winner Intilaaq could still be supplemented to the Guinea.
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit. Although the car was recovered, his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2. The 35-year-old ultimately finished down in 19th place, sandwiched between Manor duo Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi.
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs, cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs. The jockey was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. McNamara remains in the Mater Hospital in Dublin and was able to leave his bed for the first time on Tuesday.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday if he can secure mounts. The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire. McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race.
Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at Sandown on Saturday. Wright was a player for Arsenal as a striker for seven years, from 1991 until 1998. McCoy is a huge Arsenal supporter and has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season.
Northampton face Saracens in the Premiership on Saturday. Saints were knocked out of the Champions Cup quarter-finals by Clermont. Harlequins full back Ugo Monye is hanging up his boots at the end of the season. England lock Graham Kitchener makes first appearance since February.
The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side. He has penned a two-year deal with Alan Solomons' side which ties him to the Murrayfield outfit until May 2017. He said: 'I'm over the moon to be coming north. With the club being in a European Cup Final, they're really showing they've got quality players and everyone is speaking very highly of Edinburgh'
Edinburgh have confirmed that Ulster back Michael Allen will join the club this summer. The 24-year-old, who can play either at wing or centre, joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017. Allen admits his move from Belfast to the Scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month. The RFU has said he should have been ineligible for the match. The Aviva Premiership side now face the prospect of having points deducted for the misdemeanour. Gloucester currently lie ninth in the Premiership table.
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola, Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage and Clermont full back Nick Abendanon have all been shortlisted for the European Player of the Year award. The English trio are joined on the shortlist by Leinster captain Jamie Heaslip and Clerront No 8 Fritz Lee.
Davy McGregor was playing for Heriot's Racing Club against the Barbarians. Hooker was caught by an opponent's hip or shorts - leaving a truly horrifying sight. The former Ulster hooker took to Twitter to show off his battle scars. McGregor confirmed he was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and salvage what was left of his ear.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury. The Leicester Tigers centre has missed the autumn internationals and England's entire RBS 6 Nations campaign. Tuilaga is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for England's pre-World Cup preparations.
Mike Brown was knocked out in the 13th minute of England's RBS 6 Nations match against Italy in February. The full back has continued to suffer from headaches nine weeks later. Brown has taken no part in training or team meetings since he returned to Harlequins. The 29-year-old is out of Saturday's Aviva Premiership match against Sale and is not expected to face Bath the following week.
Mike Fitzgerald has helped the Waikato-based Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles. He is set to follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road next season. Leicester rugby director Richard Cockerill said: 'Mike will be a good addition to our group of locks, especially with the retirement of Louis Deacon and Brad Thorn'
Toulon fly half Matt Giteau is eligible to play for Australia again. The 32-year-old missed out on selection for the 2011 World Cup in New Zealand. Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad with 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home. The ARU decision has been made in response to an exodus of leading lights to Europe.
England begin their World Cup campaign against Fiji at Twickenham. Stuart Lancaster's side will take on the South Sea Islanders in the World Cup curtain-raiser on September 18 at England HQ. England came within six points of claiming the RBS 6 Nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against France on the final day of the championship.
Players with 60 caps who have held professional contract with Australian Rugby for at least seven years will be eligible to continue their international careers. Other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons. Flyhalf Matt Giteau and winger Drew Mitchell, as well as flanker George Smith, would immediately qualify to play at the World Cup later this year.
Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a 74-run lead at the end of day three. Captain Alastair Cook got 76 in a century stand with Jonathan Trott (59) at the top before Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root. The end of the day was slightly marred by the loss of three quick wickets, with Ballance, Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes departing deep into the final session.
Joe Root scored 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second Test against the West Indies in Grenada. England ended on 373 for six, a lead of 74, and Root and Jos Buttler will have to stick around for as long as possible on Friday if England are going to dictate terms. Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton. Only Mike Brearley has gone longer without a hundred than Cook.
Marlon Samuels sent Ben Stokes on his way with a military-style salute. Stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day. England closed on 373 for six, a lead of 74, thanks to an outstanding 118 from Joe Root.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson is a doubt for next months series in England after breaking a finger. Jermaine Blackwood was twice hit in the body by Cook shots. West Indies bowler Shannon Gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on Wednesday.
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in Grenada. England bowled West Indies out for 299 on day two of the second Test. Captain Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott guided England to 74 without loss at stumps.
Australian batsman Aaron Finch has had surgery on his left hamstring. Finch sustained the injury playing for the Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League and returned to Melbourne to have the operation on Tuesday. Finch has never played Test cricket and was not included in the Australia squad for June's series in West Indies or the Ashes tour which follows.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer. Cook and Jonathan Trott shared a first half-century stand after safely negotiating the final session on day two. Stuart Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from knee surgery while claiming three wickets for 19.
Zara Phillips pulls out of Rolex Kentucky three-day event. Phillips had travelled to the United States with her London 2012 and 2014 World Equestrian Games Great Britain team silver medal-winning ride High Kingdom. Phillips, The Queen's granddaughter, withdrew before her scheduled dressage test at Kentucky Horse Park.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as the San Antonio Spurs beat the Los Angeles Clippers 100-73 in Game 3 on Friday. The newly crowned Defensive Player of the Year was in excellent form for the reigning NBA champions as they took a 2-1 lead in the first-round series. The Clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the Staples Center, but must now come from behind after two straight defeats. Houston Rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in Dallas.
Graeme Swann reveals when Alastair Cook's form took a turn for the worse. Adil Rashid was made to wait for his Test debut after being left out on day one. Devon Smith became the first Grenadan ever to score a Test run in Grenada. Joe Root 'wasn't a massive fan' of now team-mate James Anderson.
Ben Stokes was involved in a war of words with West Indies batsman Marlon Samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second Test in Grenada. The two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and SamUels later taunted the Durham all-rounder, saying: The English boys dont learn Right-hander Samuel is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five. Stokes had earlier twisted his hip on the greasy outfield.
Movistar rider Alejandro Valverde won Fleche Wallonne on Wednesday. Team Sky's Chris Froome fell in the final 12km but finished the race. Former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a bad crash 50km from the end. Froome is expected to take part in the Tour de Romandie next week.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at The Crucible. The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon. He could have faced a fine of around £250 for briefly playing on without shoes, but tournament officials decided there was no case of a dress-code breach to answer.
Reanne Evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion surprisingly ended on Tuesday. The 29-year-old from Dudley lost narrowly to Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying for the Crucible-staged Betfred World Championship. She suffered a fresh blow as she relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title, losing 4-2 in the semi-finals to Hong Kong's Ng On Yee.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 in the Betway Premier League. Gary Anderson beat Van Gerwen 7-5 as he averaged 105.94. Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall. Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis in a thrilling contest.
All five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 117-106 on Tuesday. LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91. Houston Rockets pulled away in the last quarter to beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old led 7-2 from Wednesday before Carrington fought back. Trump will now face Marco Fu in the next round. Mark Selby beat Anthony McGill 4-4 in their second round match. Shaun Murphy beat Robin Murphy 10-3 in the Masters.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon on Sunday. But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure Radcliffe will race. The 41-year-old's world record time of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years later.
Ding Jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black. The Chinese world No 3 realised what he had done and chuckled. Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Jimmy Butler scored 31 points as the Chicago Bulls beat the Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 on Monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round NBA play-offs series. Derrick Rose scored all of his 15 points in the second half after dominating in the series opener. In Oakland, California, Klay Thompson scored 26 points and Stephen Curry had 22 points and six assists as the Golden State Warriors beat the New Orleans Pelicans 97-87.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime. Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation to complete a 20-point, fourth-quarter comeback. Curry hit seven 3s in all, including one to start overtime that gave the Warriors the lead for good. The dramatic win by the Warriors was mirrored by Chicago's double-overtime victory over Milwaukee.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format. Team Africa will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation, while Team World will consist of those from the rest of the globe. LA Clippers' Chris Paul will captain Team World, while Britain's two-time NBA All-Star Deng - who was born in South Sudan - will lead out Team Africa. The game will take place following the 13th edition of Basketball without Borders (BWB) Africa.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory. Robertson has committed more hours to the game than ever before and he believes it will help him finally fulfil his potential and become a multiple winner of the sport's major crowns.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal for the first time since leaving in 2011. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger wants'respect' for his former player. Wenger has won seven and drawn five of his 12 meetings with Jose Mourinho. Arsenal host Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Gabriel Agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer on Instagram. The Aston Villa attacker missed the semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring problem. Villa face Manchester City on Saturday at the Etihad Stadium. Tim Sherwood's side are currently four points clear of the relegation zone.
Just nine points separates the bottom seven teams in the Premier League. Chris Ramsey believes QPR will avoid relegation if they win three more games. Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence. Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum against Burnley. Sean Dyche insists his side aren't scared of relegation.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League. Current Toffees Chairman Bill Kenwright also paid tribute to Sir Philip, who he recalled to the board of directors at Goodison Park for a second time in 2008. Roberto Martinez said: 'This is a sad day for Everton Football Club and for every Evertonian'
Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the Premier League. Ings hasn't scored since February 11 and missed his side's best chance in Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Everton that left Burnley bottom. Dyche needs 23-year-old Ings to rediscover his mojo quickly, starting with the critical home game against relegation rivals Leicester City.
Aaron Lennon has four games remaining of his loan spell at Everton. The Tottenham winger is ineligible to play against his parent club on the final day of the season. Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Lennon in the time he has left at Goodison Park. Martinez also praised the attacking talents of Kevin Mirallas and rejected reports he could exit the club.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Everton. Roberto Martinez admits he doesn't know what the future holds for the Belgian. The Toffees host Manchester United at Goodison Park on Sunday. Martinez hopes Everton can commemorate the life of Sir Philip Carter.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland in February. The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving from Norwich in the summer. QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on Fer in bid to beat relegation. Rangers have several players returning to fitness, including defender Richard Dunne.
Steve McClaren is understood to be one of two people on Newcastle's short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season. John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat having replaced Alan Pardew in January. Reports this week have suggested that McClaren could leave Derby should, like last season, he fail to get them promoted from the Championship via the play-offs.
Hull City were beaten 2-0 by Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday. Steve Bruce's side are now just two points clear of the relegation zone. The Tigers have six games to save their season including Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United. Bruce is confident he can keep Hull in the Premier League.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie if offered £40m to £60m. The Crystal Palace manager says all his players are 'undervalued' Pardews says he will not be afraid to sell players if the right offer comes in.
John Carver says Newcastle's hierarchy must try to bring an end to protests against the club. Fans group AshleyOut.com are encouraging supporters to Stand Up To Ashley when Swansea visit St James Park on Saturday. This will involve a 34th-minute protest in recognition of the £34million which was last week revealed to be sitting in the clubs bank. At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Spurs.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal with Leicester last summer. The 34-year-old has been in excellent form for the Foxes this season. Nigel Pearson is keen for the midfielder to stay for another season. But much will hinge on Leicester staying in the Premier League.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad. The 15-year-old has had trials with Liverpool and Everton. Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest. Stoke manager Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's 19- year-old winger Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals. The Belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland. Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to focus on scoring more goals.
Southampton face Tottenham at St Mary's on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino is returning to the club for the first time since leaving for Spurs last May. Southampton fans are planning to show their support for Ronald Koeman by wearing orange instead of the club's usual red and white. Koeman has made shrewd signings to replace those departed.
QPR are in the Premier League relegation zone with 28 points. Chris Ramsey's side face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester to close the season. Ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive concentration. QPR lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Loftus Road in their last game.
Eden Hazard was a constant outlet for Chelsea in their win over Manchester United. Seamus Coleman was key to Everton's win over Burnley, laying on the only goal of the game for Kevin Mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet. Philipp Wollscheid revels in the physicality of English-style defending and he dominated in defence for Stoke. Craig Gardner starred as Tony Pulis' West Bromwich Albion side gave him a winning return to Crystal Palace.
Jack Butland has revealed he voted for Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland hopes Kane can fire England Under 21s to European Championship glory. The 22-year-old is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the European Under 21 championship since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984. England manager Gareth Southgate and former World Cup legend Michael Owen were at St George's Park on Thursday.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the man to guide Liverpool to success. The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa last Sunday. But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club. Henderson said he was 'over the moon' after signing new long-term contract at Anfield worth over £100,000 a week.
Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Garry Monk has made a striker his priority for the summer. Club scouts have checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic at Anderlecht and Obbi Oulare from Club Brugge. An offer has been made to Marseille's Andre Ayew also.
There are just four points separating the bottom five sides in the Premier League. Leicester, Burnley and QPR would make an immediate return to the championship, but Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink. Even Aston Villa and West Brom are not quite out of the dogfight. Sportsmail's reporters give their verdicts on the closest relegation run-in for years.
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him from the starting 11. The Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine but since he left the club, the left back has found his game time limited. 'I do not understand. I have also got no explanation as to why I don't play,' he said.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Mame Diouf and Charlie Adam scored in the comeback win. Mark Hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper Asmir Begovic. The Bosnian has attracted interest from Real Madrid and Manchester City.
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester in the 15th minute at the King Power Stadium. The Argentine striker scored his first Premier League goal in four months. Leicester moved off the bottom of the Premier League for the first time since November. The Foxes have now won three Premier League games in a row for theFirst time since 2000.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title when they face their nearest challengers on May 11. Aberdeen striker Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch. Rooney was nominated for the Scotland Player of the Year on Thursday.
Harry Kane tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index. Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle. The 21-year-old is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. Tottenham team-mate Christian Eriksen is second in the rankings. Chelsea star Eden Hazard completes the top three after scoring against Manchester United.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next year. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season - the club's first in the 54,000-seater Olympic Stadium. Manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods. The 24-year-old has been told he is'surplus to requirements' by Blackpool boss Lee Clark. Blackman told the judge his attempts to find a new club might be hindered if he was forced to carry out community work. He said the travelling to different clubs would be the biggest problem.
West Brom host Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday. The Baggies are eight points above the Premier League relegation zone. They also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games, along with a trip to Newcastle. Head coach Tony Pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker has scored 20 Premier League goals this season. Kane is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize. A new animation has been released showing some of Kane's best goals.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness Caley Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Josh Meekings is fighting a ban from the final following a handball. Chris Sutton has branded additional official Alan Muir 'idiotic' Sutton says Muir should be kept away from high-profile games if not up to the job.
Inverness defender Josh Meekings handled a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident. Inverness vowed to 'vigorously defend' their player in a bid to clear him.
Celtic lost 2-1 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil van Dijk had given the Parkhead side the lead in the first half. But Josh Meekings was sent off for a handball before Greg Tansey equalised from the spot. Craig Gordon was then sent off in the second half for fouling Marley Watkins. The Scottish champions wilted in extra-time, succumbing to goals from Edward Ofore and David Raven.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their recent Scottish Cup exit. Celtic have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to Inverness. Brown views the whole furore as 'a bit of sour grapes' that speaks of the frustration within his old rivals.
Stuart McCall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season. The interim Ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign after being lured back to his old club to kick-start their faltering promotion bid. Rangers have operated a haphazard transfer policy since re-emerging from the embers of liquidation.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup final on Monday. Josh Meekings blocked Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound shot with his hand. John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while playing for Celtic in the 2003 Old Firm League Cup final. The Welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time. Hartson has called on Celtic to move on from the latest setback.
The Rangers board have held their first meeting with Mike Ashley since assuming control at Ibrox. Interim chairman Paul Murray and director John Gilligan held talks with Ashley and other members of the Sports Direct hierarchy on Wednesday. Sports Direct loaned the previous Rangers regime £5million in January, receiving security over various assets  including club trademarks  in return.
Walter Smith says Ally McCoist deserves a chance to prove himself at a stable club. The Ibrox legend worked closely with McCoists and coach Kenny McDowall before the duo assumed the reins at Rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch. Smith insists that both men have something left to offer in football.
Tim Sherwood insists Aston Villa are prepared for their final survival fight. Villa go to Manchester City on Saturday looking good at four points above the bottom three and with an FA Cup final against Arsenal ahead next month. Sherwood could have Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury. Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho are available again after respective thigh and groin problems.
Isco has been in phenomenal form for Real Madrid this season. But the Spaniard has seen his place come under threat in recent weeks. James Rodriguez's return to fitness saw him drop to the bench. Isco admits he is 'not very happy' with Carlo Ancelotti's decision.
Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Ibrox 'with open arms' according to John Brown. The club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance at last month's general meeting. The terms of his contract mean the nine-in-a-row favourite cannot return until his 12-month notice period expires. But Brown insists King's team will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in Light Blue.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City at the end of last season. The France international has played only 16 times for City this season. City are fourth in the Premier League, with Arsenal second. Sagna says he would make the same decision again if he was faced with a similar choice.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho. The Arsenal manager has drawn five and lost seven of their clashes. Wenger and Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October's 2-0 win for Chelsea in the reverse fixture. Sunday's game marks the return of former Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas, who will be wearing Chelsea blue at the Emirates.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. Mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber to aid his recovery. The 38-year-old's fight against Manny Pacquiao is less than two weeks away.
Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on the Europa League campaign. Of 10 Barclays Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30, Spurs have won two - against QPR last August and Arsenal in February. Six of the matches followed Europa League games on Thursday nights, and Spurs lost four of those and drew the other two. Tottenham play his former club Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Pep Guardiola is yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2015-16 season. Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is on course for Champions League football next season. Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre should replace Guardiola.
Pep Guardiola 'would not go to a club like Manchester City', claims Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. The Bayern Munich boss will see out his three-year contract. Guardiola has been linked with a move to Premier League champions Manchester City. The Spaniard won the domestic double with Bayern last season.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-final. The two sides have met twice this season, both times in La Liga. A deciding third bout at Europes main event would draw global crowds not witnessed before. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, the pre-eminent practitioners of this era, head-to-head for the biggest club prize of all.
Walter Smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities. Dave King, the chairman-elect, has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come. Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
Manny Pacquiao held an open workout at the Wild Card gym in Los Angeles on Wednesday. The Filipino star opened up about his motivation, his belief in God and journey to the top in boxing. Pacquaio will fight Floyd Mayweather on May 2 in the most lucrative fist fight in history.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight. The electronic machine showed Mayweather at 150.5 lbs. There was a modicum of surplus fat at the sides of his waist but he looks well on track with his conditioning. Mayweather is looking to extend his 47-fight unbeaten streak when he meets Pacquiao next month.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino has been given a speed ball with Mayweather's face painted on it by celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro. Shapiro is a civil litigator working out of Los Angeles-based firm Glaser Weil Fink Jacobs Howard Avchen & Shapiro. He was an integral member of OJ Simpson's 1995 defense team.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr will fight Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. It will be the richest-ever boxing fight of all time. Mayweather will earn upwards of $180m, Pacqu Qiao $120m. The pair would have split $60m at most five years ago.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the swimming pool to continue his mega-fight preparations. The boxer enjoyed a few laps of the pool before doing some underwater resistance training. It is now less than a month until both boxers meet in Las Vegas for what is being dubbed as the richest fight in boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. HBO and Showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the fight. The fight itself will set viewers back $89.95 (£60.70), but any HD surcharge up to $10 could be added on by TV providers. Mayweather's fight against Canelo Alvarez in September 2013 cost US viewers $64.95.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather released two pictures from his training camp, appearing to show him hanging a weight from his head. Actor Mark Wahlberg stopped by to see the Filipino going through his paces.
Danny Welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury he picked up on international duty with England. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain remains unavailable for Arsenal. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face Arsenal on Saturday. Centre-back Martin Skrtel and captain Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions with Dejan Lovren favourite to replace the former in defence.
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's Europa League final. The other tie sees Rafael Benitez's Napoli take on Dnipro DNipropetrovsk. The Warsaw final takes place on May 27.
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor on Sunday (1.30pm) Clarets defender Stephen Ward should be back in contention after overcoming an ankle injury. Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris will miss the game with a knee injury. Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues.
Manchester City have already met Jurgen Klopp to assess him for the managers job  but it was back in 2013 when they were seeking a replacement for Roberto Mancini. Txiki Begiristain met the Borussia Dortmund manager and concluded that he was not the right fit for City. The club went on to appoint Manuel Pellegrini.
Jurgen Klopp rejected the overtures of West Ham United after handing in his notice at Borussia Dortmund. Rafael Benitez could be persuaded to return to English football after leaving Napoli. West Ham need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture. Sam Allardyce isn't that man.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father's training camp. She says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym. Mayweather vs Pacquao is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing for the most expensive bout in boxing history. The 38-year-old took to his Shots account to upload a picture inside his private jet. The WBA and WBC welterweight world champion can be seen inside his aircraft alongside a member of his brand The Money Team. Muhammad Ali wants Manny Pacquiao to beat Mayweather on May 2.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The 47-year-old has long been linked with taking over from Arsene Wenger. Wenger has two years left on his contract at the Emirates Stadium. Nigel Winterburn says Wenger should be given two more years at Arsenal.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund in July. Klopp announced on Wednesday he was leaving the club at the end of the season. Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his Mainz contract. The 41-year-old was linked with a move to Newcastle United in January.
Usain Bolt is in Rio de Janeiro to promote an event over the weekend. He visited a small gym at the base of Rio's Mangueira favela on Thursday. Bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three. The six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in Rio.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars while it investigates doping. Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision Monday to suspend two athlete management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati. Kenyan authorities have previously blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents.
Usain Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games in the Brazilian capital. The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin and Bolt is confident he could shave two tenths off that time. Bolt insists he has nothing to worry about when he is fully fit, insisting it is almost impossible to beat.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. The Conservatives trail some way behind, while the Liberal Democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power. At the top table, 18 of the 20 Premier League grounds are in constituencies held by Labour. Only Chelsea, who voted Tory, and Burnley, where Lib Dems hold sway, are any different.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham after four minutes. Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute. Fulham boss Kit Symons says his side need to rebuild in the summer. Steve Evans' side still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player, Farrend Rawson, against Brighton.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the Masters. The four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root. Woods was forced to drop his club and give out a painful yell. The 39-year-old managed to finish the competition at 5-under-par. Woods finished 13 strokes behind winner Jordan Spieth.
Rotherham played Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton on Easter Monday after his youth loan had expired. The paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. The Football League said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at 'the earliest opportunity' The three-man panel is finally set to meet on Thursday, with Evans expecting news of his club's fate in the next 24 hours.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Santiago Bernabeu. Fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation. Javier Hernandez scored the winning goal in the 88th minute against Atletico to win the tie.
Paris Saint-Germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by Barcelona. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti failed to shine for the Ligue One side. Laurent Blanc says PSG need more time to reach the top of the game. Blaise Matuidi says that PSG are still not ready to win the Champions League and still have work to do.
Newcastle fans have planned a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley. The supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match against Swansea. Garry Monk insists Newcastle's players will not be affected by the protests. The Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games under John Carver.
Joe Launchbury has been out since October with a bulging disc in his neck. The 24-year-old is hopeful of making his comeback against Leicester on May 9. It would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena. Launchbury still has aspirations of playing for England at the World Cup later this year.
Napoli beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in the Europa League quarter final last night. Rafael Benitez is out of contract this summer. Manchester City, Paris St Germain and Real Madrid are all considering changes. West Ham and Newcastle are also interested in the 55-year-old. He has won 12 trophies since 2002, including the Champions League.
Yaya Toure has hinted that he is open to leaving Manchester City. Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk wants to meet with City to discuss his future. Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season after managing him at City. Click here for more Manchester City news.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal's FA Cup final win over Reading. Ray Parlour has backed the 23-year-old to be the future of the club. But the former Arsenal star fears his injury record could prevent him from reaching his undoubted potential. The Gunners face Aston Villa in the final at Wembley on Saturday.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers. Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m) But one country was missing: China  where the government outlaws Twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media. In Twitters place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans. Manchester United have over eight million followers on Weibo, almost double that of Twitter. Manchester City also
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions for Arsenal. The Chilean forward has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Year award. Sanchez has singled out Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular' player. Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table.
Patrice Evra believes Juventus called upon quintessential Italian traits in securing their route to the Champions League semi-finals. Massimiliano Allegri's team secured a 0-0 draw at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night, meaning they progressed 1-0 on aggregate. Evra withstood a few nervous moments as Juventus sat back and allowed the French side to dictate the play.
Swansea striker Bafetimbi Gomis will miss three to four weeks with a hamstring injury. The Frenchman came off in the early stages of last weekend's 1-1 draw with Everton and scans have now revealed the full extent of the damage. He will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke but hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11. The 29-year-old spent the first half of the campaign in Wilfried Bony's shadow.
Champions League semi-final line-up has been confirmed. Real Madrid and Juventus will face Barcelona and Bayern Munich. The final will be held in Berlin on June 6. Click here for all the latest Champions League news. READ: Real Madrid vs Juventus team news, probable line-ups, odds and more.
England coach John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Photographs show Liverpool fans rushing to help those crushed in tragedy. Investigators have released images in 'unusual' appeal to track down witnesses. They say those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families. Appeal is on behalf of Coroner Sir John Goldring, who is conducting inquest.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory. The 21-year-old became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time. Spieth was the first wire-to-wire winner at Augusta in 39 years. He was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool. The 24-year-old midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week that will keep him at Anfield until the summer of 2020. Hendersons current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option.
Marcus Bettinelli played in Fulham's 1-1 draw against Rotherham United. The 22-year-old is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli, who also coaches Mourinho's son, Jose Mario. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes Bettinelli could potentially provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois and Petr Cech.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday. Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final clash. Bayern are 12 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and in the German Cup semi-final. Guardiola has revealed that 'only the treble is enough' for his team.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's 50 matches this season. The Welshman has missed games against Barcelona, Liverpool and Malaga. But Real have won every single game he has missed, scoring 25 and conceding just one goal. The stats will do nothing to help his popularity at the Bernabeu.
Thiago Alcantara scored in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Wednesday. David Moyes was not keen on signing the midfielder for Manchester United. Pep Guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder. United's need for passing quality was apparent throughout Moyes' short time at the club.
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the Premier League. Saints are only ranked 16th in the top flight in terms of their wage bill - £55.2million. Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with a wage bill of £192.7m. Third-placed Manchester United have the highest wage bill at £215.8m. Bottom-club Burnley's wage bill is just £21.5m including £6m in promotion bonuses, one-tenth the size of United's.
David de Gea has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid. Real are looking for a long-term replacement for Iker Casillas. Louis van Gaal's side have been linked with the likes of Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels. Phil Neville says keeping De Gea would be the biggest signing this summer.
Manchester United have made an opening £21.5m bid for Mats Hummels. The Germans value their captain at £35m but United hope to use that to their advantage. Dortmund want to bring in Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Radamel Falcao has endured a frustrating season on loan at Manchester United. The striker has managed just four league goals for the Red Devils. But chief executive Ed Woodward held talks with Monaco on Sunday. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev said United have not yet decided if they will exercise the option to sign the striker permanently.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after he cracked three ribs during the club's U21 clash with Leicester on Monday. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer but was hoping to make a last-gasp claim to stay. His damaged ribs are expected to rule him out for around six weeks, effectively ending his season.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday. Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp. The 30-year-old has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates. But Federici has issued an apology to Reading's fans on Twitter.
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's side have scored 115 goals in all competitions this season. Bayern still have five Bundesliga matches to play as they march towards a third consecutive title. They also face Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup semi-final on April 28, and potentially three Champions League matches.
UEFA has published Champions League regulations for next season. Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. On current standings, Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw.
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Michael Carrick's contribution. Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan is a prime contender to fill the role. The ball-playing midfielder has been watched extensively by United. Dortmund could listen to offers to avoid losing Gundogan on a free transfer in 2016.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side are on the cusp of matching Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season. Neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset. PSG project needs more investment  as long as its sensible investment.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League to Barcelona on Tuesday night. ITV pundit Roy Keane described the defender's performance as looking 'lost' Neymar scored twice to send Barcelona through to the quarter-finals. Click here for all the latest PSG news.
Campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of Chelsea. The luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £6.75million. Campbell bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season. Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law. The report suggests the failure of London Mayor Boris Johnson and the London Legacy Development Corporation to obtain prior approval from the European Commission.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side are through to the Champions League semi-finals. The Bayern boss was pleased with his side's first-half performance. But Guardiola found faults in the second half as Porto pulled back to 5-1.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. The Chile international has scored three goals in his last three matches. Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award. The 26-year-old also scored a brace at Wembley in Chile's 2-0 defeat of England in November 2013.
Adam Federici let a tame Alexis Sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the Royals were narrowly beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in Saturday's FA Cup semi-final. Reading boss Steve Clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back. The Royals take on Birmingham in the Championship on Wednesday.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the German club. The Spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in Portugal last week.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg. Andres Iniesta provided Neymar with his first goal on the night. The Spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season, prompting critics to suggest the 30-year-old was on the decline. But Iniesta has responded to his critics by claiming he 'never went away'
Four-time winner Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins. The 39-year-old fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against Gloucester potter Milkins, who took the match beyond its evening interval but was thoroughly outplayed. Higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year, notably in taking the Welsh Open title in February.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield. The 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on Monday with a 7-2 overnight lead. Selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from Hawkins saw him into the second round.
DeShane Beckford impressed on trial with West Ham earlier this month. The 17-year-old forward from Montego Bay United also has offers from clubs in Belgium. Beckford is said to be one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean. West Ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289.
Kenny Bayless will be the third man in the ring with Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The Nevada State Athletic Commission have wisely put their trust in the large physical presence and unflappable personality of Bayless. Glenn Feldman, a much respected judge from Connecticut, will be among the three wise men scoring a fight which most expect to go the 12-round distance.
Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit  on day four in an unusual bid to try and improve his performance. Augusta National have had people positioned on four holes this week taking note of everything  what club each player uses from the tee.
Kenny Bayless will referee Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao on May 2. The 64-year-old has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights. He also oversaw the American's pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996. Oscar De La Hoya believes Bayless' appointment will benefit Mayweather.
The tennis star tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered outside the cathedral to greet the couple. Murray tweeted his plans for the day through the use of emojis. He tweeted an umbrella, a ring, a kiss, cake, drinks including beer, cocktails and wine.
Glenn Roeder has made a surprise return to football as part of a new management team at Sheffield Wednesday. Roeder and former Hull City chairman Adam Pearson are joining head coach Stuart Gray in a three-man task force. The off-field team has been put in place by Dejphon Chansiri, the Thai tycoon who recently bought the club from Milan Mandaric.
Xabi Alonso could become only the second player to win the Champions League with three different teams. Clarence Seedorf won the trophy with Ajax, Real Madrid and Milan. Thiago Motta could also equal Seedorf's record if he manages to earn a Champions League medal with Paris Saint-Germain.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in Europe's top competition. Seven alone have Manchester United connections: Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, plus Javier Hernandez. Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City have all been knocked out of the Champions League.
Tim Sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of Aston Villa. The former Tottenham boss has won five of his first 10 games in charge. Christian Benteke has flourished under Sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven for Villa. Fabian Delph has become a real leader under new management. Sherwood is keen on youth development and watched Gary Gardner score.
Sam Allardyce was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul against Stewart Downing. Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play. The Hammers boss also screamed at the linesman during the 2-0 loss to Manchester City at the Etihad.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Hammers have won just one of their last 11 Premier League games. Carl Jenkinson insists West Ham are not resting on their laurels. The 23-year-old has enjoyed a successful season-long loan from Arsenal.
Manchester City director of football Txiki Begiristain is keen for Pep Guardiola to become their new manager in the summer of 2016. Guardiola is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. The 44-year-old will come under more scrutiny if Bayern Munich fail to overturn their quarter-final deficit to Porto on Tuesday. Guardiola has only a year left on his contract at Bayern.
Martina Hingis was defeated 6-4, 6-0 by Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup. The former World No 1 was playing her first singles since 2007. The 34-year-old was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team for the World Group playoff encounter against Poland. The 15-times grand slam champion fought courageously but could not prevent defeat.
Memphis Depay is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 21-year-old has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer. De Boer believes United could have the edge over Liverpool in a battle for the Holland forward. Bayern Munich are also interested in signing Depay and Kevin de Bruyne.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final victory over Reading clashed with a top Premier League fixture. With star quality including Wayne Rooney and Eden Hazard on show, Manchester United's visit to Chelsea took viewers away from the game at Wembley. Luke Shaw was in impressive form at Stamford Bridge, and he might owe his form to a change in diet. Joe Root's football-style celebration of his two wickets in the first Test added some impetus to Englands bowling team. Alastair Cook seems unable to get past rumours about an England return for Kevin Pietersen.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen at their Melwood base. The club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches. Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training and did not want a screen.
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career will come to an end at Stoke City on May 24. Gerrard's final game at Anfield will come against Crystal Palace on May 16. Liverpool captain is likely to begin his new career in mid-July once the MLS transfer window opens  possibly when LA Galaxy meet San Jose Earthquakes on July 17, the same day Liverpool play their first pre-season friendly.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession but were unable to score. The Red Devils are considering an approach for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba in the next transfer window. United are also keeping tabs on Borussia Dortmund defender Mats Hummels.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. The Belgian winger scored the winner against Manchester United. Hazard is widely expected to be named PFA player of the year on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news. Click here for the latest Manchester United news.
Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy. Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer. Kolo Toure is also considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer. Mario Balotellis fellow strikers Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert could also depart. Brad Jones is the tenth name who would be surplus to requirements.
Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the World Series of Boxing before opting to fight. Conlan claimed a dramatic win to book his place at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games alongside team-mate Paddy Barnes. Both Belfast boxers were in action for the Italia Thunder franchise in Venezuela on Saturday night, with the pair needing victories to book flights to Rio. Barnes delivered in style, extending his undefeated WSB record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over light-flyweight Yoel Finol.
Amir Khan has been linked with a fight with Manny Pacquiao. The fight could take place in Abu Dhabi in November or December. Khan is preparing to fight Chris Algieri in New York next month. Mayweather will end his six-fight deal with Showtime in September.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. The Serie A side are looking to strengthen further this summer. Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all among Sterling's admirers. Juventus want at least £55m for Paul Pogba and have bid for Axel Witsel.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener. Villa will face Arsenal in the final on May 30 at Wembley. Tom Cleverley says Tim Sherwood has brought an attacking style to the club.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City. Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa. Didier Drogba covered more ground at sprint speed than Radamel Falcao. Mesut Ozil is finding his form at just the right time.
David Moyes gave Wayne Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton. Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in the summer of 2013. The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure from Goodison Park in 2004. Rooney has been a vital cog in Louis van Gaal's new-look United outfit this season.
Manny Pacquiao's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $2.25m (£1.5m), reports the Manila Bulletin. The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved. Mayweather's cut is to be in excess of £80m before a range of other means of income from the fight.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Reds boss Brendan Rodgers has been criticised for his side's performances. Liverpool have bought 17 players over the last two years but only three have impressed. Liverpool are under pressure to perform in the Champions League.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal labelled his side's performance as their best of the season. Wayne Rooney was happy with the performance despite the defeat. The United ace was deployed in midfield due to injuries to Michael Carrick and Daley Blind.
Marouane Fellaini has been in superb form for Manchester United in recent weeks. Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois believes his side will be able to deal with the midfielder. The Blues travel to Stamford Bridge to face United on Saturday afternoon. Cour tois believes Eden Hazard will win the PFA Player of the Year award.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. The Belgian has been the best player in the Premier League all season. He is now the player you look to in a crisis, as he did against QPR.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea with a low shot past David de Gea. The Belgian forward has now scored 13 goals in the Premier League this season. Jose Mourinho's side are now just two points behind Manchester United with two more games to play. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Eden Hazard's first-half goal gave Chelsea a 1-0 win over Manchester United. But there was controversy when United were denied a late penalty. Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill but referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived. Jose Mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against Chelsea.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Jose Mourinho's side need just two more wins to clinch the title. Mourinho has warned his players they still have work to do. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea require two wins from their last six matches to claim the title.
Bournemouth went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one 2-2 draw. Chris Maguire converted an injury time penalty to salvage a draw for Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court. The battle for automatic promotion to the Premier League is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play.
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. A draw here at Prescot Cables means automatic promotion will become only an outside possibility. The original manager Phil Power was sacked in January and left complaining that the decision was delivered by chairman Karen Baird.
Radamel Falcao hasn't scored or had a shot on target for Manchester United since January 31 against Leicester. The striker has collected £3,080,000 in wages during that period. The Colombian started in United's 1-0 defeat at Chelsea on Saturday. But despite playing the full 90 minutes, he struggled to get involved.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. Louis van Gaal was Barca manager when Iniesta was given his debut. Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him make the breakthrough. The Spain international also admitted he took great joy in defeating Chelsea and Manchester United during Barca's run to Champions League success.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Garath McCleary's deflected volley gave Reading the lead. But Adam Federici's goalkeeping error enabled Arsenal to regain the lead in extra time. Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a Premier League return.
All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season. Manchester United have decided to implement the salary a year early. Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage to all their staff while supporter-owned FC United of Manchester were the first club in Britain.
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Wayne Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals. United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals. Louis van Gaal will be hoping his side can earn a four-point gap over City.
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park. Kevin Mirallas opened the scoring for the Toffees on his return to the first team. Ross Barkley missed a chance to give his side the lead from the penalty spot. Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half time for two bookable offences.
Rotor Volgograd were one of Russia's leading clubs in the 1990s. They famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup 20 years ago. Manchester United drew 0-0 with Rotor in Russia before their elimination from Europe's second tier competition on away goals. Rotor lost their professional status in 2005 but were reformed a year later.
Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The Toffees forward has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career. Barclays will give away more than 8,000 tickets to local communities in partnership with Premier League clubs.
Roberto Martinez says Burnley's players remind him of his old Wigan side when they avoided the drop. The Spaniard masterminded Wigan's escape from relegation which seemed an almost impossible task. He believes Sean Dyche's clear plan will help Burnley survive. While Burnley are fighting for their lives Everton have nothing left to play for, 12th in the table.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer has promoted a range of t-shirts ahead of the bout. Three of the shirts cost $29.99 (321) and one is priced at $24.99 (£21) Fans can also choose to buy a shirt in the colours black or white.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley. The untried Barkley inexplicably took the 10th minute kick  awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon  rather than Leighton Baines. Baines has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the bout have yet to go on public sale, with the two camps and the MGM Grand locked in a stand-off over allotments. When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price.
Christian Benteke could be sold in the summer if he wants to go, says Tim Sherwood. The 24-year-old has two years left on his contract but harbours ambitions to play in Europe. Sherwood said there would likely be talks over his £50,000-a-week contract during the summer.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist. The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros. Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her soaking up the sun with two friends at country music festival Tortuga.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry go head-to-head in the studio ahead of Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao. Both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension. Sky Sports Boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate Manny and Money finally fighting. Simply film your own and then nominate someone else to do the same before sharing it with the hashtag #H2H.
Martin Skrtel has praised the impact Steven Gerrard has had on him since arriving at Anfield in 2008. Gerrard is set to feature for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday, looking to lead his hometown side into the final against Arsenal. Gerrard will sign off his Anfield career in the final which takes place on his birthday of May 30, before moving to LA Galaxy.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory. Liverpool's last trophy success came in 2012 in the League Cup under Kenny Dalglish. Rodgers believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality for future seasons.
Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing Stoke a spot in the Europe League via the Fair Play League. Stoke are 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table and are set to miss out on European football next year. Hughes has criticised the competition, which is designed to promote positive behaviour, and has questioned its merit.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in their Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday night. Luis Enrique's side are five points clear at the top of the La Liga table. Valencia visit the Nou Camp in the midst of a 10-match unbeaten run. Barcelona midfielder Andreas Iniesta has been ruled out with a bruised pelvis.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in Champions League quarter final first leg. Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca put themselves in control of the tie. Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. Suarez has scored 11 goals in his last 11 games for Barca.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League. The PSG striker was caught on camera launching into a tirade against official Lionel Jaffredo while walking back to the dressing room. Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF)
Greece's government have proposed new laws banning teams from European competitions. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football. Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece. Greece's deputy sports minister Stavros Kontonis says 'we are not going to change the philosophy of the sports bill'
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus. The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing. Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday. Click here for all the latest Juventus news.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico on Wednesday night. The Wales international injured his calf during Saturday's 3-1 win against Malaga in the opening stages. Bale took to Facebook on Wednesday to wish his team-mates good luck.
Manchester United's reserve side drew 1-1 with Leicester at the King Power Stadium. Harry Panayiotou put the Foxes in the lead after 18 minutes. Sean Goss equalised for Louis van Gaal's side in the 32nd minute. Manchester United right back Rafael had to be taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury. Adnan Januzaj was also taken off with an injury during the reserve encounter. Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans made their United debuts.
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's progress in the Champions League shows you don't need to buy big in order to achieve success. The French club are third in Ligue 1 and face Juventus in the quarter-finals on Wednesday. The principality club are bidding to reach the semi-finals for the first time in 11 years. Juventus are 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A standings.
Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the Champions League last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round. Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone believes English football needs to wake up after this seasons poor showing in Europe. He believes that Spain is still home to the two best teams in Europe - Real Madrid and Barcelona. Gareth Bale will miss Wednesday's second leg after picking up an injury against Malaga. Karim Benzema and Luka Modric have also been ruled out.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton. The England right-back is out of contract at the end of the season. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin. The Toffees have joined Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Southampton in the hunt for a new striker. Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare was watched by a number of Premier League clubs on Sunday. The 19-year-old has represented Belgium at Under 18 and 19 level.
Brentford are considering appointing Gianfranco Zola as their new manager. Current boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club next month. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton. Zola was sacked by Cagliari last month after a winless spell in Serie A.
Sam Allardyce believes Rob Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot. Green has won 12 caps for England but made a calamitous error against USA at the 2010 World Cup. The QPR goalkeeper was released by West Ham due to financial constraints. Green faces his old club at Loftus Road on Saturday as QPR bid to avoid the drop.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week. Manchester United and Liverpool are both interested in signing the Holland winger. PSG are understood to have made a significantly better offer than Liverpool. Click here for more transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 1-0 at the Bernabeu. Javier Hernandez scored the winner with just two minutes left to play. The on-loan Mexican striker celebrated on his own after the goal. Thierry Henry has hit out at the way Hernandez celebrated his winner. But former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher has backed his team-mate.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar when he joined the club. The Uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona since joining the club this season. Barca face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Thierry Henry has responded to critics who disagreed with his views on Javier Hernandez's celebration. Former Arsenal striker Henry took exception to Hernandez celebrating 'like he'd won the World Cup' after scoring the winning goal for Real Madrid on Wednesday night. Henry then posted an 84-minute video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on May 29. The Bolton-born fighter has slammed Kell Brook for his recent comments. Brook defends his world welterweight title against Frankie Gavin at Londons 02 Arena on Saturday, May 30 and Sky Sports are expected to screen both events.
Ricky Hatton says Manny Pacquiao has the style to beat Floyd Mayweather. The Hitman also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives the PacMan a massive advantage over the Money Man. Still, Hatton expects Mayweather to 'find a way to win' on May 2 in Las Vegas.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin on May 30 at the O2 in London. The welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for Kevin Mitchell and Lee Selby. Anthony Joshua faces his toughest test to date against Kevin Johnson. Brook beat Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title last month.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in their $300 million mega-fight on May 2. Mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1. But he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport. Muhammad Ali suffered a shock defeat to Leon Spinks in 1978.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will take place on May 2 in Las Vegas. The 30-second advert was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11. It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road. The fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of £102m set by Mayweather's fight with Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez in September 2013.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2. The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it fell through, leaving the boxing world waiting and wondering whether they would ever meet. Freddie Roach believes his man is better equipped to beat Mayweather now than he was in 2010.
The plug was pulled on Manny Pacquiaos last conference call as the Fight of the Century continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune. Bob Arum ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins.
Blackpool chairman Karl Oyston has decided to contest his FA charge for allegedly abusive text messages. Oyston initially had until March 30 to reply, but was granted an extension. His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month and Oyston still faces a ban from football activities. The shocking text messages emerged just before Christmas when he sent a series of vitriolic volleys to fan Stephen Smith.
British boxer Amir Khan has been showing off his lightning quick technique with an impressive party trick using no more than an empty plastic bottle. Bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake. Khan then flipped the empty bottle up, unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air before delivering a knockout blow with a left hook. The 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against Chris Algieri on May 29 at the Barclays Center in New York.
Hull, Leicester and Swansea City are following Poland international winger Maciej Rybus. Stan Ternent, Hull's chief scout has watched the 25-year-old playing for Russian side Terek Grozny. Rybus has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for £3.2million.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for Josh Meekings to be spared a Scottish Cup Final ban despite his controversial handball. The Celtic boss admitted the 2-1 Premiership victory at Dundee had helped him bounce back from what he described as the toughest day of his career at Hampden on Sunday. The fall-out from the Hampden showdown has been dominated by the failure of the match officials to award a penalty. Inverness will learn today whether they have succeeded in overturning the suspension that compliance officer Tony McGlennan offered earlier this week. FIFA vice president Jim Boyce yesterday waded
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer. The Premier League champions need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season. Frank Lampard, Scott Sinclair and Micah Richards will all leave while Richard Wright is expected to follow, and James Milner will decide his fate at the end of the season. Evertons Ross Barkley and John Stones are others constantly mentioned.
Cheltenham Town have two games to preserve their Football League status. Manager Gary Johnson asked his players to sign an A3 sheet of paper. Cheltenham are 23rd in League Two and trail 22nd placed Hartlepool United by a point. Their final two games are against second placed Shrewsbury and 13th placed Wimbledon.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Tottenham's youth system. Their success has led to calls for more youngsters to be promoted. Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players based on past success. Spurs goalkeeper Hugo Lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the Champions League.
Micky Adams has left the club by mutual consent. Tranmere are bottom of the Conference with two games to go. Barnet lead the Conference by one point. Bristol Rovers and Grimsby are in the play-off spots. Eastleigh, Forest Green and Macclesfield will miss out.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent. Rovers are bottom of League Two and two points adrift of safety. Adams failed to show for his post-match press conference after 3-0 loss by Oxford. Fans demonstrated outside the ground, calling for the manager to leave.
Lucas Akins scored both goals in Burton's 2-1 win at Morecambe. Shrewsbury are a win away from a return to League One after beating York. Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth 1-0. Hartlepool lost 3-0 to Luton, Cheltenham were beaten 2-0 at Northampton and Tranmere remain bottom of the table. Carlisle secured their Football League status with two-0 win against Plymouth.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday. The pair will leave the Premier League at the end of the season. Gerrard will join LA Galaxy, with Lampard moving to New York City FC. The duo have won 19 major trophies between them.
Elliot Kear has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh after leaving Bradford at the end of last season. The Wales rugby league international switches back to the code after London Welsh were relegated. 'I'm really pleased to sign the contract and come back to rugby league,' said Kear.
West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is a reported target for Chelsea and Manchester City. The 25-year-old has starred for the Hammers this term, scoring twice. But Sam Allardyce believes he would be better off staying at Upton Park. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid through to the Champions League semi-final. The Mexican striker has scored more goals than Karim Benzema this season. Some believe Hernandez should start more often ahead of Benzema, who is currently out with a knee injury.
Featherstone prop James Lockwood has been given a two-year ban for breaching the Rugby Football League's anti-doping regulations. The 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last November.
Rafael Benitez has been linked with the managerial job at Sampdoria. Sinisa Mihajlovic - the current Blucerchiati boss - is being lined up to replace the Spaniard at Napoli. But the Italian club's president Massimo Ferrero has taken inspiration from a favourite chant of the Goodison Park and Old Trafford terraces.
Rafael Benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the Manchester City job. The Spaniard is out of contract with Napoli at the end of the season. The former Liverpool and Chelsea boss is yet to sign a contract extension. BeniteZ has led Napoli to the Coppa Italia and third in Serie A.
Salford assistant coach Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38. Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford. Salford are without Rangi Chase, Weller Hauraki, Cory Paterson and Darrell Griffin through suspension.
Three cars were broken into during Bradford's defeat by Hull KR. The Bulls are appealing for witnesses to the incident at Odsal Stadium. Bradford say similar incidents have occurred in local car parks. The Championship club are working closely with Bradford Council, Richard Dunn Sports Centre and West Yorkshire Police to get to the bottom of this.
John Helm was commentating on Bradford Citys game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day. Martin Fletcher has done with his book Fifty-Six, the Story of the Bradford Fire. Martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind, but from everything I have been told there isnt a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately. On the contrary, I remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored the only try of the game in extra-time. Leigh Halfpenny kicked 20 points from six penalties and a conversion. Leinster were reduced to 14 men when Ali Williams was sin-binned for taking out Devin Toner in the air. Sean OBrien went over for the Irish province with five minutes remaining.
A new book claims the fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995. Sir Oliver Popplewell's inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand. He stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson.
Gerry Sutcliffe does not believe a new inquiry into the Bradford fire is justified. The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. The judge ruled the fire was started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand. The new claims are contained in the book 'Fifty-Six - The Story of the Bradford Fire' by Martin Fletcher.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985. A book written by Martin Fletcher, a Bradford fan who lost three generations of his family in the blaze, says the incident was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned or associated with the clubs then chairman Stafford Heginbotham.
Paul Smith will fight Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The Liverpool super-middleweight has lost his last two world title challenges. Ward has not fought since defeating Edwin Rodriguez in November. The 31-year-old has won all 27 of his professional fights.
Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. The 37-year-old super-middleweight has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley Stadium in a re-match last May. Froch had hoped to be back in action last month against Chavez but an elbow injury scuppered his plans. Chavez instead took on Fonfara in a light-heavyweight bout at StubHub Center in Carson, California.
Manuel Pellegrini's future at Manchester City is under scrutiny. Patrick Vieira is highly-respected among the City players. City's first-choice managerial option is Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. Click here for Manchester City transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. Cricket flour is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects. On Kickstarter they are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) for the insect-powered protein bar.
Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia. The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda. The earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages, but no one was hurt. An earthflow is a viscous flow of fine-grained materials, such as clay, sand and
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. He was treated at the ground before being airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, psychologists at the University of New South Wales in Australia found. The study, of 150 college students and staff aged 17 to 25, found they read magazines infrequently but checked Facebook every few hours. Women preferred Facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare their looks with peers similar to them.
A video has emerged showing Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. The video was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung. 'We are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage,' the company said in a statement.
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. The Flex Cam is a stadium tradition in which a camera rolls around the audience so that they can display their muscles.
The 40-second-video was recorded by Haim Kaplan at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. The driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him. Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California, and a regular guest on The Doctors talk show. But online she is known simply as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. One of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused, along with two others, of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet. The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat. Mrs Klein said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacker her 'didn't learn any lessons' on hearing news of one of the student's alleged bullying this week.
The craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square. The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look. Pictures of doe-eyed dogs with their shapely new cuts have proved popular online. Many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes and shares on social media sites.
Chan and Sukumaran are set to face the firing squad alongside eight other drug felons as soon as all appeals have concluded. The pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals. President Widodo said he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals.
A 70-year-old man has been bitten by a crocodile while playing golf in Queensland. The man was bitten on the leg at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course. He was treated at the scene before being taken to Mossman District Hospital. The victim, John Lahiff, has spoken out from his hospital bed at Cairns Base Hospital. He believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole. The golfer received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. Clive Palmer, who owns the golf course, gave the victim advice on how to
The Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today. It is located in the Murodo-daira area of Japan, which experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world. Over a million people visit the walls every year, although this dropped to 910,000 last year. Sights along the 37km route include Kurobe Dam, hot springs and the Hida Mountains.
Dating back to the 11th century A.D., the town was formerly owned by the Benedictine abbey of San Pietro dei Monti in the 1100s. Seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to flee their homes more than 60 years ago. The town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in Italy and folklore suggests that the area is haunted.
Manchester City are four points clear and have a superior goal difference. The long-term plan is plain: Pep Guardiola, at his convenience, probably in 2016. Yet where will City be by then? An overhaul of playing personnel is due, but there has been scant evidence Manuel Pellegrini or director of football Txiki Begiristain are adept at identifying replacements.
The Welsh fort, which defended Britain from French invasion, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea. Currently, the fort on St Catherine's Island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day. Developer Peter Prosser wants to make the island accessible to sightseers in order for them to explore the fort, built in 1867.
The bizarre slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California by video maker Scott Kaiser. The bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak. On display appears to be the pelicans tongue and, quite bizarrely, some inner bill anatomy.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing to a series of songs from Michael Jacksons Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough to Pharrel Williams' Happy. Original video shows the postman exiting his vehicle and gyrating with customer Nichola Sullings 57, of Exeter. The video concludes with Adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie before heading back to his Royal Mail van.
Patrick Miller and Damien Rigden stayed at a family-run hotel in Cyprus. They thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights. But the pair were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever. Patrick said the hotel was 'horrendous', but they decided to stay as it was just for a couple of days. He said staff were friendly but they spoke very little English.
Julie Stauch and married couple Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in on the video announcing Clinton's 2016 bid. They are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement, to Spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job. But far from being 'everyday Americans', they are directly involved with the Democrat party - just like campaigners Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson.
Jack Wilshere met Pele at the launch of 10Ten Talent on Thursday. The Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour to interview the legendary Pele' Pele has acknowledged that last year's World Cup was a 'disaster' for Brazil but is not surprised how quickly the likes of Oscar and Ramires have bounced back in the Premier League.
Museum will be dedicated exclusively to the New York director. Hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja. The 17th-century building, in Spain's second largest city, dates from 1883. It is thought a competition will decide what project is set in the building.
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. Shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. While the rubber may well be more comfortable than the floor, the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze.
Former England rugby captain Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity. The plane was forced to make an emergency landing due to poor visibility. Moody and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident. The team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25C and -50C as well as dragging 60kg sledges.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sat opposite Eric Ko of the Dogaroo centre in Hong Kong. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively. The dog waits for the trainer to say one and complete a press-up before following suit and completing one of its own.
Study found cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. A knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and water rushing together causes a white flash. The experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and a study co-author's finger.
Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild. The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches into the barrel too far and gets its head stuck. The lion reacts in panic and attempts to flick the barrel from its head by running around. The video concludes with the lion looking well and truly fed up as it lies on the ground, exhausted by its failed attempts to break free.
Cats and People is based in Moscow and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea. Customers are allowed to adopt the cats, should they strike up a rapport with a feline over a piece of cake, but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped.
Comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl', who travels to 'Sweden' to compete in Xtreme Verbier. Video has received more than 300,000 views on YouTube since late March. Some viewers said they were offended or didn't find the humour in the show's depiction of Americans on the slopes.
Michael Carrick has made nine competitive starts for England. The majority have been ordinary at best. England have won just four competitive matches when Carrick started. Carrick played against Ecuador at the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for the quarter-final with Portugal. He was also part of unconvincing performances in Poland and Montenegro under Roy Hodgson.
Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. The group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas.
The England cricket team's involvement with multi-billion-pound fraudster Allen Stanford has been defended by Sir Curtly Ambrose. Ambrose was one of the West Indies stars, along with Sir Viv Richards and Richie Richardson, who accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to the Lord's nursery ground in 2008. The new ECB president Giles Clarke did not want to discuss the Stanford legacy saying it was a long time ago.
Sky Sports drastic cost-cutting across the board after paying £11million a match to retain Premier League rights is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield. Sky say that their recommendations, including shortening the time between games, would have raised the profile of an historic competition that first took place in 1925. BT Sport are to broadcast the inaugural European Games in Baku in June. Pele will enjoy a short stopover in London on Thursday.
Premier League have turned down a bid from Guinness to replace Barclays as the title sponsor. The league's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m-a-season from 2016. Sky Sports petty refusal to let pundit Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy doesnt mean that an Arsenal legend will not do the honours. Gary Neville was keen enough to meet up with the class of 92 for a birthday party in honour of Nicky Butts wife Shelly at a London casino.
ECB are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket to replace the axed Paul Downton. The main problem is that the job description has yet to be fixed. The severe cuts that Sky have been forced to make since agreeing their £11m-a-match Premier League deal is apparent even in the Caribbean. Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities.
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in WA's Kimberley region in 2011. The motivational speaker said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal during a speech on Wednesday. Ms Pitt also revealed she ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured. The revelation follows after she successfully underwent reconstructive surgery to rebuild a nose.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the clubs transfer and contract negotiator. She is confirmed to speak for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the Leaders brand on May 21. The club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure last October of CEO Ron Gourlay.
Departing ECB chairman Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke confronted guest speaker Ehsan Mani and Sportsmail's Lawrence Booth during the dinner. Sky Sports have refused to allow their pundit Thierry Henry to present AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown. Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the womens Boat Race on BBC.
Arsenal players are choosing to employ relatives as their agents. FIFA washed their hands of attempts to regulate middle-men. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlains father Mark, the former England international, is acting as his representative since Alex split from Impact Sports Management. Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management, whose head of talent ID is his stepfather Steve Moss.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping troubled England batsman Jonathan Trott focused in the Caribbean. Trott has made a nightmare return to the Test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the Ashes tour. It is understood that Trott is having regular Skype sessions with Peters from the team hotel. Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground.
ECB chairman Colin Graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for England. Former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart are among the front-runners for the job. Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters is credited with having helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena.
England batting coach Graham Thorpe signed a form supporting UKIP a year ago. Thorpe admits his UKIP backing was gained while he was under the influence of alcohol. Other big-name cricketers who have been linked with UKIP are Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott but both deny any association. Derek Pringle, a top cricket writer, has been approached about becoming cricket consultant of Oman.
Rival clubs claim QPR are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions. Jim Rodwells departure from Notts County to become chief executive of Scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a League One representative as Rodwell cannot automatically keep his place. League One clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat  Rodwell and former Manchester United director Maurice Watkins, now chairman of Barnsley. Watkins is a sports lawyer and his firm Brabners are representing QPR over their considerable FFP troubles. Raheem Sterling
Sky Sports will pay £11million a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016. Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - Fit for the Future This will see Sky concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming. FA continue to micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches.
Jose Mourinho has issued a gentle warning to Chelsea's next generation of exciting starlets that he cannot absorb them all into his first-team squad. 'I cannot have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids,' said Mourinho, as his club prepare for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final, at Manchester City. The Under 19s won the UEFA Youth League last week and the Under 18s will attempt to defend the Youth Cup. John Terry was the last truly successful youth product at Chelsea and he has gone on to become captain.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings. The officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball. In February, the International Football Board gathered in Belfast supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving trials. Despite cases also being forwarded by the SFA and Irish FA to at least take the matter further, FIFA kicked the matter into the long grass.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as two of his most bright players. Van Gaal demands a level of 'football intelligence' from his players at Manchester United. United now have a eight-point cushion over Liverpool and are in good shape to make the Champions League.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen. Emilio Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league title.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than Mario Balotelli at Liverpool. Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice. Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez departed, and those mistakes look set to cost them their place in the top four. For Brendan Rodgers' sake whoever is in charge of sorting out Sterling's new contract this summer needs to get it right.
Alastair Cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series to stop the mood for change in English cricket claiming him as its next victim. Peter Moores under pressure himself after the sacking of Paul Downton as managing director. Moores remains steadfast in his backing for Cook and is adamant he will turn things round in Grenada, starting on Tuesday, and in Barbados.
Arsenal have 15 wins from 17 games since losing to Southampton on New Year's Day. Arsene Wenger's side are favourites to win the Premier League this season. But the Gunners need to show some balls and cope better when the pressure is on. Wenger needs to make the most of his £8m a year as the fourth-highest-paid football manager in the world.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. The Hoops were left outraged by referee Steven McLean's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by Josh Meekings. Caley Thistle went on to win the game after extra-time and denied Rory Delia's men the chance to secure a domestic Treble this season.
Inverness defender Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final. Warren picked up his second booking of the competition in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic  meaning automatic suspension for the season finale. The 30-year-old also missed last year's League Cup Final for the same reason. Warren feels that the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is 'ridiculous'
Alastair Cook says England will leave Antigua with 'a bit of a downer on' after failing to force victory in the first Test against the West Indies. The tourists, chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012, were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. In the end they could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed on day five as Holder's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven.
Michael Carrick signed for Manchester United for £18million in 2006. Sir Alex Ferguson trusted him in midfield and United dominated. Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not. Carrick has a 100 per cent record with England at the World Cup. He's won four Premier League titles, a Champions League, and played in two other Champions League finals.
Jack Grealish had a hand in Christian Benteke's equaliser. The 19-year-old also set up Fabian Delph's winner for Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood says G realish has a 'big future' at the club. The youngster was noticeable for having his socks rolled down.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored the goals for Villa. Tim Sherwood's side will now face Arsenal in the final next month. Delph says it will be a dream come true to walk out as Villa captain.
Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe about their professional responsibilities and urged them to learn from a chastening week. Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday. Then 24 hours later pictures emerged of Sterling and Ibe with shisha pipes. Ibe was present among the Reds squad during their training session on Friday ahead of their FA Cup semi against Aston Villa.
James Anderson took his 384th Test wicket to break Sir Ian Botham's record. Anderson's parents Michael and Catherine and his wife Daniella were in Antigua for his 100th Test. West Indies captain Jason Holder made his maiden Test century at No 8. England had to settle for a draw in the first Test against West Indies. England bowled West Indies out for 252 in their first innings.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 at the Parc des Princes. Goals from Neymar, Luis Suarez and Jordi Alba secured the win. PSG's Thiago Silva was forced off with a hamstring injury and replaced by David Luiz, who had a torrid time.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net with five minutes left on the clock. But the linesman wrongly flagged the Italian offside. Brendan Rodgers said it was a'very poor decision' by Michael Oliver's assistant referee.
England are set to lose their fourth Champions League spot in the coming years. Italy are likely to out-score England by at least four points this season. If Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina win all their remaining games possible, Italy will go into next season within 0.1 points of England. A repeat of this season would see them overtake England in third place next season.
Diego Costa was expected to be out for a month with a hamstring injury. But Jose Mourinho says the striker's recovery is going well. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Mourinho also hinted that Loic Remy could return from a calf injury. The Blues currently lead the Premier League by seven points.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's men are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's United have won four games in a row without Angel di Maria. Juan Mata could return to haunt his former club after being pushed out. Radamel Falcao and Juan Cuadrado will again be on the bench.
Jose Mourinho believes Manchester United will not be weakened by injury problems when they play Chelsea. Louis van Gaal will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind at Stamford Bridge. 'I disagree because their squad is amazing, in numbers, players, experience, solutions,' said the Chelsea manager. Mourinho and Van Gaal have a close relationship, dating back to the time when they worked together at Barcelona.
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer. The 47-year-old German will seek a new challenge with a move to the Premier League likely. Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion. The news will have Arsenal and Manchester City, among others, on alert.
Manchester City and Chelsea are set to battle it out for West Ham left-back Aaron Cresswell. The 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the Premier League since leaving Ipswich last summer. City are desperate to add to their quota of English players with the likes of James Milner on the brink of leaving the club. Tottenham full back Danny Rose is also under consideration from City.
Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Manchester United players ruled out of the clash with Chelsea. Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders, and with Jonny Evans completing his six-match ban. Jones and Blind both have ankle injuries while Carrick limped out of that game with a tight calf and Rojo later reported a stomach muscle problem. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinhos side.
Nico Rosberg finished second in the Chinese Grand Prix. The German complained about Lewis Hamilton in the press conference. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations. Rosberg responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying' after he complained about his team-mate.
Juan Mata was substituted by Jose Mourinho on New Year's Day last year. The Spaniard was visibly distraught despite the consolatory efforts of Michael Essien behind him. 16 months later, Mata was an altogether different kind of substitution in the 81st minute of last Sunday's Manchester derby. He received a standing ovation and a pat on the back from Ryan Giggs. In his last five games, the Spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the Premier League:. Mata is performing at the peak of his powers.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal at Crystal Palace. The 25-year-old has impressed at both left and right back this season. Ward has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign. He cites the influence of manager Alan Pardew as a major factor in his decision.
Paris Saint-Germain take on Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final. PSG have been stripped by suspension of two key players, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti. Thiago Motta is injured, while David Luiz is also a major doubt. Edinson Cavani knows the spotlight will be shining on him this evening.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship. Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third. Rosberg accused Hamilton of compromising his strategy and putting him under unnecessary pressure from Ferrari's Vettel. Hamilton defended himself saying: 'I wasn't controlling his race, I was controlling my own race'
Cesc Fabregas scored in the 88th minute to secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road. Jose Mourinho's side are now seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea had only one shot on target, an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of Eden Hazard, Willian and substitute Oscar. QPR's Joey Barton was everywhere for the visitors, but Ramires failed to have much impact.
Niki Lauda is fully expecting Nico Rosberg to turn 'nasty' at some stage after accusing the German of being 'egocentric b*******' Hamilton spearheaded a Mercedes one-two at the Shanghai International Circuit, claiming his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory. Rosberg effectively accused Hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference after the reigning champion slowed in the middle stint of the race to preserve his soft tyres.
Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen were forced to retire after engine failures. Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One unless Renault raised their game. Renault boss Cyril Abiteboul has vowed there will be 'no surrender' in a bid to right their current wretched wrongs.
Manchester City are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. Sergio Aguero, David Silva, Joe Hart and Yaya Toure could miss out on a big payday if City fail to reach the group stages of Europe's top competition. Manuel Pellegrini's side are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of main rivals Liverpool after defeat in the Manchester derby.
Cesc Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City last Saturday. The Spaniard took a hit to the face from Charlie Adam's forearm minutes before the Scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at Stamford Bridge. Sportsmail exclusively revealed the shield Fabreg as would wear against QPR on Wednesday. The mask was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan, and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.
Vincent Kompany was wanted by Manchester United when he was 17-years-old. The Manchester City captain says his mother stopped the move. Sir Alex Ferguson wanted to take the Belgian international to Old Trafford. But his mother insisted he finish his A-levels before moving to England.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral. The former Australia captain and legendary broadcaster died on Wednesday at the age of 84 following a battle with skin cancer. State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians. Benaud was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests.
Richie Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge. He won 63 Test caps between January 1952 and February 1964, collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin. Benaud also penned a regular column for the News of the World, taking his place among the hacks to craft his copy whenever a Test match was going on. After his playing career, Benaud forged an incredibly successful career as a cricket commentator.
Manchester United beat City 1-0 in the'mini-derby' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a delightful free-kick. The result leaves United two points behind leaders Middlesbrough. City have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series.
Jacques Burger will be available to face Clermont Auvergne on April 18. The Namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a Champions Cup disciplinary hearing on Thursday. Burger had been cited by the match commissioner for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris. Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership appointment with play-off rivals Leicester at Allianz Park.
Richie Benaud, who died last night aged 84, was the voice of cricket. He played in 64 Tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s. He began broadcasting for the BBC while still a player in 1963 and carried on until a car crash forced him out of the commentary box in 2013. It was hoped he would still be able to commentate on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand earlier this year.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Benaud spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight, authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe. Sportsmail recalls 10 of his finest moments from his broadcasting career.
Elliot Daly has been named the Aviva Premierships player of the month for March. The Wasps centre scored two tries in March as the Coventry-based club maintained on course for a Champions Cup spot next season. Daly's form at centre has him pushing incumbent England No 13 Jonathan Joseph hard for his place.
Faulkner will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will play in the Red Rose's first four LV= County Championship matches before joining the Australia squad. Faulkner was named man of the match as his country beat New Zealand to win the World Cup last month.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of England cricket. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role. Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Thursday.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on loan from Atletico Madrid last summer. The Belgian defender has been in superb form for Ronald Koeman's side. Manchester City and Tottenham have been linked with a move for him. But he is determined to complete Southampton's'special season'
Saracens face Clermont Auvergne in the Champions Cup semi-final on April 18. Owen Farrell has been out of action since he suffered a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in January. Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations with Bath's George Ford filling the number 10 shirt.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University. The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England after last year's Ashes whitewash. He has given up a lucrative deal with Indian Premier League side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey as he bids to win back his England spot.
Shane Warne paid tribute to Richie Benaud, calling him the 'godfather of cricket' Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956. He was also a trailblazing all-rounder who took 228 wickets and scored 2,201 runs in 68 Tests while never losing a series in charge of his country.
Harry Kane has become the Premier League's youngest captain this season. At just 21 years and 251 days, the Tottenham striker led out his side for the first time during their dour goalless draw against Burnley on Easter Sunday. That came after he scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27.
Juventus' Champions League semi-final with Real Madrid has been likened to a pair of films. Tuttosport compare the clash to 'Star Wars' complete with Cristiano Ronaldo and Mauro Icardi brandishing lightsabers. La Gazzetta dello Sport are equally bold in their conviction that the Old Lady can overcome the holders. Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona.
Turkish Airlines flight TK 1878 from Milan to Istanbul made an emergency landing at Ataturk Airport after its engine caught fire. The Airbus A320 aircraft's passengers were evacuated safely, and there are no reported injuries from the 97 on board. It is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing, that led to the right hand side fire.
Ross Barkley has been linked with a move to Manchester City. Everton team-mate Gareth Barry believes it is too early for the 21-year-old to leave Goodison Park. Barry spent four seasons at the Etihad before arriving on Merseyside. Everton face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Tareq Kamleh has been identified as the Australian doctor featured in the latest ISIS propaganda video. The young doctor, who refers to himself as Abu Yusuf, has been hailed the 'new face' of the Islamic State. He was known to practice medicine in Adelaide, Mackay and finally in Perth before he took up working for IS. A former college from Adelaide Hospital also came forward reporting that he recognised KamleH in the footage immediately. Dr Stephen Napoli, co-owner of the Mannum Medical Centre in South Australia, said the 'intelligent' doctor had interned with him for 10 weeks back
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle against parotid gland cancer. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies from 2008-12. Barcelona players were among hundred who gathered at Barcelona Cathedral to pay tribute to Vilanova.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January. The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench in recent matches. It has been suggested that Inter are looking to offload the attacking midfielder at the end of the season. But Roberto Mancini has rubbished the speculation.
Sunderland beat Newcastle United 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby. Jermain Defoe scored the only goal of the game at the Stadium of Light. Newcastle have now lost their last five derbies in all competitions. The Magpies returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has admitted he would 'love' to be the presenter of Top Gear. The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars. He has appeared as a guest on the show in the past. O' Sullivan is looking for his sixth world title this year at the Crucible.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season. United currently sit third in the Premier League, 11 points behind leaders Chelsea. Young has praised Louis van Gaal's managerial style and desire to bring back success to the club. The 29-year-old has played a prominent role for United this season.
David Cameron made an embarrassing gaffe at an event in south London. The PM claimed to be a West Ham fan - despite previously supporting Aston Villa. Cameron has since apologised, blaming a bout of 'brain fade' The Tory leader was overjoyed when Villa reached the FA Cup final.
Diego Costa has not featured for Chelsea since going off injured against Stoke on April 4. Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costas fitness, but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the Emirates Stadium. Loic Remy is also out of the match leaving Didier Drogba as Chelsea's only fit senior striker.
Adam Johnson, 27, will appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20. He has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. The Premier League winger was arrested at his mansion in County Durham on March 2. Johnson has represented England at under-19 and under-21 level.
Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber attended the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart on Monday. Defending champion Maria Sharapova is top seed at the clay court tournament. World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India  documented at 6ft (1.8m) in the Limca Book of Records. Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m)  more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel does not intend to rest on her laurels and has ambitions of becoming a Guinness World Record holder.
Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy. It is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position. The 12-year-old was a pupil at Stanground Academy in Peterborough. His leg was trapped for more than half an hour down the hole.
Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne. Former greats Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta also played and scored. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang shone the brightest as he grabbed a hat-trick during his sides 9-7 defeat.
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season after overtures from Republic of Ireland and England. The situation is described as 50/50 at this stage, with the 19-year-old having taken time out from national duty seven months ago. Gareth Southgate made contact about a year ago and last October made public his desires to include G realyish in his England Under-21 side. Ireland became aware of his heritage  his father Kevins parents are from Kerry and Galway  after scout Mark O Toole spotted him playing at the Nike Premier Cup.
Ann Price, the creator of the world famous Ghetto Burger, has died at the age of 72. The Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in America. Price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself.
Eugenie Bouchard lost to Alexandra Dulgheru and Andreea Mitu in Fed Cup. The 21-year-old refused to shake the hand of her opponent before the match. The Canadian was mocked at home and abroad over the incident. Bouchar reached last year's Wimbledon final, where she lost to Petra Kvitova.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title. Gary Neville feels Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez, but that he is not as ruthless as the rest. Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space' by comparison.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered Bank. The partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season. The financial terms of the agreement remained confidential. Reports have suggested the current deal is worth around £20million a season.
David Ospina lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar. Laurent Koscielny cruised through the first half owing to Chelsea playing with no striker. John Terry and Gary Cahill did well to prevent Olivier Giroud from becoming a threat. Eden Hazard was unusually quiet, with Arsenal keeping a close eye on him. Oscar should have won a penalty for Chelsea, but his lob was cleared off the line.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford next year. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue to pass on savings to fans. The new TV deal starts in 2016 after Sky and BT agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights and there will be another auction over the summer.
Lewis Hamilton won his third grand prix of the season in Bahrain. The 30-year-old extended his lead in the Formula One championship. Hamilton's younger brother Nicolas suffers from cerebral palsy. Nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship starting in June.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. The two fighters spent time with their families over the weekend. Mayweather has been dating Doralie Medina since last year. Pacquila was joined in Los Angeles by his ever-expanding family; wife Jinkee and their five children.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool in an FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool but picked himself up each time. He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits. Man United legend George Best also wore his socks round his ankles with GrealISH deciding to do the same. The Villa youngster and his model girlfriend Sasha Attwood have been together since the age of 14.
Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Ashley Young met sick supporters. The Manchester United players were part of the Manchester United Foundation 'Dream Day' Louis van Gaal and his players also signed memorabilia for the fans. United travel to Goodison Park to take on Everton on Sunday.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was speaking to by referee Olivier Marteel during his second round match against Matthew Stevens at the Crucible. The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead. But he was also warned about his behaviour by the referee.
Video shows 20 men wearing desert camouflage carrying out rifle routine. Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen claim to have established a 'caliphate' in Yemen. The nine-minute clip is similar to propaganda videos released by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, appearing to be shot and edited using professional equipment. Comes after months of conflict which has seen Iran-backed Houthi rebels fight both the government and local Al Qaeda affiliates.
Abby Bishop took in her two-day-old niece Zala in August 2013. Now Zala is 20 months old and follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA. Bishop has had to make a lot of adjustments to her life  including getting used to a lack of sleep.
Javier Hernandez scored twice in Real Madrid's 4-2 win over Celta Vigo. The on-loan Manchester United striker has now scored six goals in eight games. Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is 'non-negotiable' on current form. The win keeps Real two points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Juventus lost 2-1 at local rivals Torino in the Serie A derby on Sunday. Andrea Pirlo gave Juve the lead with a stunning free-kick in the first-half. Matteo Darmian and Fabio Quagliarella scored for the home side. Juve could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive Serie A title with a victory.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport. He was accused of writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced. The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar, which is part-owned by the Dubai government. Haye has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates, forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham at the weekend.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year. Eden Hazard, Nemanja Matic, Philippe Coutinho and Alexis Sanchez all feature. Tottenham's Harry Kane is the only English attacking player in the XI. Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea is named goalkeeper.
Daley Blind was given a large self-portrait of himself by his parents. The Manchester United star posted a picture of the painting on Instagram. The 25-year-old has been a key figure for Louis van Gaal's side this season. United face Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday afternoon.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Arsenal supporters upon his return to the Emirates. However when the Chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause. Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23. A host of international footballers took to social media to celebrate. Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie, his face painted with the St George's cross. Former England captain Rio Ferdinand also reminisced on a goal celebration from May 2003, after England had scored against South Africa.
Ronnie OSullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the Crucible on Tuesday. The Rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this years Betfred World Championship in Sheffield. But he played the sixth frame in his socks after removing some new shoes, complaining about a painful big toe. O'Sullivan could now face a fine after breaching snooker's strict dress code.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to their third successive Premier League loss at the home of the Toffees. After the match, Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire. Gary Neville concurs with Van Gaal's assessment, saying it was the Old Trafford outfit's worst performance in the last five or six weeks.
Model and environmental scientist Laura Wells has launched a new swimwear line. The eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material. The collection is inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout. The swimsuits cater for every shape, with sizes ranging from 10 through to 24.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park. James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored for the Toffees. Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's commitment. Defender Chris Smalling said United were'second best from first minute until last'
Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers stream the mega-fight between Floyd Mayweather and Many Pacquiao for free using recent live streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat. In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 (£59) - $99.99 to watch the fight while in Britain Sky is offering the bout for £19.99. The NFL recently reminded journalists that 'any unauthorised use of any transmission, picture or other depiction or description of game action, game information, player interview or other arena activity is prohibited' HBO issued take down notices last week after the
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho has branded Arsenal's 11-year wait for the title as 'boring' The Blues are 10 points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League with five games to play. Mourinho heaped special praise on his captain John Terry for his 'fantastic' performance.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as the German giants bid to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's side raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate. Robben was unavailable for the encounter with an abdominal injury.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in the Champions League on Wednesday. Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winner in the 88th minute at the Bernabeu. The Portuguese star took off his training shirt after his shot hit a supporter. The young Madridista was overcome with emotion at the kind act.
Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola wore a t-shirt demanding justice for the journalist who died at last summers World Cup. Guardiola was sporting the top - which read #JusticiaParaTopo - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League. UEFA have charged Guardiola for an incident of a non-sporting nature
Wayne Rooney suffered a knee injury during Manchester United's defeat by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. The England international was replaced by Robin van Persie in the closing stages of the Premier League clash and was seen receiving treatment on the bench. Louis van Gaal confirmed after the game that Rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity.
Harry Kane has been in superb form for Tottenham this season. The 21-year-old has scored 30 goals in all competitions for the club. Kane also scored on his senior England debut against Lithuania. The Tottenham striker was shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford at England Rugby's training centre in Bagshot. Nowell did hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice. However, when the competition started proper it was his team-mate Ford who came closest with an effort that skimmed the bar.
Oscar collided with Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina in the 16th minute. The creative midfielder was taken to hospital at half time for checks. Jose Mourinho said Oscar was taken off due to 'possible concussion' Didier Drogba replaced the Brazilian at the break. Jamie Carragher, Graeme Souness and Thierry Henry said it should have been a penalty.
Chris Hala'ufia was sent off for a brutal attack on Leicester forward Laurence Pearce during Saturday's Aviva Premiership clash. The Tongan number eight halted Pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf. Leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh.
Emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled in Mexico City. Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show. Boxing fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight, over an Onyx belt of a more unusual design.
Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari has called for the flag to be taken down from the Ken Friar Bridge at the Emirates Stadium. Former Arsenal star Cesc Fabregas is set to start against his former club on Sunday. The 27-year-old made 303 appearances for the Gunners between 2003 and 2011.
Ian Poulter shared an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. The English golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past. Robin van Persie is one of several Premier League players who have used horse placenta massages to aid recovery.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 in the Stuttgart Grand Prix final on Sunday. The German came from a set down to win her second title of the season. Kerber, ranked 14th in the world, completed a memorable week where she beat top seed Maria Sharapova and sixth seed Ekaterina Makarova.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. The 27-year-old bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate in Canterbury, Austalia. Shinn's elastic in his pants gave way as he attempted to ride Miss Royale to victory.
Chelsea Fans Channel prank comes just days before Premier League clash with Arsenal at Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Four fans dressed as Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas before parking up outside Arsenal's north London home. Blues fans display large blue and white letters in front of a concrete Arsenal sign before it eventually reads 'Chelsea' Several blue smoke bombs are then released by the practical jokers before they make a swift exit in their white van.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his trousers. The former Barcelona boss joked: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match' Bayern booked a place in the Champions League semi-finals.
The man, known only as Jason, from Vancouver, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed the stomach-churning moment. It begins with him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. He lays his left arm down on some kitchen roll on a table so the lump is easily accessible. His sister-in-law then inserts the needle into the cyst and holds it in place with a pair of pliers as he winces. She then begins the horrifying process of hammering the needle deeper into the growth. Sharp cries of pain are heard from Jason with each hit.
Tiger Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7. The 14-time major winner has played just three tournaments so far this year. Woods will be back at the TPC Sawgrass, allaying fears over a wrist injury. The former world No 1 met up with Yao Ming at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai.
Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel on Saturday night. The Chelsea striker helped raise a staggering £400,000 for his Foundation. The money will be used to open a medical clinic in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. The Ivorian was joined on stage by team-mates Eden Hazard and Petr Cech, as well as singer Christina Milian.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer. Jack defeated Anthony Dirrell on points on Friday night at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago. Groves took to Instagram to reveal his winning bet on Jack to to win by a points decision or via a technical one.
All 16 teams in the Championnat National de Premiere Division are in with a shout of winning the championship. Just 11 points separate leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey. Last year's champions USM Algier are just four points off the top. Three teams will be relegated to the second division.
Daniel Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to Hull City on Tuesday night. Brendan Rodgers is unsure whether the England international will play again this season. Sturridge missed five months with calf and thigh issues and is now battling to overcome a hip problem sustained in the 2-1 defeat to Manchester United on March 22. Rodgers is keen on signing Memphis Depay this summer.
Romeo, 12, completed the three-mile mini-marathon on Sunday. Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race, raising £6,000 for charity. It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
Steven Gerrard's time at Liverpool will now end in anti-climax. The chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos, many of them as a substitute. Gerrard was poor throughout, unable to shift the momentum of a Liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club's recent years. Without a trophy for the third season running, this is a campaign that must now be labelled a failure.
Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s. Chelsea boss was joined by his son Jose Junior at Motspur Park. Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final. Chelsea are closing in on their first Premier League title since 2010.
PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona in the Champions League last 16 second leg. Edinson Cavani has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The 28-year-old has scored 18 goals for the Ligue 1 side this season. Manchester United are said to be monitoring his situation closely.
Brendan Rodgers is hoping Memphis Depay will choose Liverpool. Manchester United remain favourites to land the Holland international. PSV Eindhoven have also spoken to the 21-year-old. Rodgers would neither confirm nor deny Liverpools interest. Liverpool were given permission by PSV to hold with Depay.
Floyd Mayweather pays up to $1,000 per plate when food is cooked for him by Chef Q. Adrien Broner has also been cooking for the undefeated boxer. Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet. Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM in Las Vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football' Chelsea captain admits Jose Mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after Christmas. Mourinho's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal and left the field to chants of 'boring, boring Chelsea' Terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager Jose Mourinho after the game.
St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson threw a pole at John McGinn in jest. The Scotland Under 21 player was stabbed in the leg by the pole. McGinn is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season. Thompson subsequently scored two goals in Saints 4-1 win over Kilmarnock.
Paula Radcliffe won her third and final London Marathon on Sunday. The 41-year-old ran a time of 2:36.55 in her final competitive race. Radcliffe set the 26.2mile world record in 2003 in 2:15.25. The Ethiopian Tigist Tufa became the third woman to win the race.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at the Allianz Arena. Klopp has confirmed he will be leaving Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Guardiola has a contract until the summer of 2016. Bayern face former club Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday.
James McCarthy opened the scoring for Everton in the fifth minute at Goodison Park. John Stones doubled the Toffees' lead in the 35th minute with a superb header. Kevin Mirallas completed the scoring in the 74th minute after Romelu Lukaku had been ruled out for offside.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Thomas Muller scored his 27th goal in the Champions League. The 25-year-old engaged in a raucous exchange with Bayern supporters after the game. The Germany international used a megaphone to stir up the fans.
The MGM Grand will host the biggest boxing contest ever on Saturday night. The hotel expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event itself. A convoy of trucks is already delivering the first consignments of half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate, who are paying more than $5million (£3.3m) to be one of the fight's sponsors.
Liverpool fans will stage a protest on Tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the Barclays Premier League. The die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country are staying away from The KC Stadium after Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets. Last season, the same seats were sold for £35. Stoke fans were charged £16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August and Evertonians were charge £35 for seats at The KC stadium in December.
James Haskell posted the photo on his Instagram page on Thursday. The London Wasps captain was dressed as Robert Downey Jr.'s character Iron Man. The highly-anticipated movie premiered at Westfield London shopping centre on Tuesday evening. The flanker returned to Wasps for the 2012 season after spells with Stade Francais, Ricoh Black Rams and Highlanders in New Zealand.
Andy Carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton and won't be available for the rest of the season. The 26-year-old has been plagued with injuries since joining West Ham permanently in 2013. Carroll will not have a break over the summer but will continue working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are nine days away from their fight. The pair have been rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous. Mayweather welcomed Mariah Carey to his gym in Las Vegas. Carey has long been a fan of Mayweather having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to help launch the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 Graphic. The square pitch had four different goals that opened and closed to make it harder for the players. The Manchester City striker has been in good form this season despite his injury problems.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina. The world No 1 agreed to an arm wrestle with 17-year-old Brad Dalke. Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page with the note, 'Sorry Rory' Dalke will join Oklahoma University in the autumn after graduating a year early from high school.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2. The Manchester United loanee now has six goals in eight starts for Real Madrid. He is scoring a goal every 83 minutes with a ratio that is only two minutes short of Barcelona's Lionel Messi who nets once every 81 minutes. Nolito opened the scoring for the visitors before Toni Kroos equalised. James Rodriguez scored Real's third and it was the visitors' first La Liga goal.
John Terry has played in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea this season. The 34-year-old has played 2,970 minutes, scoring three goals along the way as Chelsea sit at the Premier League's summit, 10 points clear of second-placed Manchester City. If Terry manages to make appearances in all of Chelsea's remaining fixtures against Leicester, Crystal Palace, Liverpool, West Brom and Sunderland, he will beat the 37 appearances he made during Chelsea's 2009-10 title winning season.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points at Madison Square Garden. The Ukrainian has confirmed that Tyson Fury will be his next opponent. The 39-year-old says he is ready to travel to England to defend his belts. Fury is mandatory challenger to the WBO belt and is in line for a summer showdown.
Chelsea held Arsenal to a goalless draw at the Emirates on Sunday. The Blues' defence has been the bedrock of Jose Mourinho's side's success. Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history. From the meanest to the most successful, Sportsmail looks at the top four.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar in straight sets to win the Barcelona Open. The Japanese world number five won 6-4 6-4 in the final at the Real Club de Tenis. It was the ninth career title for the top-seeded Japanese. Gerard Pique and Shakira watched the final from the stands.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker in the summer. The Frenchman also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can win the Premier League with the Gunners. Arsenal are currently third in the league, level on points with Manchester City but with a game in hand.
Mick Schumacher makes his debut in the ADAC Formula 4 series in Germany. The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team. He will start 19th in Saturday's first race, and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
Swansea City striker Bafetimbi Gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in France. The French forward suffered the injury during the Swans' 1-1 Premier League draw with Everton earlier this month. Scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke.
Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 at the Santiago Bernabeu. Nolito opened the scoring for the home side before Toni Kroos and Javier Hernandez scored for Real. Santi Mina pulled one back for Celta before James Rodriguez struck to make it 3-2.
Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of Pacquiao T-shirts, boxing gloves, figurines, caps and jackets. Online seller Carolyn Yap-Tan says sales via Ebay have jumped 10 times since February when the megafight, which took five years to arrange, was confirmed. Buyers believe items could at least double in value if he wins.
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all feature in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year. Liverpool top the table with 75 representatives in the best XI since the Premier League began in 1992. Chelsea are third with 29, while Arsenal are second with 42.
The USA have unveiled their new kits for the women's soccer team ahead of the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond, because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red, white and blue. But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative.
The PFA Premier League Team of the Year was unveiled on Sunday night at a glitzy ceremony at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London. The side is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in Englands top flight. Eden Hazard, winner of the individual prize, made the side for the third straight season. But did the professionals get it right? Not according to the EA Sports Performance Index.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture with his 425,000 Instagram followers of him with his wife and daughter on St George's day. The Croatia midfielder has been instrumental for Luis Enrique's La Liga-leading side since signing from rivals Sevilla in June. Barcelona have a two-point lead over Real Madrid in the Spanish league with six games remaining.
Moshin Tanveer handed Louis van Gaal a list of players he'should' sign. The Manchester United supporter suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Van Gaal reads out the names of Mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez. 'You are smart, and a very cheap manager,' the Dutchman says.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates. Jose Mourinho started without a striker for the first half. Eden Hazard, Willian and Oscar interchanged roles to great effect for their boss. The trio have an element of fantasy about their play but Mourinho wants function.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot. The MoS analysis suggests that Qatar spent an astonishing £17.2 billion directly and indirectly on the way to victory. Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar  including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure.
Lunch. Pink top, £125, lkbennett.com. Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com. Sandals, £34, office.co.uk. Clutch bag, £145, russellandbromley.co.,uk. Aurora crystal earrings, £54, qvcuk.com/. Mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com,. Suede courts, £195, lKBennett. com.
Manny Pacquiao appeared in an advert for Foot Locker in November. The Filipino joked about fighting Floyd Mayweather before the deal was signed. Foot Lockers have released a follow-up advert with Pacqiao. The 41-second long advert ends with the Filipino confused over the possibility of facing his long-term rival.
Manchester United have been linked with a move for Edinson Cavani. Louis van Gaal may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell. Cavani hasn't scored as many goals in Ligue 1 as he should have. PSG lost 2-0 to Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals.
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX. Patriots visited the White House to receive congratulations from President Barack Obama. But there was one notable absence from the Patriots squad, with quarterback Tom Brady nowhere to be seen. A spokesman for the Patriots said 'prior family commitments' were the reason why Brady didn't attend the visit.
The Apple Watch Sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet (1.2 metres) The model has an Ion-X glass display which is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact' But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact. By comparison, the Apple Watch, which costs from $549 (£479) and Apple Watch Edition from $12,000 (£8,000) have different screens made of Sapphire glass.
Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner on the same weekend as the FA Cup final. The 30-year-old made an error in extra-time as Reading lost 2-1 to Arsenal at Wembley on Saturday evening. If Reading had reached the final it would have clashed with Federici's wedding in Italy.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip. A long range Chrisitan Benteke strike equalised for Aston Villa. Tim Sherwood's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from Fabian Delph. Aston Villa will face Arsenal in the FA Cup final at Wembley in May.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG. The former Spain international also set the record for the most appearances in the knockout phase of the competition. Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas is in line to equal Xavi's total in both Champions League games and knockout matches if he plays against Atletico. Cristiano Ronaldo will also draw level with Xavi for knockout stage appearances if he features on Wednesday.
Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom. Robert Huth was Leicesters best defender as they scrapped out the 1-0 win at Burnley, which got them out of the relegation zone. Nathan Dyer showed Swansea boss Garry Monk what he'd been missing upon his return from injury.
Watford beat Brighton 2-0 to clinch promotion to the Premier League. Fulham beat Middlesbrough 4-3 in stoppage time at Craven Cottage. Tommie Hoban has called the club's promotion an 'unbelievable achievement' Odion Ighalo says it is a 'dream' to play in the top flight.
EA Sports' new game Rory McIlroy PGA Tour is due out in the shops on July 16. The game offers offers multiple ways to play, including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy. Courses themselves also affect how your shots are played. Firmer, links-style courses like St Andrews will provide more bounce and roll, while softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass will have less bounce and be more receptive to spin.
The gate at Border Field State Park in California was unlocked for Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in the U.S. without documentation. Two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into Mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years.
Jason Denayer has been on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old has been in impressive form for the Hoops. But City want him to spend next season in the English Championship. John Guidetti faces disciplinary action after singing an offensive song about rivals Rangers.
Lewis Hamilton and Olivia Munn film scenes in Rome for Zoolander 2. Hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen. He previously voiced himself in the Disney animation sequel starring Owen Wilson. The plot centres on Derek and Hansel who are modelling again but are the target of an opposing company.
Chris O'Dowd's three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security. The Bridesmaids star expressed his frustration in a tweet that was dripping with sarcasm. The 35-year-old actor mocked the airport, in Crawley, West Sussex.
43% of voters think Ed Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' Only 25% think David Cameron is hungriest for the job, and 13% say neither of them. Just 7% thought Mr Cameron was enjoying the campaign the most out of all the main party leaders.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them. The glamorous Labour councillor said Parliament needed people like her to bring it back down to reality She said she used provocative selfie pictures on Twitter as a way of saying to others: I will not be ashamed about who I am'
Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over the issue of free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. The Fir Park side are set to win powerful backing for their revolt from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian. The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs. Motherwell general manager Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
The London Borough of Barking and Dagenham wants dog owners to submit a DNA sample from the inside of the animal's cheek so it is registered on a database. The council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets. The laboratory testing is believed to be 99.9 per cent accurate. Similar schemes in the US have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent.
Philip Dunning 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours. After hitting the jackpot in Saturday night's Lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting.
Real Madrid face Almeria at the Bernabeu in La Liga. Carlo Ancelotti has made nine changes to the side that beat Barcelona. Cristiano Ronaldo, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale start for the hosts. Real have scored 21 goals in their last four games against the La Liga side.
Saskia's football fan boyfriend made her take an Arsenal test and didn't dump her thanks to her A grade. The test took the form of a school exam, with multiple choice questions, tables to complete, and 'in your own words...' section. Saskia posted snaps of the test to her Twitter account, @saskiaisabxlla, commenting 'Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam!'
Ousman Jatta, 45, married wife Beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago. He moved back to the UK with her when she became ill with dementia in 2006. Mr Jatta had taken her to a care home in February while he went to Africa. But when he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him. He had threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife.
Ronald Butcher left £500,000 to Daniel Sharp after he died in March 2013. The builder became friends with Mr Butcher after clearing his gutters for free. But Mr Butcher's relatives and family friends insist that the will is invalid. They say Mr Sharp is lying about his friendship with the 'private and quiet man'
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. 'All shots were done perfectly. These executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in January,' he said. He declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country, as he dismissed Australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction' Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter Madeleine's disappearance. Lisbon court agreed that Amaral should pay Mr and Mrs McCann ¬250,000 (£179,000) each in damages and banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie. The couple's lawyer Isabel Duarte said Amaral also had been told to pay interest which she said stood at present at ¬106,000 £76,000.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for League One club Oldham Athletic. The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo. But he is actually named after the original Brazilian Ronaldo, rather than Portugal star Cristiano. Ronaldo also has a twin brother called Rivaldo and a younger sister called Trezeguet.
Danny Alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans to cut benefits. Prime Minister 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants. But the Lib Dems hit back, claiming Mr Cameron himself asked officials to examine ways to curb access to benefits. The clash is the worst row between the two former coalition partners and will raise serious doubts about whether they could work together again.
Rodrigo Gularte, 42, asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island. Father Charlie Burrows said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions. The convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate and complained about hearing voices. Gularte was arrested in 2004 on arrival at Jakarta airport with about six kilograms (13 pounds) of cocaine hidden in several surfboards. He was sentenced to death by the Tangerang District Court in February 2005.
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder, 38, were travelling from their home in Punjab, northern India, to visit relatives. A group of about half a dozen men began harassing them. The men grabbed Arshdeep and made several attempts to'molest' her. Mrs Kaur alerted the conductor about the harassment, he joined in and started abusing them both. The assault continued until the bus slowed down and mother and daughter could break free, however as they attempted to get off the bus, they were pushed. The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50
14 soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine in exchange for food. Investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday. French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal. It was made aware of the allegations in July last year when it received a leaked UN report on the subject.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family safely jumped out. That is when he went back out to sea and managed to do the impossible and somehow pilot alone, get out of his suit and jump into the water seconds before the helicopter crashed. Seconds later, he appeared in the water, wearing nothing but his boxer shorts and a shirt. A motorboat was sent out to retrieve him, and moments later
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu after he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from their house.
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death. The 19-year-old victim had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall, London. He had performed a set when a group of men approached them, the court heard. Mr Beatson Asiedu was seen staggering along Goding Street before collapsing in the road. He was pronounced dead at 5.36am, with a post-mortem examination concluding that he had died from a single stab-wound to his heart. A few days after the attack, he phoned a girlfriend and
Real Madrid failed to activate their first option on Javier Hernandez. Manchester United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer which allowed Real Madrid to first loan Hernandez for the season then buy him outright before other clubs could bid. That exclusivity period passed at midnight though and that will open the door for other clubs to bid. West Ham, Southampton, Newcastle and Lazio are all interested in Hernandez.
Carl Thompson, 32, has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years. He is now bed-bound at 65 stone and is too heavy to walk or wash himself. Mr Thompson spends £200 a week on takeaways and online food shopping. He has not had a job since he was 17 when he worked in a food factory. After the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck, but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him. His parents and older sister, aged 10, were outside when the tremor struck and desperately tried to free the little boy from the wreckage. During frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free Sonit, but without specialist equipment it was impossible. But today mother Rasmila Awal told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy when rescuers finally arrived and pulled Sonit from the devastation.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, to sail around the world. Was given a Cal 40 sailboat by a retired professor on the condition that she document her travels. Has travelled 25,000 nautical miles and documented her experiences in a series of photographs.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. Appeared on ITV's This Morning and caught Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden fibbing. Has background in psychology, micro expression training, and neuro linguistic programming. One of the easiest ways to spot a liar is spotting a twitch.
Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed by supporters. Rangers captain Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers. McCall hopes McCulloch will be the last player to get booed.
Ukip leader said he would accept the result and rejected claims his party would become'redundant' as a result. Mr Farage even claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU. Comments come after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced a live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years.
Ukip leader will say boatloads of people from North Africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. He will make comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the Mediterranean. A source close to Mr Farage said he was taking time out from the campaign trail in Britain to focus the election debate on immigration.
Nicola Sturgeon talked up her chances of being Westminster's king-maker. Comes with polls still pointing to another hung parliament following election. Mr Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent Nationalists. But a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table, he said.
Home Secretary said new legislation was urgently needed to update the powers of MI5 and GCHQ. But, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked. Balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law. If MPs cannot agree on a replacement, Britains spies will be unable to properly track the communications of Islamic State and other terrorists.
Bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her YouTube channel for her visits into the Chernobyl exclusion zone. The area was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986. Since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world, with Ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years. Despite this, the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital.
Charlie Patino, 11, has been spotted by Luton Town's academy. Midfielder has been offered £10,000 by Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. Patino analyses Spanish football and has been influenced by Barcelona. He trains six times a week, spending more than 10 hours a week at Luton.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005. They spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years. They toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity. It starred alongside Melvyn Bragg in a 20-part BBC2 series 'The Reel History of Britain and in 'George Clarke's Amazing Spaces' But now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus, which has taken over their lives for more than a decade.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured when a Land Rover Discovery reversed into his stationary Rover 75 while he was working in Dorset in September 2005. Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression, which together have ended his working life, his lawyers claim. But as his £600,000 damages claim began at the Central London County Court, he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group. He was seen out walking, joking with a builder, striking up conversation with a stranger, crouching to fix the light on his car and as part of a gathering
Everton held their annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday. Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session at the Halewood complex. Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat. Findings published 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker in Berlin. Author Florian Huber has sold tens of thousand of copies of his book. It examines the number of German suicides after peace was declared.
Jack Wilshere has been out for five months with an ankle injury. The Arsenal midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. The 23-year-old posted a photo of his overflowing shopping trolley on Instagram. Wils here called on his 891,000 followers to help him lift out the contents.
Ivan Rakitic and his wife Raquel Mauri posted a selfie on Instagram. The Croatia international and Mauri married in 2013. Lionel Messi also posted a picture of his son kissing his wife Antonella Roccuzzos stomach with the message: 'Waiting for you baby. We love you'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Tickets for the Fight of the Century will go on sale on Thursday. There was speculation that the fight might be in jeopardy. But the thorny matter of the number of tickets, credentials and hotel rooms were all resolved.
IPSA chief Sir Ian Kennedy launched a bid to keep MPs' receipts private. Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians. Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published. Case stems from a Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs took Tyga for a tour of the Emirates Stadium. The Arsenal duo also gave Tyga a No 52 Arsenal shirt with the word 'Kingin', a hashtag he usually writes on Twitter, printed on the back. Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister - 17-year-old Kylie Jenner.
Theo Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Barclays Premier League games this season. The 26-year-old came on for the last six minutes of Arsenal's goalless draw with Chelsea on Sunday. Walcott and Co, along with runway model Olga Sherer, have posed for an official portrait for Paris' oldest fashion house.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2. Mayweather posed for a picture with Motown legend Gladys Knight. Knight tweeted: 'The champ @FloydMayweather and I! So good seeing you dear!' Mayweather retweeted the post to his 5.8million followers. Click here for more boxing news.
Lionel Messi has confirmed he is to be a father again after posting a picture of his pregnant wife on social media. Messi and Antonella Roccuzzo's first son, Thiago, was born in November 2012 and the Barcelona superstar has his handprints tattooed on his calf. The couple are reported to have settled on the name Benjamin.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the snooker World Championships on Wednesday. The 20-year-old Belgium international was at the Crucible to cheer on his friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill. The Manchester United winger had turned out for the Under 21 side at Fulham on Tuesday night amid reports he could be farmed out on loan next season.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a prolonged break from each other after Wimbledon. The Scot parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling. Murray is in Munich for the BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night.
Ukip leader says anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now 'biggest' form of racism. Blames Alex Salmond for fuelling resentment between English and Scots. But SNP MSP Humza Yousaf hit back at Ukip leader's 'politics of fear and intolerance'
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour shared a glass of bubbly on Tuesday. The brothers were the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho prior to the Blues' crunch clash with United at Stamford Bridge on April 18. Mourinho revealed he prepared his Chelsea players to deal with the threat of Fellaini all week  only to be told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing. The Red Devils midfielder was substituted at half-time against the Toffees.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town. Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand. One fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week. Here he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals between them this season. The trio scored in Barca's 6-0 win over Getafe on Tuesday night. Messi scored twice, while Suarez scored two and Neymar also netted. The result took Barca five points clear at the top of La Liga.
Rafael Nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the Barcelona Open last week with a third-round defeat by world No 29 Fabio Fognini. World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and became the first man to win the first three Masters titles of the year after his triumph in Monte Carlo. But Federer insists that arch-rival Nadal, who has won the title nine times and has only ever lost one match at Roland Garros, is still the man to beat.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker. The 73-year-old believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi. The former Manchester United boss rates the Portuguese alongside Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes as the best players he has managed. Ferguson also revealed how he 'battered' Paul Ince at snookers.
Neymar posted a photo of himself with Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi. The Brazilian captioned the photo: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee!' The phrase translates: Great victory lads... come on!' Neymar used the typically Argentine/Uruguayan expression dale in reference to his two team-mates.
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. The McLaren driver was running on behalf of Cancer Research. The 35-year-old said he was 'chuffed to bits' with his performance. Button joked he was disappointed to finish behind former Olympic rower James Cracknell.
The BT Sport Industry Awards were held in Battersea on Thursday. Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere and Southampton duo Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars to attend. Recently retired jockey AP McCoy was presented with his lifetime achievement award by Gunners legend Thierry Henry. Rebecca Adlington, Sam Warburton and David Weir also attended.
Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Real Madrid. The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if Carlo Ancelotti's side were in a commanding lead. But the Norweigan had to sit patiently on the bench as Real beat Almeria 3-0. The former Stromgodset midfielder joined the Champions League winners in January for £2million.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in LA. The two-time Formula One world champion took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix next week. Nicolas will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) Tecate have paid $5.6million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout. Top Rank president Todd duBoef told ESPN.com that the five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $13.2m.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage on Tuesday night. The United striker has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February, and is just returning to action. Van Persie missed seven matches after injuring his ankle in mid-February. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear at the top of the Under 21 Premier League table.
Didier Drogba has been awarded with a Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. The Chelsea forward set up the 'DidierDrogba Foundation in Africa' He hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game. The 37-year-old scored against Leicester on Wednesday.
Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea were boring with a video of them completing a 'bin challenge' The seven players involved in the game at St George's Park jump around in a celebratory huddle. Chelsea can wrap up the Barclays Premier League title with two more victories.
The new footage was revealed in a paper in Nature Communications led by Dr Haimin Wang from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare. It is hoped the study could help increase understanding on how they form - and how they are related to solar eruptions.
Addison Russell, 21, was playing for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. He was trying to catch up to a fastball when the bat slipped from his fingers. The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the Cubs' on-deck circle in the face. The fan suffered 'wounds' but was conscious and communicative after being hit. Russell said: 'I saw the dude's glasses fly, and it just wasn't pretty'
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley. The Liverpool frontman was left red-faced by the talented youngster. The 25-year-old hinted that his next goal celebration would be a new move called 'Feed the Ducks' Sturridge has played only twice since suffering a hip injury against Manchester United on March 22.
Manny Pacquiao fights Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand on May 2. Top Rank promoter Bob Arum says that the contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed. Tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale. Arum claims that the draft contract he received on April 15 was not what he agreed with Mayweather Promotions and MGM when the term sheet was signed.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao on May 2 in Las Vegas. But there are still no tickets on sale for the mega-fight. SeatGeek, which claims to be the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000) These are known as'spec tickets' which the sellers don't have but expect to get before the fight. The venue for the bout, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena has the following message on its website: 'Details on ticket sales coming soon!'
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right. Audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
The technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' in which electricity stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. A connected 'pocket processor' converts that recording into an infrared image, which the goggles will then beam into the eye.
Denim designer Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office. Ms Liano's denim empire started in 1986 in Melbourne, but ran into difficulty in recent years. After going into administration in 2011, the brand was revived by backing from the Apparel Group, who own Sportscraft and Saba. The deal ended acrimoniously, with Liano ordered to pay back $150,000.
Laser expert Patrick Priebe built a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based Mr Prie be, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online. His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths. Prices are not known.
Sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed. Chelsea are likely to join Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United in the Champions League. Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four in the Premier League.
Dutch firm TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The dancers, which cost around £2,500 to hire, were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker. The robots were originally created in 2012 by Walker for a show called 'Peepshow'
Indian doctors at Kathmandus Bir Hospital told Mail Today that packets of beef masala were sent by Pakistan on Tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors. The majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. The development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation member countries.
Floyd Mayweather faces Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2. Mayweather has defended his announcement that he feels he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight. Mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call.
thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) This caused jets of molten material to burst from its vent. The footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded. It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications.
The fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by the United Kingdom Meteor Observing Network in Portadown, County Armagh. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Experts say pieces from the meteorite, which came from an asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter, could potentially be worth thousands of pounds.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan. Most girls are not allowed to ride bikes in the country, but skateboarding isn't against the rules. Australian skateboarder Oliver Percovich created Skateistan, a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding. 40 per cent of the program's students are female.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. Figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent. It will take years for such a technology to be approved for commercial aircraft.
Poppy Smart, 23, claims she was wolf-whistled at every day for a month. Marketing co-ordinator filmed the taunts and asked police to investigate. Ian Merrett, 28, admits it was him but says she should take it as a compliment. He says he has'snogged loads of girls' off the back of the attention. Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for an unprovoked attack.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke both scored twice for the Blues. Solanke has now scored 35 goals for Chelsea this season. The 17-year-old could play for the first-team against Arsenal this weekend.
Former boxing promoter is one of the party's most famous former candidates. But she warned Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. She said: 'If we want to stop Labour and the SNP I think youve got to vote Tory' She praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You cant knock him'
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Twitter's new live broadcasting platform. Has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Branded the Kim Kardashian of the social platform, when the brunette starts a live stream, thousands of Periscope users around the globe stop what they're doing to watch.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres. It's incredible slope, which has a gradient of 6.1 per cent, gives it a rollercoaster-like appearance.
Jimmy White lost 10-8 to Matthew Selt in World Snooker Championship qualifier. White needed two more wins to reach the main event at the Crucible. Selt fought back from 7-2 down to go through to Wednesday's final qualifiers. Six-time world champion Steve Davis suffered 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi. The legally-privileged material was protected by strict rules. Investigatory Powers Tribunal (IPT) ordered spies to destroy two copies of the sensitive eavesdropped communications. Mr al Saadi was kidnapped with his family in Hong Kong in 2004, tortured after his claims was a tip-off by MI6. He was eventually freed and took legal action against the Government.
John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci could cost Celtic around £1.5million. Dundee United sold star duo Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the Parkhead club on deadline day in January. Jackie McNamaras side have won just three of their 14 games since, and lost 3-0 at home to Ronny Deila's side on Sunday.
Two window cleaners working at a skyscraper in Shanghai suffered minor injuries. Their ordeal was filmed from inside the building by an onlooker. Incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre, the citys second-tallest building at 492 metres.
Scientists at Stanford University School of Medicine created the antibodies. They then injected these antibodies, along with chemicals that activated signalling cells, known as dendritic cells, into cancerous mice. The mice mounted an immune response and were found to remain cancer-free for more than a year. Their findings have been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, breast and lung cancer.
The five men each played their own vital role in the Normandy campaign that began with the D-Day landings. Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare. Aged between 90 and 99, they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come.
Johanna Basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013. Secret Garden has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. 32-year-olds second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of its release.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil van Dijk fired Celtic into an early lead with a superb free-kick. Greg Tansey equalised for the Highlanders in the second half. Edward O'Fere gave the hosts the lead in the 96th minute. David Raven scored an extra-time winner to send the tie to the final.
Manny Pacquiao has two platinum albums to his name back home. He has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, plus a game show, Manny Many Prizes. His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday, and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in Youth Cup semi-final second leg. Tammy Abraham scored twice for the visitors at the Academy Stadium. Isaac Buckley-Ricketts and Christian Soalnke scored for City. Dominic Solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline.
Marc Albrighton gave Leicester City the lead after just 45 minutes. Didier Drogba levelled for Chelsea after 48 minutes after beating Ritchie De Laet to the ball. John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the Leicester box. Ramires made it 3-1 to Chelsea with a stunning effort after 83 minutes. Chelsea can win the Premier League on Sunday if they beat Crystal Palace.
Beijing International Airport is set to launch the world's biggest terminal in 2018. Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and will handle 45million passengers a year. Zaha Hadid has collaborated with airport developers ADPI to create a six-tier concept which aims to decrease customer walking distances, and increase connectivity.
Manchester City play Chelsea in the first leg of the FA Youth Cup final. The match kicks off at 7.45pm on Monday night and will be shown live on ITV4. The second leg takes place next Monday at Stamford Bridge. Both teams are packed with talented players eager to make an impression in front of the TV cameras.
The Reddit thread, which focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines, has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments. It asked users to spill the beans on what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses. One user described the process of 'ordering' a bride from Russia or the Philippines - where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's mega-fight is set to become the biggest pay-per-view in sport. Sports Interaction have put together all the big numbers to find out who will earn what. Mike Tyson featured in four of the top 10 highest grossing bouts, ahead of 'Money' Mayweather and Evander Holyfield who have both featured in three. Mayweather's lucrative victory against Saul Alvarez in 2013 looks set to be eclipsed by his next bout.
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear. Wolfsburg knew only a victory against Borussia Moenchengladbach would keep their title dreams alive. But Wolfsburg were beaten by Max Kruse in the last minute of the game. The result means Bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time.
Heather Mack, 19, avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years. Mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a Sprite bottle. In contrast, Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005. The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years in Kerobokan Prison working to reform themselves with Chan now an ordained Christian minister. The differences in the sentences in the two cases left many people wondering about the
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's personal chef has revealed his weaknesses. Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into Mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast. A regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime and Mayweather demands organic produce, although there are a few exceptions.
Castello Baronale, situated just 31 miles (50km) from Rome, towers 3,280ft over sea level. Built in the 12th century, the castle was born by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini, in 1541. The fort remained in the family for 400 years, until it was sacked by Napoleon when he plundered the castle's gold and used it as a fortress.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park. Josh Kerr and Mark Hill scored the goals for the Hoops. Rangers keeper Robby McCrorie made two mistakes to hand Celtic victory. It is the fourth time Celtic have won the trophy in eight seasons. Ronny Deila and Stuart McCall watched the match from the stands.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon. The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. Witnesses to the fight had different reactions. Some stood around and watched the fracas unfold, while other pulled out their phones and started recording the action.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea after just seven minutes. Isaac Buckley-Ricketts equalised for Manchester City on 20 minutes. Dominic Solanke scored Chelsea's third goal with just minutes to play. The FA Youth Cup final takes place at Stamford Bridge next week. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 in their Premier League clash. John Terry, Didier Drogba and Ramires scored for Jose Mourinho's side. Chelsea are 13 points clear at the top of the table ahead of Crystal Palace. The Blues face the Eagles at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found the missing dog tags after a storm last year, returning them to the vet's son, William Benn of Rhode Island. The tags came from World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach.
Celtic face Inverness in the William Hill Scottish Cup semi-final. The Scottish League Cup winners are eight points clear in Scottish Premiership with six games to play. Ronny Deila believes Celtic themselves provide the biggest hurdle to their treble hopes. The Norwegian boss believes treble success will help attract players to the club this summer.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, has accused Facebook of discrimination after she was prevented from continuing to use her unusual name on the social media platform. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in. Facebook's helpdesk eventually contacted Happy Cloud and asked for proof of identity and even a copy of her social security card.
Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch, Arizona. The fashion designer and author is famous for her raunchy routines. She will run presentations and classes incorporating the principles of modern burlesques. From June 8 until June 12, guests can learn classic moves such as the 'burlesque strut'
Gloucester will play Edinburgh in the Challenge Cup final at the Twickenham Stoop. The Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign. Greig Laidlaw, Bill Meakes, Tom Savage, Elvis Taione and Jonny May scored for the hosts.
John Terry scored in Chelsea's 3-1 win at Leicester on Wednesday night. The 34-year-old's goal took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions. Terry sits alongside strikers Loic Remy and Didier Drogba with seven goals apiece as well as attacking midfielder Oscar. Only star striker Diego Costa (20 goals) and PFA Player of the Year Eden Hazard (18) have more for Jose Mourinho's side this campaign.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice. Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease. The problem is partly caused by immune system B-cells that put a brake on the bodys defences in prostate and other cancers.
Steve Davis will attempt to qualify for this year's Betfred World Championship at the Crucible. Jimmy White will take on fellow veteran James Wattana in qualifying on Thursday. Reanne Evans takes on 1997 world champion Ken Doherty on Thursday, in the first of three preliminary rounds.
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to Reanne Evans. The 10-time winner of the Ladies' World Championship saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty after a tight clash on Thursday. Doherty said after the match: 'She's a good player and she should be given more chances on the tour'
Reanne Evans is aiming to be the first woman to qualify for the World Championship. The 29-year-old faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying. Evans has won 10 women's world titles and plays Irishman Doherty at Pond's Forge in Sheffield on Thursday. The 16 players who make it through to the tournament proper will be decided on the afternoon of Wednesday, April 15.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is billed as the fight of the century. The mega-fight takes place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. World Boxing Council are launching a limited-edition jewellery range to mark the bout on Friday. Fans will be able to buy one of the 1,000 18ct gold Pacquiao or Mayweather commemorative rings among a whole range of other items.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival. Sit on the left side of the plane for incredible views of the sprawling Grand Canyon stretching out before you. Enjoy stunning views of Cape Town and Table Mountain if arriving from the North into Cape Town International Airport. Witness Mount Fuji peering through the clouds when travelling to Tokyo's Narita Airport.
Harry and Charlie Davies-Carr starred in the viral video eight years ago. It was originally filmed to send to the brothers' godfather who lives in America. However, it quickly went viral, going on to amass more than 816million views. Now the pair, from Buckinghamshire, who are now aged 11 and nine, have given an interview.
Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick against Dundee United on Sunday. The 24-year-old is now Celtic's top scorer with 14 goals in his last 17 games. Griffiths was on loan at Hibernian from Wolverhampton Wanderers. The striker was accused of bringing the game into disrepute.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. The Bairns will face either Inverness or Celtic in the final on May 30.
For the super-wealthy, money is of no concern when it comes to booking private jets and chartering yachts. Wedding and event planner Sarah Haywood has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen. Victoria Hoffman, founder and CEO of the Miami-based Concierge & Events by Victoria, reveals she's had clients request special access to exclusive events.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday. Justin Bieber has been asked to lead out Mayweather's entourage. The pair have been close friends for years and have accompanied each other into the ring on numerous occasions. Mayweather is bidding to win his 47th world title in the biggest fight of his career.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday night. The 36-year-old has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of mega-fights. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the. world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and four fights against. Mexican warrior Juan Manuel Marquez. Pacqiao left home aged 14 to move to the Philippines capital Manila to pursue his career in the sport.
Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed in Indonesia. The artist has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment. He has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life' Joko Widodo has repeatedly rejected pleas for clemency for the nine drug convicts.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrive in Las Vegas ahead of Saturday's mega-fight. Sportsmail's Jeff Powell was there as the pair made their grand arrivals. The pair will fight at the MGM Grand in a $300million showdown on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. Compared with the £5billion paid to English clubs for Premiership football the sums are trifling. St Mirren facing Ross County on a wet March night in Paisley will never be a rival to the Manchester derby.
The world is quite literally your oyster when looking for property around the world. From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Italian villa that looks like a castle and an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour, these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market.
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at the Celtic player of the year awards. The 24-year-old is looking forward to clinching the Scottish Premiership title. Celtic are eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table. The Hoops will win the league for the fourth successive season if they beat Dundee at home on Friday night and the Dons fail to win against the Tannadice side on Saturday.
Chelsea are set to announce the signing of Nathan Allan de Souza. The 19-year-old will join the likes of Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge. Nathan tweeted the news he was headed for contract talks and a medical. He said: 'Very happy!!! In London to sign my contract with Chelsea and take tests'
Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, outlines her top tips to boost concentration. Massaging your 'third eye' can boost memory and dissolve tension. Swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain-boosting essential fatty acids. Look at cute pet pictures on PetSugar for an instant reboot.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier in Sheffield. Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage. The match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on Thursday evening. 128 players are involved in qualifying, including legendary names Steve Davis and Jimmy White.
The map suggests that the coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have now become the most racist areas of the US. Racism is also common in the 'rust belt' which straddles the upper Northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states. Searches for n****r are less frequent in regions west of Texas.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand on Saturday. The Filipino star has been training at Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym in Los Angeles. Mayweather has trained at his own self-titled Boxing Club in Las Vegas. Sportsmail takes a look at the facilities and what is on offer at both.
Judy, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape, 'Because my life is saturated with it' Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening. The V-Sit up. Engage your abdominal muscles, keep your back straight and lean back a little.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen. The defender was involved in a brawl after the German Cup defeat to Bayern Munich. The 34-year-old was filmed fighting the club's security personnel. The Bosnian-Herzegovina defender injured his knee in the match.
Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday. The Poland international has now scored 16 goals this season, three more than second-placed Alexander Meier. Bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork before Thomas Muller added a third in the 82nd minute. Pep Guardiola's men remain top of the Bundesliga after a second straight win.
A Gronking To Remember is a work of fan fiction about a woman's sexual infatuation with New England Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski. The couple are suing the novella's author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as distributors Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work in iBooks, Kindle and Nook digital formats.
Eintracht Frankfurt forward Alexander Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. Meier tops the Bundesliga with 19 goals, ahead of Bayern Munich duo of Arjen Robben (17) and Robert Lewandowski (16) Robben is also out with an injury and Lewandowski could win the scorers' title for the second year running.
The riot erupted in February 2012 when supporters of home team Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed after an Egyptian league match. The clashes in the Port Said stadium sparked days of violent protests in Cairo, which led to another 16 deaths. An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti.
Floyd Mayweather has a pop-up shop where he is selling T-shirts with a Philippines flag in the background. Manny Pacquiao is the happiest soul in Las Vegas, smiling, cracking jokes, bidding everyone welcome. His latest toy is a camera which he points at whoever he comes across, saying: I dont know much about these things but I like taking portraits'
Andrew Chan, then aged 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia. Both men were arrested on April 17 in 2005. The Bali Nine trials began in October 2005 at Denpasar district court. The death penalty has never left the table since they were first convicted in 2005 following a tip off from Australian federal police to Indonesian officials. It's difficult to imagine the two men, in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation, as the gangster thugs that threatened the lives of their families.
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery. Other explanations include pulsars, neutron stars or dense magnetic fields.
High-powered human rights lawyer Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed. Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison. The case against the president, who was ousted in 2012 in what has been described by hs supporters as a coup, stemmed from the alleged wrongful detention of a judge.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales. French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane. It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way. The young woman has suffered with yo-yo dieting for most of her life. She was once dubbed 'Britain's fattest teenager'
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first goal since September. But a mistake from Saints goalkeeper Kelvin Davis allowed Mame Diouf to equalise and substitute Charlie Adam stole all three points. Saints missed the chance to close the gap on Manchester City to two points.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The Southampton midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham. Ronald Koeman has admitted that Schneiderlin may leave the club this summer. Koeman also conceded that he may be forced to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne if the England right back does not sign a new contract.
Liris Crosse, 32, grew up in Baltimore, Maryland. Modeled for Zoli Models, Elite Models NY, Michelle Pommier and Seventeen Magazine. Despite being a healthy size 10 (US 6), Liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape. Became her own agent and utilised the urban market to achieve her dreams.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict New Testament creed and wears blue uniforms, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks. Several ex-members have come forward, telling stories of sexual abuse, violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls. Miracle escaped Gloriavale with her family around six years ago. She told Daily Mail Australia sex outside of marriage and with underage children was 'absolutely frowned upon' and 'dealt with very severely in the community'
Adrien Broner is pictured with 50 Cent in an Instagram happy snap on Tuesday. The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event featuring Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson. Broner called Garcia out, again on Instagram, for a September fight after 'Swift' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a controversial majority decision.
Petr Cech has made just four league starts for Chelsea this season. Ray Parlour believes Arsenal can win the Premier League with Cech. The former Gunners midfielder believes Arsenal should sell Wojciech Szczesny in order to sign Cech this summer.
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table. If the Hammers finish in the top three 'fair-playing' leagues in Europe, they will earn a Europa League place. Qualification via Fair Play would see them enter the competition at the first qualifying round, playing their first game on July 2 and competing in up to six games.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze were joined by partners Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel for a double date on Sunday night. The pair attended a charity ball to raise money for Hamburg Children's Hospital ahead of Wolfsburg's 2-0 win against Hamburg. Gotze helped Bayern Munich to a 3-0 victory against Eintracht Franfurt on Saturday.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour called zlaaatan.com. The website has an identical  style to Google with users given the option to 'zlatan Search' or 'I'm feeling Zlatan' Clicking the former button takes users to articles about Ibrahimovic on Google, while the latter directs them to his Wikipedia page.
Steve Simonsen placed bets on a total of 50 games over the course of a year. The 35-year-old served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking the SFA's zero-tolerance gambling rules. But SFA compliance officer Tony McGlennan challenged that decision, claiming his punishment was 'unduly lenient' The Scottish FA have failed in their attempt to further punish the Rangers goalkeeper.
Officers who rushed to the scene of the Colorado theater shooting entered a hellish world of bloody victims, noxious smells and blaring sounds. 'It was dim, the movie was still playing, the alarm was going off,' Aurora police officer Annette Brook told jurors in the trial of gunman James Holmes. Twelve people were killed and 70 hurt when Holmes allegedly opened fire on a packed theater in Aurora, Colorado for a midnight showing of The Dark Knight Rises in July 2012. If convicted, Holmes could be sentenced to death.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when he allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda. Police say he sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street. But he allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest. Her body was found a block away from Project Renewal shelter on Bronx Blvd where she worked.
The move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company. Microsoft still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps. The tech giant is making its case for Windows 10 before an army of software developers who may be crucial allies in its campaign.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. In a bid to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar. Eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant, the building has been turned into a museum.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. Using sensors on the front of the bin, it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush. It then turns on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. Bin comes with an integrated bag dispenser that additionally sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is getting low on bags. It can also send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain Americas shield. The video also explains theScience behind super-healing abilities.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watchs heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. The issue first came to light on Reddit and Twitter where a number of users reported similar issues, such as having to repeatedly enter a password to unlock the phone. Tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most.
All three planets in the system orbit the star, HD 7924, at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15 and 24 days. Discovery shows the type of planetary system that astronomers expect to find around many nearby stars in the coming years. The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph. Spectrograph takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May. Reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury Amanjena resort, just outside of Morocco. Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event.
Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago. Its odd, almost 'bubbly' appearance, can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size. Because of these properties the entire moon is porous, like a sponge, with well-preserved craters of various sizes packed together across its surface.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from Heathrow to Muscat. One man decided to move seats because the plane wasn't full. A fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out. One passenger screamed that there was a baby nearby, while others were woken from their sleep by the commotion.
The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines. The proposed £30million, three-year contract for an Emirates FA Cup, revealed by Sports Agenda, gives the FA the resources to ensure monies received by the clubs for progressing in the worlds most famous club knockout tournament. The figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30.
Machu Picchu was named a 'New Wonder of the World' in 2007. Since 2011, the number of average daily number of visitors has far exceeded the daily limit of 2,500 agreed to by Peru and UNESCO. A new master plan, to be implemented between 2015 and 2019, has been revealed. Entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre in the jungle below, and there will be three different routes through the site. Certified guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed.
Adidas go is available for iOS only via the Apple App Store. Once installed the free app uses the phone's accelerometer to track the user's stride. It then searches for songs in the Spotify library with matching beats per minute. The app will continue to track and adjust the playlist accordingly, for example if the runner slows down or speeds up.
James Whitaker's brief reign as the ECBs head of selectors looks set to end when the new director of cricket is announced. Yorkshire are furious that of their six players in the Caribbean, four  Adam Lyth, Adil Rashid, Liam Plunkett and Jonny Bairstow  have been on the sidelines throughout the Test series. Sam Allardyce's future as manager of West Ham is subject to much speculation at the same time as a letter regarding the end of his tenure at Blackburn Rovers does the rounds.
England's top three are exceptional players but they are very one-paced. It is OK batting the way England did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss, but they will be exposed against better teams than West Indies, like Australia. Ian Bell and Joe Root lifted England's run rate and got them out of a hole having fallen to 34 for three. Thanks to those two and Ben Stokes, this turned out to be very much England's day.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester. Pair had travelled from Isle of Man to watch Manchester United play at Old Trafford. Torin bought MDMA from website Agora from an anonymous seller with the 'handle' Stone Island. Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be contacting Home Secretary Theresa May.
Daniel Levy reportedly told the Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust that future transfer policy would entail the purchase of young players, priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale. This may be financially sensible, but it is hardly reassuring. Elite clubs, those who challenge for the biggest trophies, do not buy with one eye on selling. Spurs' best chance of securing regular Champions League football came when Luka Modric played for them.
Testosterone doesnt always get a good press. Everything thats unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone. But as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life. It begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body. This influence continues immediately after birth.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants the reader to understand his passion for his job. He admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso. He writes elegantly about his pilots eye view of the world.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year. Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iPhones. Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April. Apple iPhone sales dipped compared with the stronger holiday quarter.
The announcement was made on Wednesday after a meeting with Brazilian taekwondo officials. Silva said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career. The former UFC champion tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9 and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake took part in Audi's football challenge. The Chelsea stars took on team-mates Loic Remy and Willian. Hazard and Ake secured the points with a 5-3 win in round one. The final challenge involved the players shooting at cars from long range. Willian and Remy were involved in the biggest misfortune of the day.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert. Former Manchester United and Bayern Munich goalkeepers renew their rivalry. The duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades. 'I'm scared of myself! I have to say it was very interesting to wear a mask it was easier to become an actor,' says Kahn.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own. The pair perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight for a spoof sketch called Britain's Got Sporting Talent. Barnes and Redknapp played together at Liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997.
Robbie Keane's car karaoke effort was posted on the Boy George and the Culture Club Facebook page. The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday with Keane choosing a song that was released when he was just three years old. Karma Chameleon was the second Culture Club song to go to No 1 in the UK.
The House Judiciary Committee on Thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the USA Freedom Act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2. The measure seeks to codify President Barack Obama's proposal to end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records. It would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations. The authority to collect those records and other related surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act will expire June 1 unless Congress passes a law reauthorizing it. Similar legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate by Democrat Patrick Leahy and Republican Mike Lee. But Republican
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her missing fiance Vincent Viafore. Troopers have said Viafore, 46, was kayaking on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of Cornwall-On-Hudson. The complaint states that rough waters combined with strong winds caused Viafores kayak to overturn. The man was not wearing a life jacket at the time and was unable to turn the capsized boat right-side up. Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston on Wednesday. Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match and broke Bouchar's serve twice in the final set to pull off the upset. The 21-year-old Canadian has lost three of her last five matches to lower-ranked opponents.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The remains, which were discovered in Panama, indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution. In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives. The find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) It reveals distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April after a four-year mission. When it does, Messenger will be behind Mercury, and hidden from Earth.
Bath face Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night. Sam Burgess will start at blindside flanker for Mike Ford's side. The former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since converting to union towards the end of last year. Bath were knocked out of the Champions Cup by Leinster in Dublin.
Jimmy Anderson edged closer to Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests on Tuesday. The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua. Reaching 100 Tests as a fast bowler is more about character and the fight in Jimmy than about his skills.
Chelsea allowed the Premier League trophy to be displayed at Stamford Bridge for the BBC on the strict understanding that the big prize was not seen by members of the public. Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating. Leicester Tigers are being provocative with their Rugby World Cup planning at Welford Road after England Rugby 2015 chose to stage two tournament matches at the nearby football stadium.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only try of the game in the first-half. Ian Madigan kicked six penalties for Leinster as they led 15-5 at half-time. Anthony Watson was sent to the sin-bin for a reckless aerial challenge on Rob Kearney. Ford scored Bath's second try after another dazzling break from the England No 10. Bath lock Stuart Hooper crashed over for his side's third try.
Researchers from the University of Connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk. Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions, which are published in the journal, Science. He proposes that the rate of extinction will speed up in line with rising temperatures. If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2%. But if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase, that could increase to 16%.
Last night Instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji. But it appears not all emoji hashtags are created equal. When people try to search for the aubergine emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it. It is believe to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity. Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly. But, given that the emoji could potentially be tagged onto images that contain nudity, it is likely the
Thousands of commuters were stranded on trains for up to five hours after a power failure at Clapham Junction. Firefighters used a ladder to help passengers get to safety after some 1,200 people were stuck on the East Grinstead to Victoria train. Police boarded the stranded trains to hand out water, and paramedics were on hand in case travellers, including pregnant women, were affected. There were at least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that either missed stops or terminated before their destination.
Zac Efron, 27, pictured on the set of his latest film, Bad Grandpa. This got FEMAIL thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't. Ryan Gosling and Justin Timberlake are the obvious exceptions. Macaulay Culkin won our hearts as the mischievous young Kevin in the Home Alone trilogy.
Ollie Devoto, Semesa Rokoduguni, Anthony Watson and Matt Banahan scored tries for Bath at Kingston Park. Sam Burgess made his first start for Bath in the back row. Bath are now six points behind Premiership leaders Northampton in the table and four above third-placed Saracens.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year, city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school. Scott said he immediately requested a parent-teacher conference to which Perry brought along her husband Bill, who sits on the county Board of Education. Instead of discussing Perry's classroom comments
Swiss scientists say the experiment that what some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain. By having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel that a creepy 'presence' was behind them. The sensation was re-created by researchers using a robot to interfere with the sensory signals in the brains of blindfolded volunteers.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria said women should never say no. Claimed the Prophet Mohammed said even if they were on a camel, a wife could not refuse sex if she was pregnant or menstruating. Denounced the idea of marital rape as'made up by European people' His comments have horrified many in his home country of Malaysia.
Laura Robson shared a picture on Instagram of her at Tortuga festival. The 21-year-old has not played since the first round of the 2014 Australian Open. Robson had tendon surgery on her left wrist and is nearing a return. She is targeting the French Open, which starts on May 24.
James Corden posted a picture of himself with Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham via Twitter on Thursday. The comedian is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the States. Both Beckhams, who are of no relation, were pictured in America with the 36-year-old. Last month David Beckham embarrassed his son Brooklyn on Corden's Late Late Show in America.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox. Instead she received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' Jewell's local Social Security office told her that in November 2014 someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased. She said they implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' But fast-forward three months later and her number hasn't been reinstated. She also cannot renew her driver's license, has not received her tax refund and had one of her credit cards cancelled.
Pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to visit mosque in Exeter. But 10 pulled out after parents expressed 'grave concerns' about trip. One mother said she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot' School said trip would still take place on May 7 to'show children the true reflection of Islam'
Hollywood-inspired experiment to help dementia patients is taking place in New York. Hope is that the videos shown to residents will ease their confusion, forgetfulness and agitation. Idea borrowed from 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates, in which Drew Barrymore's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day.
Frank Lampard has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for Manchester City on loan this season from MLS outfit New York City. The 36-year-old will join up with parent club in July after signing a two-year deal with the MLS side. Orlando City boss Adrian Heath believes Lampard and LA Galaxy-bound Steven Gerrard are in for a few culture shocks when they move stateside.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino for his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather. US talk show host Jimmel Kimmel has performed it on his live show. After Kimmel's effort sung in the Tagalog, a language spoken by about 57 million of the Philippines' more than 98 million people, went viral Pacman thanked him on Twitter.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. He takes on Fabio Maldonado in Montreal on Saturday night. Former light-heavyweight champion Jackson has been through a stressful fight to make UFC comeback. He had to first endure a protracted legal battle before he was permitted to feature at UFC 186.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. The scientists then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images pixel-by-pixel. They found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a persons drunken state, and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy. The technology could one day be installed in cars to spot drink drivers and stop them starting the ignition.
The website, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own. It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are. The site was able to accurately guess Kim Kardashian's age as 34, but thought 37-year-old Kanye West was actually 38.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. The test took place from the companys launch site in West Texas. While in space, huge windows will give the customers a stunning view of Earth. They'll also have several minutes of weightlessness, before the capsule falls to Earth and lands using parachutes.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured. The withdrawals are just the latest incident in another turbulent period at Leeds. Club president Massimo Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax.
The Pillars of Creation are one of the most iconic images ever to be captured by the Hubble Space Telescope. Now, astronomers have produced the first complete three-dimensional view of these beautiful columns of interstellar gas and dust. The image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua. The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball. Broad and Jimmy Anderson are an outstanding combination, taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 Tests they have played together.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani all withdrew from Leeds squad. Neil Redfearn's side lost 2-1 to Charlton at The Valley on Saturday. Leeds striker Steve Morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus at Elland Road.
Christina O'Gorman posed for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn OGorman, back in 1913. The ethereal images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42. The images are part of the Royal Photographic Society, held at the National Media Museum, Bradford.
Hull City are keen on signing Leeds United midfielder Alex Mowatt. The 20-year-old has scored nine goals in the Championship this season. Hull sent scout John Rudge to check on the midfielder during Monday's 4-3 defeat by Wolves. Steve Bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad this summer.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro and Marco Silvestri, Frenchman Souleymane Doukara and Albanian Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured. Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino, while Cani's deal was set-up by the Italian before he was banned by the Football League.
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. The 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at Bradford's ground in 1985. Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, Bradford's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes. 'Could any man really be as unlucky as Hegin botham?' writes Fletcher, after 15 years spent researching the fire in which four members of his family died.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain. The 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile Dundee No 1 Bain, but his actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan. It was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years.
Jennifer Saunders, who wrote and starred in the series, confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn. She revealed that Joanna Lumley, who plays Patsy in the comedy, had told her to do it before we die The film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France, or in the Bahamas if the budget allows.
Transport for London (TFL) has revealed that the posters are being removed. The posters feature a bikini-clad model called Renee Somerfield. The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure has caused a stir among feminists. A change.org petition calling for the adverts to be pulled has already attracted more than 50,000 signatures. The Advertising Standards Authority has also received more than 200 complaints.
The FA are understood to have secured a three-year contract with Emirates Airlines. The deal, due to be rubber-stamped by the FA board on Thursday, is believed to be worth at least £10million a year. Emirates have big money to spend after deciding last November not to renew their £30m-a-year FIFA sponsorship for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling drugs. She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine. Australians Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed along with six other prisoners by an Indonesian firing squad. The grandmother said she 'feels like giving up' and 'just wants to get it over with' She said: 'The men shot dead were reformed men  good men who transformed the lives of people around them'
Emirates are set to seal an historic deal with the FA Cup. The £30million three-year deal would add to Emirates' ever-increasing portfolio of sporting sponsorship. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at the current deals the famous airline has on the table. Arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a £100million deal.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. The Manchester middleweight is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. He is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years since he last fought in the UK. Im going to deliver for the fans in Montreal, he said.
Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk set to be released by Zenit St Petersburg at the end of the season. Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas has said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair. The 33-year-old spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah, says he pulled the young man aside after their flight from Denver, Colorado had landed on Sunday, and had a word with him about the foul language he had been using on the plane. The young man, who was carrying a skateboard, sucker punched Hurst in the stomach. Hurst, a former corrections officer, then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder, bring him to the ground, put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived on the scene.
Carl Frampton has been offered a huge £1.5million payday to face Scott Quigg in one of the biggest all-British fights in recent memory. Talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill. Quigg's promoter, Eddie Hearn, attempted to jolt Frampton's camp into a July 18 fight in Manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the Northern Irishmans career to date.
FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea have made an offer for Yoshinori Muto. Chelsea would look to loan Muto to partner club Vitesse Arnhem next season. The 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly and realise his potential.
Charlie Austin is yet to receive an international call-up for England. The QPR striker has scored 17 Premier League goals this season. Harry Kane, Daniel Sturridge and Danny Welbeck are ahead of Austin in Roy Hodgson's pecking order. There was a clamour for Grant Holt to be named in the England squad during his time at Norwich.
Just 32% of UK consumers have heard of campylobacter germs. Many unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves. More than 70% of Britons identify chicken as main source of food poisoning. But only 55% of Londoners and 51% of under-25s mentioned chicken.
A high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by Daily Mail Australia reveals an 'unprecedented' number of Australians could face the death penalty in China for drug smuggling. Chinese authorities have said that eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014. It comes as one of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China - Sydney man Peter Gardner - had his case pushed forward by six months. The exact number facing possible death sentences was redacted in the briefing, obtained under freedom of information laws.
Aliesha Peterson, 22, first started exercising in August 2013, and by April 2015, she had lost nearly 20lbs and gained a six-pack. The Alberta, Canada, resident says she was depressed and refused to go back on her anti-depressants, so she started going to the gym three times a week. She now works out five to seven days a week, focusing on a different part of her body each day.
Lil' Chris, aka Chris Hardman, died on March 23 in Lowestoft, Suffolk. Coroner Peter Dean told inquest that a friend found his body hanged. Pathologist Richard Ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging. Mr Hardman shot to fame after appearing on Kiss frontman Gene Simmons' show School of Rock.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close. Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in Dubais skyline almost disappearing and people suffering from respiratory problems. The footage, captured on camera in Saudi Saudi Arabia by Mohammed Mohsen, shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area in which he stands at a staggering speed.
Amanda Holden, 44, talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences. Gave birth to a stillborn baby and nearly died after having another. Diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and turned to therapy. Admits to getting collagen treatments to maintain her youthful appearance.
There will be calls for England to get rid of Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott on the back of their failures here. But I think they should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made. We are talking about two batsmen with phenomenal Test records who have done it against Australia in the past and, with good players like that, you do not jettison them easily.
Khloe Kardashian posted 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night as protests turned to riots in Baltimore. While more than 400,000 followers liked it, the post - now deleted - also drew criticism. Critics accused her of insincerity, and still more aired shockingly racist feelings. Just 30 minutes later she responded to the wave of responses with a Tweet that read: 'Yall are too much. Damned if I do'
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17. A construction worker in the neighborhood has told police that he saw Filkins outside with items from the home, and that she appeared to be having a yard sale or giving the items away.
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against the West Indies on Friday night. The 32-year-old beat Sir Ian Botham's previous record of 384 wickets. Botham was always larger than life and showed huge self-belief as a player and he still has an aura about him now. Anderson, by contrast, would go unnoticed if he walked into a room.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network. It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times.
Jordan Spieth won the 2015 Masters at Augusta on Sunday. The 21-year-old became the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the tournament. Spieth held a a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action. He finished joint-second, along with Jonas Blixt, to Bubba Watson last year.
Olympic champion Alistair Brownlee won in Cape Town. The 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury. Brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with Javier Gomez.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has taken United back into the top four. The Dutchman has worked with and improved individual players. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick have benefited. Van Gaal has single-handedly raised the sinking ship back to the surface.
Angel Di Maria has a new No 7 tattoo on his left arm. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. Di Maria joined United for a club record £60million from Real Madrid last summer. The midfielder also wears the No 7 shirt for Argentina too.
Jean-Honoré Fragonards 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica, produced in China and ordered over the internet for £70. It has hung in among 270 Old Master paintings since February 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to'spot the fake' Only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly. But the gallery's chief curator, Xavier Bray, said he was impressed a number of people had managed to spot the imposter.
Mauro Vilhete scored twice as Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 on Saturday. Barnet clinched promotion back to the Football League following a two-year absence. The win ensures Martin Allen's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 to secure promotion to the Football League. Martin Allen's side will now face Forest Green Rovers in the play-offs. Barnet players will celebrate their promotion with a trip to Benidorm. Allen's on-off relationship with the club could see him leave for a fourth time.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk dressed up as the superhero at the premiere of the latest Avengers movie. The 28-year-old recently signed a new long-term deal at the Russian club until the end of the 2018-19 season. Hulk acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor Lou Ferrigno who played the Incredible Hulk in The Incredible Hulk television show.
Demetrious Johnson retained his UFC flyweight title with a win over Kyoji Horiguchi in Montreal on Saturday night. The American secured a submission victory in the latest UFC pay-per-view event. Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson earned his first UFC win since 2011, scoring a unanimous decision over Brazilian slugger Fabio Maldonado.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on the Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao mega-fight. The pair agreed to the wager in front of a swimming pool ahead of the Las Vegas bout. The fight is expected to gross over $300million for the city of Las Vegas.
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back', while Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans. 5 - Games lost by City in 2015, one more than the whole of 2014. 13 - City's position in the Premier League form table after losing four and winning two of their last six. 9 - City have nine points fewer than they did at this stage last season.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances. Duggan has 11 goals in 16 games for her country. The Manchester City striker is working hard to rediscover her best form ahead of the finals in Canada in June. She scored 10 times in a World Cup qualification campaign that saw England with a 100 per cent record.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the weekend. The Leicester striker scored the winner against West Brom on Saturday. Two years ago Vardy was being hammered by Leicester fans. The criticism was so bad the player started to doubt himself and admits he almost gave up football.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Barclays Premier League. This is enough to qualify for next season's Europa League. Christian Eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives. Spurs have been linked with Marseille's Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko in the summer market.
Paris Saint-Germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for Dinamo Kiev winger Andriy Yarmolenko. The Ukraine flyer tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month and has been watched by Liverpool in recent seasons. The 25-year-old was a target for West Ham and Stoke last summer with Kiev willing to sell for around £15million.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with former England batting coach Graham Gooch. But in the first Test against the West Indies, I think he overdid it. The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 with a near perfect stance. Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his front foot is far too open. It means that he has a long way to go to get to off stump, and he doesn't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself.
Tiger Woods finished in the top 20 for the first time since 2013 at Augusta National. The American was paired with Rory McIlroy in the final round of the Masters. But Woods was unable to challenge runaway winner Jordan Spieth. The world No 1 will not say when he will play next after this. 'I like what I'm doing, so I'm going to go back and work on that,' Woods said.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko. Spurs have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks. Paris St-Germain are also watching the Ukrainian star. Tottenham are also keen on Everton winger Kevin Mirallas. Click here for more Tottenham transfer news.
Hugo Lloris is a target for Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. But Tottenham are determined to keep their No 1 at White Hart Lane. Daniel Levy is known to drive a hard bargain in his dealings with clubs. The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6m Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon.
Monaco host Juventus in Champions League quarter-final second leg. Leonardo Jardim's side are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg. Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can reach the semi-final. Bulgarian striker insists the French club did not deserve to lose in Turin.
The 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. The youngster pulls a cheeky face while her father also mimics the mum's pregnant walk in the background. Teri O'Neil, 30, recorded the video when she was six months pregnant with her son Liam.
Osman Yaya, 12, from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, moderated a town hall session with the president on Thursday. During an answer about writer's block, Obama started getting a little long-winded and Osman stepped in. Obama grinned and replied, 'Osman thinks I've been talking too long' 'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said as the audience laughed.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday. Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation.
Florian Thauvin has been left out of Marseille's squad for this weekend's game with Metz. The winger was the subject of enquiries from Spurs earlier in the year and has also been watched by Chelsea and Valencia. Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac with English sides keen on both.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in Boston, America. At first the driver lets the radio take command and Pavarottis distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab. He then begins singing along himself  loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road.
Incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India. Watched on by a crowd of bystanders, the ward beats the leopard twice on the head as it tries to slash him with its claws. Despite being injured on the floor and unable to move, the courageous ward continued to fend off the big cat with his stick.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet. In the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself. Once he's finished, he puts down both the seat and flushes before running out.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton in Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days and was being cared for in hospital. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair. The nurse is clearly shocked as she screams before she grabs Bailey and hugs her tightly. Both then burst into tears as other staff look on in the corridor. The child's nurse says: 'I told you, just keep that faith'
The video was created by the Make it Fair Project to highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood. 'We won't relent 'til it's 100 per cent,' the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the PSA.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, films his unsuspecting friend in a van. The plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass. He then films his friend, who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone. A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on the man's knuckles. The video has gone viral after receiving over one million views.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung. It shows a hairless creature biting through a steel cage with a bleeding mouth. The description claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The vision has fuelled heated debates around the species of the ambiguous beast. Some claim it is a mythical 'water monster' and others that it's a diseased Malaysian Bear.
Children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent. The video, called The Unique Connection, was created by Pandora to celebrate Mother's Day and the special bond between mother and child. It has so far been viewed 2.8 million times and attracted the attention of celebrities.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their childs health at risk, scientists claim. They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk - which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life. UHT longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral, academics from Reading University found. The organic milk industry last night issued a swift rebuttal.
Shibu Inu and husky dogs are filmed conversing at an American Kennel Club centre. One of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound before opening its mouth. The Shibu InU begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky whines. Passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping, whining and barking at one another.
A snowboarder in Japan is seen using a selfie stick to film himself in action. The man is enjoying the slopes in the country's Chiisagata District. But he is oblivious to the chairlift swinging into view behind him. The empty chairlift deals him a heavy blow to the head. And the final indignity sees him fall to the ground while still filming himself.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy videoed themselves descending Dunedins Baldwin Street on their trikes. Baldwin Street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest with a 35% gradient. The sleeves wrapped around the tyres are what allow the group to control their slide while drifting.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon. But with less than 100m to go, Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second.
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. 'Well done, Saskia. As a result, I will not be dumping you [lucky you], he wrote in red pen on the cover of the test along with some feedback. Saskia correctly identified the Arsenal away strip although she didn't recall the score of the 2014 FA Cup final.
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen. However, he keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points in Montreal on Saturday. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year. 'My ego is a little bruised that I didn't get a finish and didn't put on my best performance but Im happy with the win,' he said. All three judges gave him the nod by a score of 29-28.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. Luckily, the puss still has eight lives left to spare...
The footage was captured at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province. The woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs. Four people then attach themselves to the wood and the plank is lifted onto the womans feet by the assistants.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday at 4pm. Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch. Ozil compared his watch to TV character Michael Knight in the hit action show Knight Rider. Jack Wilshere is expected to start for Arsene Wenger's side at the Emirates.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United worth in the region of £80,000-a-week. The 25-year-old England centre-back had been linked with a move to Arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at Old Trafford. Smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions, including being pictured going to a fancy-dress party as a suicide bomber last year.
Jon Jones is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman, according to Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik. The pregnant woman was sent to hospital with non life-threatening injuries, Drobnik said following a collision with another vehicle. If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday. The pair played for New York Cosmos in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt in the following years. They turned the Empire State Building green to celebrate the start of the North American Soccer League season this weekend.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract with Derbyshire. The South Africa Test captain will play five matches for the club. Amla will replace Martin Guptill, who has been called up to South Africa's Test squad for the Test series against England.
Baron the German Shepard was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink, before loading them into the dishwasher. To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times.
Around 30 drivers live in RVs in a parking lot in Seattle's SoDo area. John Warden, 52, has been living in his vehicle for years after his apartment burned down and he was left homeless. Bud Dodson, 57, works as a maintenance man in the parking lot and watches over the lot in exchange for a spot.
Allan Donald has confirmed he is to step down as South Africa bowling coach. The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011. Donald said: 'I have had some time to reflect after the World Cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on'
Mo Farah will race over 1500 metres at the Birmingham Grand Prix. The double Olympic champion will step down in distance for Diamond League event. It will be the first time the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the European record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in Monaco in 2013.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. This included changing the commands sent by an operator to the robot, modifying signals or hijacking - completely taking over - the robot. And they were also able to easily stop the robot from ever being properly reset, thus effectively making a surgical procedure impossible While this experiment was performed in a controlled environment and not on the operating table, the researchers
Jia Jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected, film them and put them up on his blog. On day one, he went up to a security guard and asked if he could borrow $100. The security guard said no, and Jia almost broke into a run to get away. He said he looked like the man in Munchs The Scream.
The new 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds. The interior of a manual version of the Audi soft-top can be seen here. BAD.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died in front of horrified family members and holidaymakers. She was knocked over by the 38-year-old Canadian woman on the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall of China. Police interviewed the tourist, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, and ruled the death an accident.
Jimmy Abdou and Magaye Gueye scored in the dying minutes of the game. Martyn Waghorn and Ed Upson were both sent off for Wigan. Jason Pearce was also dismissed for a dreadful tackle on Aiden O'Brien. The win keeps the Championship relegation battle alive and throws the pressure onto Rotherham United.
Benik Afobe scored the winner in the 25th minute at the DW Stadium. Wigan had James McClean sent off for a second bookable offence. The Latics are now on the verge of relegation after a dreadful season. The result means Wigan must hope Rotherham fail against Reading on Tuesday and Leeds United win at Griffin Park on the last day.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, from Coventry, became addicted to Red Bull in 2009. She drank 24 cans a day leaving her lethargic, depressed and anxious. The law student spent £5,460 every year on the popular energy drink. She was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure. After seeing a hypnotherapist she claims she has been cured of her addiction.
Michael Essien's £75,000 Range Rover Vogue stolen from his Surrey home. The 4x4 was stolen from the driveway of the property in Cobham. Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour on the same day. Essien left Chelsea for AC Milan in January 2014 after eight seasons at Stamford Bridge.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to sign four new players this summer. Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 Premier League season. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsenal have been keeping track of Aleksandar Dragovic but the Austrian is a target for Inter Milan. Aymen Abdennour has not long extended his Monaco deal until 2019.
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car, witnesses told police. Albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for Jones on Monday. They said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash. Jones handed himself in later the same day.
The images were released along with a number of key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight, 49, should stand trial on murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges. Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Terry Carter and trying to kill Cle 'Bone' Sloan.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti will not rush into a decision on Javier Hernandez. The striker on loan from Manchester United has scored four goals in four for the Spanish giants. The Mexico international is on a season-long loan from Old Trafford. Up next for Real is Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games. The 26-year-old has one year left on his current deal at Old Trafford. Real Madrid have 48 hours to make a decision on Hernandez's future. Click here for more Real Madrid transfer news.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006. Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK and in branches of Tesco in Scotland.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old who's represented Fargo since 2002, sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man in Bismarck named Dustin Smith. Smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story, and explicit photo, to the press. But, while admitting he's gay and uses Grindr, the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career. McCoy has 4,357 winning memories. Eddie Arcaro had 4,779, including five Kentucky Derbys. McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family, friends and his closest racing colleagues.
Suge Knight laughed in court on Thursday as he revealed he hopes Floyd Mayweather will bail him out after winning his next fight. The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. Despite walking confidently into court, he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as Judge Ronald Coen rejected his pleas.
Michael and Rosalia Juskin had a 'history of domestic issues,' according to Bergen County Prosecutor John L. Molinelli. A motive for the apparent murder-suicide on Sunday night had not yet been determined. A relative, who was not inside the home at the time of the killings, discovered the bodies Monday morning and called police.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring. The 51-year-old, dubbed the Dark Destroyer, has certainly still got what it takes. Ilford-born Benn looked as sharp as ever as he joined in a playful pad session with Ricky Hatton at his Manchester gym. Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Conor Benn, Nigels son, ahead of the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Cournswood House is in the south of Buckinghamshire  in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean. There are five bedrooms, four bathrooms (two en suite) and five reception rooms. Apart from the main house, there are two cottages, offices, a swimming pool, Jacuzzi, gym, and woodland with lakes, Japanese-style bridges, waterfalls and fountains.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions that took place within three hours in Houston. Police say he ran a red light and slammed his Dodge pickup truck into a Honda Civic at around 6.3opm Sunday. Joshua Medrano, 6, who was a passenger in the sedan, was fatally injured. His mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Several hours earlier, according to police, the 34-year-old man struck and killed 61-
The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small. Victoria Miller, who researched the codpiece for her PHD, said they would have been far too modest for Henry VIII's court. This is one of a number of inaccuracy spotted in the big budget adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books. It is said to have been done so as not to offend and baffle the shows American audience.
Micah Richards' contract at Manchester City expires at the end of the season. The defender is currently on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina. The 26-year-old is set on a return to the Premier League next season. Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are all interested.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night. The pair had to be separated during the weigh-in after getting too close. At 21, VanZant has been hyped as the UFC's next big thing. She is bidding to become the youngest-ever champion in the company's history.
Former 2Day FM co-host Mel Greig has written an open letter to the media. The 33-year-old shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake. She asks various media outlets to learn from the tragedy of Ms Saldana's death and to be sensible when it comes to covering the birth of the second royal baby.
Paige VanZant dominated Felice Herrig in her second UFC fight. The 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30- 26 and 30-27 in just her second fight in the promotion. 'It's like my birthday every time I walk out to the cage,' the strawweight said. 'I started crying before the fight was over'
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with a physio and his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow as he continues his recovery. The West Ham striker had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February. The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for his side's lack of possession. But the Blues are getting the job done, it's as simple as that. Mourinho needs to be more expansive in the Champions League next season - that's for sure.
More than 70 per cent of those who voted believe Manchester United will win the title next season. If Louis van Gaal is to take United back to the very top, hell need more than Memphis Depay. United need a quality right back  Nathaniel Clyne has been linked and the Southampton man would be perfect. Luke Shaw has the potential to be an all-time great at United. Radamel Falcao is the closest challenger to Eden Hazard for Player of the Year. Ander Herrera and Marouane Fellaini have been big positives this season.
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January. The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Champions League winners. The Norwegian has trained with Carlo Ancelotti's first team regularly since his arrival, rubbing shoulder's with Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle beat Celtic 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final. David Raven scored the winner at Hampden Park on Sunday. Celtic wrote to the SFA to complain about a penalty not awarded. Celtic are like the brat of a child, over-indulged by parents. Scottish football needs wiping out and starting again.
Dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe. The lioness had been chasing the giraffe, which can grow to six metres tall, with its pride. But other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog and chose to chase the easier prey.
Chevrolet confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the standard issue Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van has bolts that are built into the door and don't stick out. The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into Gray's death. A Chevrolet spokesman said that law enforcement agencies are known to customise their own vehicles.
Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang is available for around £6million. The 23-year-old has made 84 appearances for the Serie A club. Obiang has been capped at youth level by Spain, having started out at Atletico Madrid. Chief executive Tony Scholes was understood to be in the stands as Sampdoria played out a 1-1 draw with Verona on Wednesday.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the formation above Zuccoli -25km southeast from Darwin - on Friday morning. The mother of-four said she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works. 'I was pretty shocked when I saw it. I couldn't believe my eyes - it seems even mother nature has a sense of humour!'
Comical adverts from the latter half of the 20th century have been unearthed. Men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from hit series Mad Men about them. Almost always on their arm is an attractive lady, usually not wearing a great deal. There seems to be a large association between alcohol, sport and attractiveness.
Violent protesters in Baltimore, Maryland injured several police officers on Monday, throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor. While most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters, at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live TV. Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray.
Marlon Samuels scored 103 against England in second Test in Antigua. West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League. But Test cricket is what players will be remembered for in the modern world. I never played in an easy Test. There is no easy option during five hard-fought days.
Floyd Mayweather has dismissed Conor McGregor's comments about being able to 'kill' the boxer inside 30 seconds. The undefeated champion claims that the Irish UFC star is just looking to gain some attention off the back of the media frenzy surrounding his fight with Manny Pacquiao. McGregor fights Jose Aldo on July 11, as his metaphoric rise in the UFC continues.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, is accused of removing womens teeth with pliers and a screwdriver during sex. A Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s. The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too 'afraid' to say anything.
The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi. Libya's second largest city was seized by the hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year. It is not clear whether Volcano is simply using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is actually involved in the conflict.
State's new Community Services Minister Brad Hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $12 million. He said he was unsure as to why public housing tenants have never been made to pay a bond similar to that paid by private renters. The Minister said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year. The Tenants' Union said tenants were already liable if they caused damage to properties.
Former Treasurer Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government in an opinion piece in the Daily Telegraph on Tuesday. He said there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher, more complicated and less economic. He also slams Labor and the Greens, saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap Australians in poverty. Treasurer Joe Hockey was not impressed with the Costello critique, lamenting the fact his Liberal predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the Howard government.
Teana Walsh is an assistant prosecutor in Wayne County, Michigan. She made the unhinged post on her Facebook page late Monday night. Walsh said that seeing protesters throwing rocks led her to the conclusion they should be shot. At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment.
James Houlder fell ill while on holiday at the Sonesta Beach Resort in Sharm El Sheikh. He and girlfriend Vicki Hood say they were violently ill with diarrhoea. Mr Houlder, 30, has since developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) He says he has been forced to take time off or away from work.
Researchers studied stone tools used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. They found the human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. Traditionally, scientists believed that innovation in weapons enabled humans to spread out of Africa to Europe. But the new study argues Neanderthals were just as well-equipped as their human counterparts.
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital. The seven-hour operation involved two cranes, seven police cars, two fire engines and 11 medics. It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison.
Former Indonesian army general Prabowo Subianto twice privately assured Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved. It's understood he penned a letter at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to 'postpone the executions indefinitely', he would come out in support of the decision. Independent senator Nick Xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that Mr PrabOWo was'very sympathetic' to clemency. This comes after a senior Indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed B
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia. In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole. Recent evidence is revealing how this will compare to the ancient supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea. Using new techniques, researchers can now start examining the changes due to take place over the next tens of millions of years.
Manchester United scouts checked on Porto striker Jackson Martinez. The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million. The Colombia international came close to joining AC Milan in January but the club failed to agree a fee. United are looking to add two strikers this summer.
Elon Musk introduced the Powerwall device at a press conference in California last night and said the technology could 'change the world' The device could be in homes by the end of summer and will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper. Powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs, and can be installed on an outside or inside wall. The 'daily use' version has a capacity of 7 kilowatt-hours, which is around a quarter of a home's daily usage.
Natasha Flint bagged a first-half hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from goal down to secure an impressive victory at Seaview. England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up. Saturday's defeat to Norway could yet prove costly.
Alastair Cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing Shannon Gabriel on for 76. Cooks problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific. The key for him is not to play the drive too early, when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right. Meanwhile, Jonathan Trott still looked a little frenetic at the start of his innings, certainly for those first 10 to 15 runs when he was searching for the ball and driving.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street. Her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country along with the Baltimore police chief who said: 'I wish there were more parents out there who took charge of their kids tonight' Miss Graham said she 'just lost it' when she saw her son carrying a rock and walking towards police officers.
Iranian patrol vessels fired warning shots across the bridge of the Marshall Islands-flagged cargo vessel the Maersk Tigris Tuesday morning. Four days earlier, Iranian boats forced a US-flagging merchant ship, the Maerksk Kensington, to Iran's Larak Island after firing warning shots. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic Strait of Hormuz. Iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with Denmark's giant MaersK group.
Twiggy, 65, models new summer range for high street store. Takes inspiration from 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season. Says she has never had cosmetic surgery but hasn't ruled it out. Admits she is 'totally against Botox' as it is 'poisonous'
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. QPR travel to face West Bromwich Albion on Saturday. Ramsey supports John Barness assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked. The 52-year-old manager thinks that discrimination isnt exclusive to race and that the Rooney Rule might be the solution.
Donatella Versace, 59, is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand, but for rival design house Givenchy. Givenchy designer Riccardo Tisci revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on Instagram yesterday, posting a black and white photo of himself and Donatella.
Former heavyweight boxing champion David Haye was stopped at Dubai International Airport and questioned over allegations that he wrote a £341,000 cheque which bounced. The cheque, worth 1.8million Emirati Dirham, was intended as a final payment on a newly-built property, as part of a deal with developers Emaar. Writing a cheque that later bounces is a crime in Dubai, and can be punishable with jail, a fine, and being ordered to pay the amount. Haye has not been seen in the boxing ring since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012.
Joe Root showed plenty of grit, as well as talent, in yet another big innings for England. Root has bounced back from a difficult Ashes Tour to prove himself as a quality Test batsman. The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card. Alastair Cook has shown the danger of making your best player the captain.
Raheem Sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract at Anfield. The 20-year-old is seen taking a drag from the large orange pipe. One single shisha session is equal to smoking around 200 cigarettes. Jack Wilshere became embroiled in his third smoking controversy in 15 months after a picture emerged of the Arsenal midfielder holding a shisha pipe.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson tweeted Erin Andrews on Monday. He said: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend' Stoll was arrested in Las Vegas for trying to smuggle cocaine and MDMA. He was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test. Andrews responded to the news then by saying: 'He mocking anyone now?'
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. The bizarre deep sea creatures are known to swim vertically as well as eating sections of their own tail. Scientists have been unable to explain why they self-amputate, but some have proposed it is a form of protection.
Anders Lindegaard and Misse Beqiri have been dating since 2012. The couple married in a romantic beach wedding in Mauritius last year. The Danish international has struggled for minutes at Manchester United. He has made just 19 league appearances in five seasons at Old Trafford. But the 31-year-old is winning away from the pitch.
Lance Armstrong admits groups such as WADA, USADA and others are owed an apology for his offences. WADA director general David Howman said this week that he was disappointed Armstrong hadn't apologised. Armstrong initially declined comment on Howman's remark but then revealed his attempt to meet him in 2013. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005.
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI after being criticised by the inquiry into the Lance Armstrong doping scandal. The Independent Commission for Reform in Cycling's (CIRC) report concluded that theUCI had colluded with Armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times Tour de France winner had doped. He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. He is Manchester Citys Head of the Elite Development. Vieira worked as Football Development Executive at City before becoming reserve team manager. The Frenchman is one of the potential candidates in the frame to replace Manuel Pellegrini if he were to leave.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have been brilliant in the second half of the season. But without Michael Carrick they look far more vulnerable in midfield. Borussia Dortmund's Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender fit the bill. Henrikh Mkhitaryan could also be on his way to Old Trafford.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea on Sunday. He didn't impact the game enough to affect the result. Cesc Fabregas would have had a bigger impact in that team this season. Arsenal fans want Ozil to be a hero but that is merely a sign of their low expectations.
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September. Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques. Sainsbury's opened its first store in Egypt in 1999, hoping to capitalise on a growing Arabic middle class which was still largely reliant on corner shops for groceries. But the business made an overall loss of almost £35million, due in part to being placed on a religious boycott list over alleged links with Israel. Mr Coupe is believed to have travelled to the Middle Eastern country last Sunday to appeal the conviction.
Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to football. The 36-year-old retired last May after 15 years at his boyhood club. Reports claim he could return to playing with New York City or Al-Sadd. He could join up with Frank Lampard or former team-mate Xavi. Click here for more Barcelona news.
The Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains. He was struck by a falling icicle, causing a collection of blood under the skin called a haemotoma. The blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising, leaving him in pain and unable to walk. In order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow. He used items in his first aid kit which included a gas lamp, a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antise
Rickie Lambert has scarcely been given a chance since joining Liverpool. The England striker played 90 minutes 20 times last season, made 31 starts, and unlike any Liverpool player in the scoring charts this season, easily got into double figures. Contrast that with this campaign when in terms of Premier League minutes on the pitch Lambert has played the equivalent of roughly six-and-a-half games. For Rodgers to ignore him when they have desperately needed goals is illogical.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras. To accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone. During tests with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy. This accuracy was highest when scanning the ear due to its more unique shape and size. There's no news yet on when the feature might be made
SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle. Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines. It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for men's clothing brand, Jacamo. The personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer, Freddie Flintoff, 37, as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand's summer campaign. The advert was filmed in Palma, Majorca, and sees Toby showing off his supermodel pout.
The robots, collectively called Avert, are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece. They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera. The sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention, while avoiding obstacles. While the system may seem creepy, it could have important applications for bomb disposal teams. The team has been working on the technology since 2012 and says a production model could be ready in 2016.
Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' Nasa's reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate' Roscosmos will try to make contact with the spacecraft tonight as it makes another series of passes over Russian ground stations.
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites, including Mars Bars, Snickers, Bounty, Twix and Cherry Ripe. She has published the recipes through her best-selling food app, Hippie Lane. Gabrielian grew up on a diet of Milo and Nutella, but ever since she converted to healthy versions, she's never looked back.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses, valued at more than $2,000, had been taken out of a display case during business hours. Colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft.
The Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby. It connects to an app on a users Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet. The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres) The card was created by Joel Paglione and Niko Zistakis from Chicago. They claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. in Las Vegas. The WBA super-middleweight champion was forced to pull out with a shoulder injury. Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night.
Fitness company Protein World caused a Twitter storm with its London Underground poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini. The poster, promoting weight loss, came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming. Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad. Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster, this time featuring three curvaceous women.
Fabio Lovato, 30, proposed to Laura Knight, 29, in their local Cineworld. He created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for Fast and Furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in Australia. The one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words 'Laura I have a question for you'
Researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach. When threatened, the bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' It can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker. This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the University of Arizona. The research not only reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail, but also solves a long-standing mystery.
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years. The stadium hosted acts such as Three Dog Night, Ringo Starr, Black Sabbath, Simon & Garfunkel, Alice Cooper, Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin. The pictures of how the Rubber Bowl looks now were taken by photographer Seph Lawless as part of his project called Autopsy of America.
Paul Smith will face Andre Ward in Oakland, California on June 20. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title. Smith failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham's WBO belt. Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his black Saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the Manchester Marathon on April 19. But when the runner from Wolverhampton finished the race he was unable to remember where he had parked it. He spent hours searching for his missing car, even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him. Adam Coppin, 32, from Salford, read of Mr Matthews's plight and decided to use his day off to help. He found the car safe and sound in an office car park in S
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. A note on the cardboard container, left on a woman's car, indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died. As Kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens, she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk. Her pregnant sister, Kat, also helped out with mothering duties, letting the pups play in her fur.
Alastair Cook's captaincy and batting were key to England's win. Cook looks completely in charge of this England team. England must remember that, having won a crucial toss, they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world. There is still work to be done and there is clearly a concern over Jonathan Trott.
Jack Grealish was pictured taking so-called hippy crack, a legal high, after a night out nearly a year ago, with the image published in The Sun on Thursday. The PFA will look to increase their education to players on the risks of nitrous oxide, also known as laughing gas. Users say it creates feelings of euphoria and light-headedness but drug advice website Frank warns there is a risk of death as a lack of oxygen can occur
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him. The 23-year-old removed a ring box from a bag around his waist. His girlfriend, Kayleigh Harris appears speechless by the sudden gesture. Jordan was running the race to help raise funds for the Salvation Army.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner.
Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles. She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom. Kayonna said that the particular type of tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to that of a bee sting.
Officers searched An Noor community centre in west London last night. They also visited the Wembley home of Burnell Mitchell, 61. Mr Mitchell is a director at the community centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach. A 61-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder. Leslie Cooper, 36, has appeared in court charged with murdering Mr Ar wani.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey will attend the Punchestown Festival this week. McCoy will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara, both battling degrees of paralysis after bad falls. The 17-year-old winner of Saturday feature bet365 Gold Cup on Just A Par has lifted the champion conditional jockey crown earlier than McCoy managed.
The cute calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently. But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. The clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path, eventually losing his balance altogether. Eventually he fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud.
Tony McCoy won his 4,000th race at Wetherby on November 7, 2013. He has won virtually every big race in the calendar but McCoys greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden. Peter Scudamore rode an incredible 1,678 winners but has seen his achievements dwarfed by AP McCoy.
Boeing 747-8 is believed to have cost a mystery billionaire £400million. It was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period. It contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen, with a lounge and'state room' at the back of the plane. More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck, with eight full beds.
Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail with the 2015 Major League Soccer season well under way in the United States. The 30-year-old from Bexleyheath discusses his family's visits to Portland, coming up against Orlando City's Brazilian star Kaka and the upcoming clash against fierce rivals Seattle Sounders.
The footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque. It shows the youngster named Jazmine approaching its mother Rozie. With its front left leg already placed on its mothers neck, the young elephant clambers onto her with its right leg.
The Fulton County medical examiner's office identified the woman as 25-year-old Alexia Christian. The incident happened on Thursday afternoon near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta. Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw Christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck. At one point Christian fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, critically wounding her.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. It is also available in a compact van format (£10,590, excluding VAT and road tax)
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in the Northern Territory, was gifted his new friend by a fan. Sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said the kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny, but soon tired of it. Mr Barnes rescued Roger in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway.
Jessica McCarty faces three counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of her three children in Palm Bay, Florida, on March 20. McCarty's partner, Christopher Swist, who was dating McCarty at the time of the alleged murders, found the children unresponsive and called the police. Lacey, seven, Phillip, six, and five-month-old Christopher were pronounced dead at the home. Christopher was on life support at Florida Hospital for Children but lost his fight for life in the days following the attack. Swist said he had a close bond with all of the children and gave them all nicknames
Hector Morejon was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. According to her attorney, his mother, Lucia Morejon, was at home when she heard the shots. She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance. 'When he saw her, he propped himself partially up and cried to her, 'Mommy, Mommy, please come,Please come!' '
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Arnold Palmer was the first man to birdie both the final two holes at Augusta to win the Masters in 1960. Sandy Lyle sent his 1-iron tee shot into the bunker guarding the left side of the fairway in 1988. Doug Ford blasted his ball out of the trap and straight into the cup on the 18th.
Stella, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell, who worked as a diplomat. She was born in Belgium and was raised there until she was 13. In one of her many moves, her family relocated to Canberra, Australia, then Wellington, New Zealand thanks to her father's job. The young model now splits her time between New York and Los Angeles.
Medical and law enforcement sources told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van' They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12. The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop. It is not known why the van stopped at the corner of North Fremont Ave and Mosher Street before it made another two stops then finally transported Gray to the hospital.
The fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak and has a taste. Realising that its tongue is stuck to the frozen beef steak, the fly begins squirming in its attempts to break free. As the video goes on the fly tries harder and harder to set itself free  beating its legs, heaving itself backwards and twisting slightly. Eventually the video maker intervenes and sets the creature free.
Saige, five, from the US, has had enough of living with her mother for five years. In the video titled, 'Saige is mad and she's moving on', the determined little girl, gives her mother a stern nod and replies: 'Yes I am!' Saige says she's been in the house 'way too long... for, like, five years'
Shanghai has been home to the Chinese Grand Prix since its first race in 2004. The track layout is challenging and offers great reward for getting the line through the sequence of fast turns spot on, in the middle of the lap especially. Ricardo Zonta featured late on in the 2004 season, and is pictured in his Toyota during qualifying with the main grandstand in the background. Rubens Barrichello's 2004 win would be his last for the team. In a totally bizarre incident, Michael Schumacher steps out his wreck of a Ferrari which rests on the side of the track.
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years. There was still two months to go before the inaugural Bahrain Grand Prix in 2004 when this photo was taken, and you won't be surprised to know little has changed since. The in-field has had a cosmetic makeover, while after the tight turn to the right of your picture you can follow the extended endurance version of the track.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen. It was the Briton's third win in four races and extended his lead in the championship to 27 points over his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Hamilton's performances are almost certainly the most complete of his career.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National Golf Club. Mark O'Meara, Billy Joe Patton and Seve Ballesteros feature in the top 20. The 79th Masters takes place at Augusta on Thursday and Friday. Click here for the second part of our countdown.
Lewis Hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers' championship after winning the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton led the field on the run down to Turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races. Nico Rosberg was second and Ferraris Sebastian Vettel third.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad for the clash against Ireland. The left-handed batsman and left-arm spinner also has an eye on a career in academia one day. The 23-year-old graduated from Cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology.
Nicklas Bendtner was not included in the Wolfsburg squad for Sunday's draw against Schalke as punishment for turning up late for training on Friday. The Denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping. Dieter Hecking said he would have started the match if he hadn't turned up late.
Little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas. But the Silverback at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo was less amused. He decides enough is enough, and runs at the onlookers. The gorilla then launches himself, and his hundreds of pounds, at the little girl, hitting the glass.
Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage when playing in front of a home crowd.
Raheem Sterling was told in no uncertain terms by Liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer. The message was 'Hold Nothing Back' as Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the Centenary Stand. The new gingham design, presented to supporters at Anfield on Friday, is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance. New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers.
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit. New Balance will supply the Merseyside club for the 2015-16 season. Sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years. Let us know your favourite strips in the comments section at the bottom.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US, despite their world-record deal with adidas. The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. However, their existing deal with Nike runs until the end of July and Sportsmail understands there is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early.
West Ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with Umbro. The Hammers last wore an Umbro strip between 2007 and 2010. Umbro supplied the kit for the great West Ham team of the sixties. The likes of Bobby Moore, Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters famously wore the claret and blue in their 1964 FA Cup and 1965 European Cup Winners' Cup triumphs.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday. At least 10,000 fans stayed away from last Sunday's 3-1 defeat to Spurs. Fans are unhappy at the club's lack of ambition, despite owner Mike Ashley having £34million in the bank. Supporters' group AshleyOut.com have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match against Swansea.
Bon Apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread. Run it under water before baking it in the oven. The water turns to steam, which rehydrates the breads crumb, or interior, while the heat of the oven firms up the crust. Nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says the trick does actually work.
Manchester United will play four games in the United States this summer. Louis van Gaal's side will play Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and Paris Saint-Germain. The Premier League giants will play in the International Champions' Cup. Van Gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling United had to do last year.
Ben Stokes has forged a reputation as a fiery character in the England cricket team. He clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test between West Indies and England. England must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on. You want the character as long as the end product is runs and wickets.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly in July. The French side knocked Jose Mourinho's side out of the Champions League. The Blues will also face the New York Red Bulls on July 22 and Barcelona six days later in Washington. Chelsea fans will then get to see their side before the Premier League campaign kicks-off with a friendly against Fiorentina on August 5.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) The data was gathered using Google Trends. In the UK, chlamydia seemed to cause most concern, and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed STD in the country according to official figures. However, in the US herpes was the most searched. for term across the country, with Georgia being the state with the most searches for. the virus. Norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' generating most searches per capita. In Europe, Russia seemed to be the most concerned about
Kaka showed off an 'I belong to Jesus' vest after AC Milan's Champions League win against Liverpool in 2007. The Brazilian midfielder, who is deeply religious, was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes. Daniel Sturridge, the Liverpool forward, talks openly about giving the glory for his deeds to God. Javier Hernandez always dropped to his knees to pray before kick off when he played for Manchester United.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. He took the QPR position after Harry Redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out. Ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and, guess what, it has not been an easy job to refloat it.
Floyd Mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard stuffed with $100 bills. Total cost, according to his favourite website TMZ, is $25,000. Pay-per-view watchers in America will have to pay up to $100 (£67.48) to watch the fight. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20.
Pattie Boyd has tied the knot for the third time, this time with Rod Weston. The 70-year-old model was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past. She is now the sole surviving first wife of a Beatle following the death of John Lennon's ex-wife Cynthia.
Raheem Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool. The 20-year-old has been called avaricious, capricious, disloyal and impressionable. Sterlings ability has been questioned and his contribution to Liverpool has been mocked. Liverpool are a great club and they are on the rise again. And I cant think of any better manager than Brendan Rodgers.
Kell Brook could have had the blockbuster fight he craves against Amir Khan if only his promoter had minded his words. Now that Battle of Britain  potentially at Wembley Stadium  may never take place. So says Khan's father Shah as his son gets ready to finally confirm the over-criticised Chris Algieri as his opponent in New York. Brook will be defending his world welterweight title against Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20.
Floyd Mayweather Jr is boxings undisputed braggart - and a brilliant performer in the ring. Mayweather will take on Manny Pacquiao on Saturday in the most eagerly awaited fight of the century. He is scorned as a great vulgarian, a gaudy show-off, boxing's thug king, and yet more than any other modern fighter he embodies the mastery of some of its finest skills.
James Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Anderson has always been at his best when allowed simply to bowl his natural away-swinging deliveries. Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to play his natural game when on England duty. In Pakistan, Nasser Hussain even described Anderson as un-English
John Terry is enjoying some of the best football of his career. Arsenal's tempo dropped after the half time break against Chelsea. The Gunners needed to ask a different question of the Chelsea defence. If Danny Welbeck had played through the middle, his pace could have unsettled Chelsea. Jose Mourinho has made good use of his squad.
Arsene Wenger can not be underestimated, according to Martin Keown. It's not just about style, but Wenger plays to win, says the former Arsenal defender. Jose Mourinho has a brilliant record against Wenger and always finds a way to win. Cesc Fabregas wouldn't have benefited Arsenal had he joined the Gunners.
Sami Khedira has not played as often as he would have liked at Real Madrid since last summer's World Cup. Manchester United have maintained an interest in the Germany international since failing to sign him in August 2013. Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack for the summer. Juventus and Monaco are understood to have held discussions this week about the possibility of a deal for Radamel Falcao.
Paris Saint-Germain have opened primary discussions with Paul Pogba over a possible move from Juventus. Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City's 29-year-old winger Jesus Navas. Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer. Stoke have made an enquiry about Dnipro flyer Yevhen Konoplyanka. Everton are keen to keep hold of midfielder Mohamed Besic. Click here for more transfer news.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will step on the scales next Friday. For the first time in the annals of boxing, fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in. The decision to sell tickets for this one has been made in the interests of safety, not profit. Wladimir Klitschko has admitted that he is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday.
Aston Villa have struggled to compete in recent years but are a proper club. Tim Sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances. But for all the excitement Villa fans must be patient. Villa won the European Cup in 1982 and while theres nothing wrong with being ambitious, fans have to be realistic.
Ander Herrera's form at Manchester United has not gone unnoticed at Barcelona. The Spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi. Manchester United and Stoke City had scouts posted at Pacos de Ferreira last weekend as they played out a 1-1 draw with Sporting Lisbon. Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson as they look to keep the England international at Anfield. Stoke City, Nottingham Forest, Sunderland and Newcastle are among clubs showing interest in Shrewsbury Town winger Josh Ginnelly.
Spain won the European Championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their World Cup failure. Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles and can now hand over. The natural place to look for fresh, young, well-drilled recruits ready to take on the world is in the Academy graduates. Juan Bernat's arrival to the Champions League quarter-final for Bayern Munich at Porto last Wednesday earned Valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the move.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome on Sunday night. The home side are Ligue 1 top scorers, two points behind the visitors who are leaders and have won seven of Frances last eight Classique matches. Culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity. But it is also a contest which pitches Marseille's ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be. Marseille have not had this many points at this stage since winning the title back in 2010.
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad Stadium. The World Cup winning Frenchman finished his playing career at Manchester City. Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win. He has worked with some of the best managers in the business including Arsene Wenger, Fabio Capello and Roberto Mancini.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. He starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday at Wembley. Arsene Wenger changed the attitude completely at Arsenal. He said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots. Only the truest sportsmen keep going when nobody else cares. Jurgen Klopp may find his mobile doesn't ring quite as hot from the game's biggest clubs as he thinks. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg can't decide how fast to drive.
Arsenal drew 1-1 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon. The match was the latest instalment of the Arsene vs Jose show. Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness chew the fat after the final whistle. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Jack Wilshere is not for sale at the end of the season, according to Arsenal. The 23-year-old is on the list of Txiki Begiristain, Citys director of football. At 23, he is a young English player who could bring down the average age of this City squad  if they could prise him from the Emirates. It is not an easy decision, particularly with the vulgar salaries on offer at the Etihad and the inevitable accusations of being a mercenary.
Italy's Gazzetta dello Sport carried a centre spread photograph of Australia's David Warner during the Cricket World Cup. Tracey Neville has been appointed as England netball coach. Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan are way off the pace in Serie A. Rickie Fowler will bid to break his major duck at the US Masters next week.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence. It's a mystery why Bob Willis now spends life on the Sky Sports undercard. Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood. Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid play on the edge of the rules.
Carlo Ancelotti is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results. Real Madrid have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015. Atletico Madrid have won all three home derbis by a 7-0 aggregate this term. During each of the seven defeats in 11 derbies, his team hasnt scored once. Real have lost to Atletico four times in a season.
Oscar hasn't completed a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since mid-January. The Brazilian midfielder has been substituted or been named substitute in 10 of Chelseas last 11 fixtures. Oscar has not completed a Barclays Premier League match since the 5-0 victory at Swansea City, where he scored twice, 10 days earlier.
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool on Saturday. The former Tottenham boss was in fine form as pundit for the Premier League encounter at the Emirates. Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend the former Spurs boss.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain. The 19-year-old has the same mentality and 'wow factor' as world No 1 Rory McIlroy. Hull has ambitions to be the best in the world and she has a good chance of doing just that.
Wembley Stadium was a great setting for this weekend's two FA Cup semi-final clashes between Arsenal and Reading. The BBC and BT Sport presented their coverage from HQ on Saturday evening. There were also a couple of errors that led to two memorable moments in the coverage. Gary Lineker was left with a spare few minutes to fill.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, world No 3 Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play at the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth. Nick Faldo's last Open will be at St Andrews after his runaway victory at Sir St Andrews.
Gareth Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund star Marco Reus. Real could look to make Javier Hernandez's loan move a permanent one after his goal against Atletico Madrid. Petr Cech could get a dream move to Real Madrid if David de Gea rejects the Spanish giants and signs a new £200,000-a-week deal with Manchester United. Aston Villa will come under pressure to sell striker Christian Benteke this summer if bids pass £30m. Middlesbrough are set to give Jonathan Woodgate a new one-year deal.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby. Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go. He was quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side as United punished them time and time again along the hosts' attacking left. Neville found himself analysing Yaya Toure's poor performance for City.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. It was the 21-year-old's first ever major title and his first major win. Spieth's victory was watched by millions of Americans. The US golfer has a common touch and a depth of sincerity. He has killed the idea that you have to have a cold heart to be a winner.
A potential domestic auction could be sparked for the purchase of Liverpool's Raheem Sterling. Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United are among those watching Sterling ahead of the summer. It could decide where Gareth Bale ends up if one club gets Sterling and the other two miss out. Bale is, from a playing and commercial point of view, a far'safer bet' given his proven CV. But his fee of £75m and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his acquisition would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines.
Tiger Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. Woods practised to spots where he knows the flags will be located over the four days of the tournament. Woods hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs that signified the imaginary holes.
Raheem Sterling could force his way out of Liverpool this summer. The 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current contract. The effect of that would  see the fee Liverpool could command for the forward dramatically reduce. It is understood Liverpool value Sterling as high as £50million. But if Sterling effectively only had one year left on his contract that fee would be reduced considerably.
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton at the Chinese Grand Prix. The German driver blamed the Brit for slowing down and bunching him up. Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August. The 17-year-old Scuderia Toro Rosso driver Max Verstappen showed he has what it takes.
Tim Krul appeared to congratulate Jermain Defoe at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised Krul for his actions. Andrew Flintoff, who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005, joined in the debate on Twitter.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Arsene Wenger's side have won their last three games in all competitions. The Gunners beat Reading in the FA Cup semi-finals last week. But Wenger must not get fooled into thinking he has all the tools at his disposal to challenge for the title next season.
Eden Hazard is among the front-runners to win the PFA Player of the Year award. The Chelsea winger will have to beat off competition from Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea. Jamie Carragher says Chelsea captain John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for Kane or De Gea to give Hazard a better chance of winning. Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho completes the six-man short-list.
Eddie Howe is the reason we are seeing an England manager in the Premier League. Watch Eddie on the touchline and you will see he is the opposite to Mourinho. He is peaceful during a game, relaxed, quiet and controlled. Jamie Redknapp believes Howe was destined for success as soon as got to know him in 2002.
Harry Kane has scored 19 goals in the Premier League so far this season. He has matched Michael Owen's best-ever total for a season. Owen scored 18 goals in 36 Premier League appearances in 1997-98. Kane has won the Player of the Month award three times in a row. He was 500/1 to win the Golden Boot this season, but that doesn't mean he can't do it.
Memphis Depay is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20, without even being PSV's main forward in their attack. The 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest, and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip. Depay was understood to have held a meeting in Manchester as he nears his £25m move to Old Trafford.
Manchester United had four different scorers on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini is now Uniteds go-to guy and Chris Smalling has improved. James Ward-Prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season. He grew up idolising David Beckham and Steven Gerrard, he must score like them. QPR were unlucky to lose against Chelsea, but Ive got a feeling one of the promoted teams will survive. Aaron Cresswell's free-kick against Stoke was the finest we've seen all season.
Aston Villa deserved their victory at Wembley on Sunday. Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch. Tim Sherwood has done a brilliant job with Villa. Of the three promoted teams fighting for their lives at the bottom, Leicester look the most likely to stay up. Chelsea have an incredible record at home and an uncanny ability to win the big games.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend. Jermain Defoe's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby tops the list. Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea also makes the top five. Click here to see how Sportsmail rated the weekend's goals.
Barnet manager Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season. Players on the periphery can make the difference between winning and losing. Allen won a championship with Gillingham and is hoping to soon do the same with Barnet.
Scott Quigg is desperate to fight Carl Frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on July 18. It is looking very likely at the moment that Kell Brook will fight on my May 30 card at the O2 Arena. Many have called for a fight between the IBF's No 5 ranked fighter Frankie Gavin to face Kell Brook. Josh Warrington bids to continue his rise when he takes on Dennis Tubieron in Leeds on Saturday.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. The match is both sides' last chance to win any silverware this season. Sportsmail columnist Jamie Redknapp looks ahead to the Wembley showdown and where the match could be won and lost with individual player duels.
Arsenal host Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday. Martin Skrtel is suspended for the game after stamping on David de Gea. Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace him. Per Mertesacker's lack of pace could be exposed by Daniel Sturridge. Aaron Ramsey and Jordan Henderson should go head-to-head in midfield.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for Bath on Friday night. The former rugby league star began his union career in the centre. Burgess is still adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny. Bath head coach Mike Ford believes Burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country. England have always had a major problem keeping the ball. Carrick keeps the game simple and that's exactly what we need. The fact he has been ignored by England for so long is a sad indictment of where we have been going wrong for so many years. Fans love all-action players like Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard.
Mesut Ozil is an easy target for ex-pros and pundits. But when hes at his best he is worth paying to watch. Ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games. Eden Hazard is already the man Chelsea seek out when they need something special. Newcastle have already earned 35 points this season. Even Jose Mourinho, Arsene Wenger and Louis van Gaal would struggle.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week. There is the possibility of Paul Smith-Andre Ward in the pipeline, Anthony Dirrell versus Badou Jack for the WBC world title and Andre Dirrells IBF world title fight against James DeGale. Anthony Joshua has been added to my May 9 show in Birmingham.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar nicked the ball past David Ospina. Oscar had gone down earlier in the half under the slightest of contact from Hector Bellerin. Cesc Fabregas was booked after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla. Gary Cahill's arm was not in an unnatural position when the ball span up and caught him. There was only one clear penalty for me when Oscar was played clean through on goal and lobbed David O Spina.
Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. Benaud was one of cricket's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge.
UEFA has ordered the final 18 seconds of the European Women's Under 19 Championship qualifier between England and Norway to be replayed following a refereeing error. FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier. Back in 2005 Uzbekistan were playing Bahrain in the Asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg when Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to Bahrain. Uzbekistan only managed a 1-1 draw in the replay and a 0-0 scoreline in the second leg in Manama meant that Bahrain qualified.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palaces first goal. Assistant John Brooks was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move. The speed of it, plus two players blocking his view, made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right.
Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where in the world they ply their trade. If Roy Hodgsons star names moved to Bayern Munich or Barcelona, would the FA tell him not to pick them? The same needs to apply to rugby. Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, for example, are top-class performers for Toulon.
Nick Abendanon played so well for Clermont Auvergne last weekend that Englands policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus. The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the exceptional circumstances get-out clause. It is proving to be more hassle than it is worth. Sam Burgess will start at blindside flanker for Bath against Newcastle on Friday.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes in the Grand National. The horse is owned by McCoy's boss JP McManus. McCoy chose Shutthefrontdoor, a runner with strong credentials. Cause of causes also has very good reasons why he should be backed. He was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival and landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all enjoyed excellent Premier League campaigns. Chambers and Stones are still 20 and Dier is 21, but there are no signs of fear in their games. It helps that all three have had a taste of playing at full back. England manager Roy Hodgson could be tempted to field the trio in a back three for the Three Lions.
Tottenham host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane on Saturday afternoon. Tim Sherwood has got to keep his emotions in check on the touchline. The Villa boss is a passionate man but he cant afford to let things get personal. He did a good job at Tottenham but was still not trusted with the job long-term.
Tony McCoy has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country. The 20-times champion jockey announced his retirement in February. McCoy said the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier. The Northern Irishman said he had initially thought he could go quietly on his final day at Sandown but his agent Dave Roberts helped him come to the decision.
Leicester have won three games in a row in the Premier League. The Foxes were bottom of the table on Christmas Day. Nigel Pearson's side face fellow relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday. QPR and Burnley have shown fantastic spirit in their fight for survival. Sunderland and Hull look paralysed by fear.
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17. Wasps players were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their No 8, Nathan Hughes, for the collision which left George North unconscious last Friday night. Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for the Ospreys and Wales.
AP McCoy was presented with the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright. The 40-year-old was joined by his wife Channelle, daughter Eve and son Archie on his last day of racing. The Irish jockey finished third in the bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park. Cyle Larin and Kaka scored the goals for the visitors. Darlington Nagbe was Portland's biggest threat in the first-half. Aurelien Collin and co stood strong to earn Orlando their second away win.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. The young British athlete says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
British cyclist Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year. Sportsmail's Road to Rio cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track. James supported boyfriend George North during Wales'  Six Nations campaign. The year has been so mentally and physically tough, but now I can finally look forward.
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career. Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Andrew Thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness McCoy's entire career. 'It is a bit like watching Lionel Messi on a horse,' said Thornton. McCoy and Mr Mole will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase on Saturday.
Arsenal have started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of England's top tier. The advent of the First World War meant it was only in 1919 that the club officially began their century-old record. The Gunners only finished fifth in the last pre-war competitive season, but they were nevertheless elected to rejoin the First Division in 191920.
AP McCoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle. Princess Anne described McCoy as 'the epitome of a professional sportsman' Arsene Wenger said he was 'inspired by that kind of dedication and quality and consistency'
AP McCoy will retire after two decades at the top of his sport. The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockeys life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny. Claire says seeing Anthony leave left her heartbroken
McCoy will ride his last two races at Sandown on Saturday. The 40-year-old jockey insists he will never return to professional racing. McCoy will be handed his 20th Champion Jockey trophy by ex-Gunner Ian Wright. A sell-out crowd of 18,000 will be at the Esher track.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a ¬50million (£36m) price tag on Paulo Dybala. Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain are all interested in signing the Argentina international. Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when Palermo lost to Parma.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one. Samantha and Justine marched out in almost identical uniforms; dark slacks and blazers, paired with crisp shirts and sensible shoes. They looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget Deficit airline, ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of Austerity.
74 passengers and seven crew were on board Asiana Airlines flight OZ162. The Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul, South Korea. It is believed to have missed the landing point and skidded off the runway. Japanese media are reporting that the plane spun 180 degrees after impact.
Olivier Giroud admits he gets 'p*****' with people talking about his latest hairstyle rather than his ability on the pitch for Arsenal. Giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about Arsene Wenger praising his animal instincts in Arsenals attack in the build-up to their 0-0 draw with Chelsea. The Arsenal forward, who has scored 18 goals this season, claimed he gets annoyed with people commenting on his slick appearance.
RBS has racked up £50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers. The state-backed giant reached the milestone yesterday as it lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year. RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided, including an extra £334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Theo Walcott has struggled to hold down a first team place under Arsene Wenger. The 26-year-old believes the Gunners have been the 'best team in Europe' in the second half of the season. Walcott believes Arsenal could lift the Premier League next season if everyone stays fit.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League next season. Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday. Francis Coquelin has defended Olivier Giroud after criticism from Henry. The Frenchman has scored 14 Premier League goals for Arsene Wenger's side.
Mario Gomez opened the scoring for Fiorentina in the 43rd minute. Substitute Juan Vargas doubled his side's lead in the 90th minute. Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was sent off shortly before the interval for an apparent dive. Mohamed Salah came close to making it 2-0 but his shot was saved by Danilo.
Dame Sally Davies is said to be concerned at number of children suffering from the condition, which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D. The disease, a scourge of Victorian Britain, was virtually eradicated after the Second World War. But it is returning as more and more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside. Now, it has been reported that Professor Davies has ordered the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence to review the cost of providing vitamin supplements.
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury. Manchester City are interested in signing the England international. Arsene Wenger has told City not to waste their time in trying to sign him. The Arsenal boss has been handed a quadruple fitness boost ahead of Saturday's clash at Burnley with Wilsheres, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection.
Landslides have exposed trails of dinosaur footprints running along a near-vertical rock face in Bolivia. Bolivas Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways. The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs. Some of them are more than a metre in length, indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area.
Ravel Morrison posted a picture of himself posing in his new Lazio bathrobe on his official Instagram account. The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham following a series of disciplinary problems. Morrison signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio in January but a delay in squad registration means he is unable to make his debut for them until next season.
The snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset, illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town. Ironically the pet cat's name is Mouse. The pictures were taken by the cat's owner Jason Bryant who confirmed the inevitable outcome of the encounter.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. Sellers on eBay who end their price with 00 typically receive offers for their goods that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific prices. But sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent more Likely to sell at all.
Yevhen Shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection. The Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass as the Ukrainian's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time. The Belgian league leaders set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence and abandoning passengers aboard the Sewol. But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court that convicted him of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people. Most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip.
The We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. It featured real life fitness influencers Lindy Klim, Sjana Earp, Amanda Bisk, and Juliette Burnett. The models carried tennis rackets, volleyballs, and skipping ropes as they walked the border of the tennis court showcasing high-tech sports-luxe fabrications. Fashion Week star Samantha Harris was one of the few 'traditional' models.
Carlos Bacca gave Sevilla the lead from the penalty spot after five minutes. Zenit hit back in the second half through Salomon Rondon and Hulk. Substitute Kevin Gameiro saved goalkeeper Beto's blushes with a late equaliser to send the tie to extra time.
Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bats wing. Scientists believe the dinosaur, which they have named Yi qi, meaning strange wing, may have glided or even flown through the air. The discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air and shed new light on the evolution of flight.
The Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. Each country was given a score by global consulting firm Henley and Partners, who specialise in residence and citizenship planning. The score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world, and the number of other countries that their citizens can travel to without having to obtain a visa. Finland, Germany, Sweden, the UK and the US, in first position, who are able to access 174 countries. Taking the lowest spots were Afghanistan (ranked at 94), Iraq, (able to visit 31 countries), Pakistan and Somalia.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - has released video showing off 1,700 troops, fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers in impressive military parade. Militant group was formed in 2011 when up to 60 rebel factions in Syria merged to fight the Syrian regime. Their graduation ceremony for trainee soldiers in the Ghouta suburb of Damascus was attended by the militants' leadership. Leader Sheikh Zahran Aloush called for the 'cleansing' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus.
Serena Williams beat Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final. The world No 1 claimed her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years. Williams dedicated the title to her father, who is not in Miami at the moment. The American won the final 10 games in a one-sided final.
Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look. Meanwhile, Steven Khalil showcased breathtaking bridal couture and stunning evening wear in his show.
A leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death to incite more violence. Not all the accounts called for outright violence, but at the very least, the tweets were menacing and ominous. One account - also linked to the recent union protests in New York City and other disturbances - tweeted photos of Gray's funeral.
A man in Hallett Cove, South Australia, smacked a huge wolf spider with a broom. Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the mother and spreading out in all directions on the floor. The scene was greeted by the voice of a woman in the background saying: Ahhhhh, kill it!!
Puffin was seen swimming in the Grand Union canal earlier this month. The confused bird was apparently flying into London along the Thames. The distinctive bird with an orange beak was spotted by an eagle-eyed canal boat resident. The puffin was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket, before being handed to a specialist centre in Dorset to recuperate.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after just 14 minutes at the Nou Camp. Brazil international then added a second on the half hour to make it 5-1 on aggregate. PSG thought they were back in the game between the two goals when Zlatan Ibrahimovic had the ball in the net but he was a yard offside.
Charlie Bothuell IV and Monique Dillard-Bothuell accused of torture and child abuse. Charlie, now 13, was found in basement of family's Detroit townhouse last June. On Tuesday, he testified against his father and stepmother in court. Said his home was a'very terrible' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other children. Revealed he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off. The win gives the United States a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. Williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in Fed Cup for her career.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round of their long-awaited heavyweight rematch in Krakow. Eight years after their first encounter in which Gonzaga delivered a stunning knockout, Filipovic endured a tough opening two sessions before making his move. Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz. Stevie Ray enjoyed a winning debut with a second-round stoppage of Marcin Bandel. Joanne Calderwood was submitted by Maryna Moroz in the first round.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open in the second round. The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells before claiming she needed to chill out. The tennis golden girl looked in good spirits as she posed for pictures with fellow Canadian and beach volleyball star Kerri Walsh Jennings.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. Svetlana Kuznetsova beat Julia Goerges in straight sets in the opening rubber. Russia need one win from Sunday's three matches to reach the final.
A newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside an Ohio sorority house last week. A preliminary ruling from the Muskingum County coroner on Monday said the baby was nearly full term when she was born. The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name. It's the second time a baby has died of asphyxiation at the school. In 2002, a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison.
Chad Geyen, a married father of two from Ramsey, Minnesota, was found dead on Sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home. He had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times, including his own foster son, between 1990 and 2013. He was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct.
Serena Williams will be 34 at the end of a summer that she looks all set to enter without having been beaten on tour in 2015. The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year. Williams will surely extend that winning sequence against the admirable but somewhat limited Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro. The younger of the two famous siblings currently has sore knees that are restricting her practice.
ISIS jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil. Several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment. When doctors refused on the grounds they do not support terror group's activities, the men were brutally murdered. News comes as jihadis reportedly executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province.
Gloucester take on Edinburgh in the European Challenge Cup final on Friday. Jonny May will start on the wing for Gloucester but has lost his England starting place. The 25-year-old's mother taught pop star Ed Sheeran to play the guitar as a youngster.
Serena Williams beat Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 to give USA a 1-0 lead. World No 1 Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup. The winner returns to the World Group and can compete for the Fed Cup trophy next year while the loser will be relegated.
Petra Kvitova beats Caroline Garcia to send Czech Republic into Fed Cup final. Defending champions will face Germany or Russia in November final. Czechs have been in four finals in five years and are looking for their fourth title in a row. The Czechs beat France in straight sets in the semifinals in Paris.
Finnish navy says it noticed underwater target yesterday and again this morning. Border patrol boats first identified an underwater target, before detecting it again early this morning and dropping 'warning' depth charges. Finland shares an 833-mile border with Russia and has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of Russian air force sorties and military border exercises.
The 42nd PFA Awards were held at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair on Sunday evening. Harry Kane is nominated for Player of the Year and Young Player of Year. Manchester City midfielder Frank Lampard and Dele Alli made up an all-star cast. Chelsea's Eden Hazard is the hot favourite to win the award. Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho is also nominated for both awards.
Video shows dozens of militants holding two separate groups captive. At least 16 men are lined up and shot in a desert area while 12 others are filmed being forced to walk down a beach before being beheaded. This follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic Christians on the beach in Libya. It raises fears that ISIS is consolidating its presence on the 'doorstep of Europe', as Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy.
500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow, on the White Sea. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out.
Bolton look to have secured their Sky Bet Championship status after shocking Cardiff to claim a 3-0 triumph in the Welsh capital. Craig Davies bagged a brace after Eidur Gudjohnsen hammered the Trotters in front, with 62-time England international Emile Heskey proving his worth by laying on two assists. Cardiff dominated possession, but were undone far too easily by Neil Lennon's clinical side.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal in straight sets to reach Monte Carlo final. World No 1 is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row. Tomas Berdych beat Gael Monfils 6-1, 6-4 to reach final for first time.
Gloucester fly-half James Hook hasn't given up on earning a Wales recall ahead of this summer's World Cup. Hook will hope to showcase his ability in the European Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh on Friday. The 29-year-old made his Wales debut almost nine years ago and has featured in two World Cup campaigns.
Gruesome photographs show man being led from a van in handcuffs. He is blindfolded and forced to kneel on the floor in Hama, Syria. An executioner, with his face covered, stands behind him with a meat cleaver. The next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head.
Belle Gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles, despite reports police had dropped the investigation. Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work last month. One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped. Ms Gibson has expressed concern over her family's safety in her first comments to media since she admitted her terminal cancer may have been'misdiagnosed' She claimed her son's childcare details, her home address and floor plan had been posted online.
Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments near Grand Valley State University in Michigan. Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about Russian presence on coastline. Concerns have peaked after three Russian ships docked in Olavsvern Naval Base. It is a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of Tromsoe. The base has been closed since 2009 and was put up for sale on eBay. It was originally shut because the country's leaders thought threat from Moscow was reduced.
German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Andreas Lubitz's mental health issues. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive' European regulators warned Germany's aviation authority of inadequacies with its health check-ups in a regular review of air safety enforcement.
Harriet Arkell has tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this Easter. The spiced, sweet rolls with a cross on top used to be eaten all year round. Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic. She compromised, saying they could only be sold on Good Friday, at Christmas and for burials.
Gender equality rules, laid down by the EU Court of Justice, came into effect from December 2012. They meant that many car insurance firms had to change their pricing policies. Car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers, which are female-dominated roles. But insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male, such as construction workers and civil engineers.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall. Good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to stop. She finally turned off the gas at a well-lit Kohls parking lot. Good said Marshall was enraged with her when she pulled over and said, 'What in the hell are you doing? I could arrest you
EE shops are planning to give away free portable chargers. Customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any EE shop. The chargers will be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service if they pay a £20 fee. Almost 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. On the left is the star as seen in 1996, with its dust wrapped tightly around it, while by 2014 in the image on the right, this outflow has been pushed out into an elongated shape. The dramatic changes, in a cosmic blink of an eye relative to the age of the universe, is giving an unprecedented look at how young protostars develop.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain. This can put teenagers at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections between them, altering behaviour, researchers found. However, they discovered a cancer drug may reverse the damage.
A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own. The news outlet Listin Diario reported on January 2 that fanjul and the Clintons discussed Hillary's presidential ambitions during the visit. Casa De Campo is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a Democratic U.S. senator. Sen. Bob Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence of his office. Melgen flew Menendez and
New England Patriots fans probably had their hearts in their mouths if they'd forgotten it was April 1. Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation. According to the caption, it wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago.
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission. It could face millions of pounds in back taxes if they are found to be illegal. Starbucks ran its European division through the Netherlands. But it paid just £1.9million in tax to the Dutch government, from a reported £300million profit.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality. One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus.
Dodge Durango hurtled at 60 mph towards the bus in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Monday at 8.20am as 36 7th grade students were being driven to school. Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene. The driver of the SUV, a 44-year-old man with a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage. He is recovering in a serious condition in hospital. Police are investigating whether his medical history was a factor in the crash.
Steven Allison, 37, had been on the run from the law for a year. He was convicted of sexually assaulting two women in Leeds in 2013. But he failed to turn up at court and fled to Sydney, Australia. He posted pictures of his new life and boasted about his carefree bachelor lifestyle. But police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to track him down.
5,000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year. Around 20 tradespeople die each week as a result of past exposure. Award-winning artist Joe Joiner, from East London, has created a moving new art installation in tribute. Over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to the project.
Ukip source revealed party had planned for Farage to mention number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis. But when it was discovered that antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. Douglas Carswell has refused to endorse Mr Farage's remarks.
Thomas Brock, 30, was shot dead at his home in Pasadena, California. Police say he was involved in a road rage incident with another motorist. Mr Brock was then followed to his home and had a fist fight with the man. The alleged killer left the property but warned he would return with a gun. He then returned with a second suspect and shot Mr Brock dead. Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been charged with capital murder.
A woman was forced to give birth to her son on the Interstate 65 North in Louisville, Kentucky, during gridlock traffic behind President Barack Obama's motorcade. Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital. The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived to assist.
The celebrity chef's iconic Fat Duck was named the eighth best restaurant in the world in the annual poll by luxury magazine Elite Traveler. His London eatery, Dinner by Heston Blumenthal, at the Mandarin Oriental hotel, also scraped through into the top 25. Alinea, run by the uber-talented Grant Achatz has retained its crown for the fourth year running as the best restaurant.
'King of Instagram' Dan Bilzerian forced into making film to avoid jail. He was accused of placing explosives in a tractor and shooting them. Film shows him speaking from a desk in his lavish home, complete with gun-shaped candle holder, an action figurine of himself, and a bizarre painting. He urges people to 'be responsible' and 'follow the rules'
Teachers are struggling to cope with influx of children unable to speak English. They are forced to use Google translate to make lesson plans in other languages. English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention. Oxfordshire teacher Joy Wilson said many staff had little or no training in how to deal with pupils with English as an additional language (EAL)
ISIS militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn Syria. The food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States. It is believed the meat was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in the city of Aleppo.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known. It clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment. A child is then strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Police Scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone.
Republican Gov. Sam Brownback, a strong abortion opponent, signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' on Tuesday. The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismembermentabortion' The measure also has been introduced in Missouri, Oklahoma and South Carolina, though only Kansas lawmakers have passed it.
Boris Johnson has set out his vision of moral purpose in business and politics. The London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s Britain. He said the fact that more jobs were being created was one of the absolute moral triumphs of the government.
Hagrid the lamb was born on a farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire. He is thought to be the biggest lamb ever born in the UK weighing 25lbs. The Suffolk Cross was born naturally on Tuesday and his mother is in remarkably good condition following the birth. The previous record for the largest lamb in UK was held by one called Joan born at 24lbs.
The Oscar nominated actress, 60, revealed she turned down the starring role alongside James Gandolfini in the landmark HBO drama because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas. Accusing Chase of lazy casting, Bracco chose instead the complicated role of Dr. Melfi, who provided the therapy that allowed New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts.
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are witty and entertaining But 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny for criticism. He suggested they should follow the example of authors such as John Green. Greens book, The Fault In Our Stars, was top-selling title of 2014.
Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's Joint Terrorism Task Force has lost his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty. Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. 'I don't know what f****** planet you're on right now!' he screamed.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. Jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them, at a website called ugotposted.com. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013. People who sought to have the explicit images taken down were directed to changemyreputation.com and charged $250 to $350 to remove the racy content
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble bookstore at The Grove in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective  The Sweetest Heist in History' But there was nothing sweet about Spencer, who complained constantly, refused to engage with fans or pose with them for a photo. 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman explained to the Daily Mail in an exclusive interview.
Walters says that the former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online. She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again. 'Barbara believes that Monica, 41, could make The View competitive and compelling and while a lot of Washington's elite may scratch the show off its must-visit press list,' said the source.
Shadow chancellor claims voters have lost £1,100 each due to coalition. But PM hails today as'money-back Monday' with raft of tax changes coming into force. He has claimed that Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family' But Mr Balls predicted that a Conservative government would hike VAT and cut the top rate of income tax for earnings over £150,000 from 45p to 40p.
John Chapple has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia. Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography. He uses a Linhof Technorama 617s III, which is unique in that the negatives are a huge 6 x 17 centimeters, with only four exposures per film.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7 in Louisville, Kentucky. An aide to a member of the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives laughed that line off on Monday. 'Rand Paul is as much a part of the Washington machine as Joe Biden or Harry Reid,' he said. Paul has taken heat in recent days from libertarians for softening some of the principled stands thad have defined his brand since Kentuckians sent him to Washington. He described himself as 'a judicial activist' in January, for instance, telling a conservative audience that federal judged shouldn't hesitate to toss out majority-
RSPCA inspectors were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol. Photos show a small horse standing on muddy ground in a passage just over a metre wide, which is blocked at one end with a gate. They found another horse, which was larger, and was living at the site chained to the muddy ground. Both horses were removed on Wednesday after complaints from neighbours.
Two-bedroom property in Snodland, Kent, first rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in November 1915. Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline, in the property, which used to have an outside bathroom. They bought it 40 years later for £350 and passed it to Freda when they died. But Freda died last December, aged 99, and the younger family members have now moved away. Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500.
Andreas Lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security. Investigators also found a tablet computer which revealed a search history from March 16 to March 23 that included medical treatment and suicide methods. The revelations came hours after it was reported that Lubitz told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying. It also emerged that the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients.
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was killed and his brother Marc, 15, has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on Monday. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates. Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed, while Anthony Rodriguez was wounded.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says Labour leader is'so desperate' for power he is willing to weaken UK defences to win support from SNP. Mr Miliband said the Conservative campaign had 'descended into the gutter' and claimed David Cameron'should be ashamed' The attack comes as the Tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines to replace the existing fleet.
The 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back. Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home on June 17, 2013. Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29. On the final day of testimony, the prosecution heard from William Zane, of the state medical examiner's office.
Taxes on earnings went up by nearly £1,900 under 13 years of Labour. George Osborne said Labour had form on jacking up income tax and National Insurance. He insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given the chance after May 7.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital with his friends by his side. Mr Palanis identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave teenagers. Police posted a picture of the him on news websites in the hopes the public could help identify him. A New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka saw his photo online and told the police of his name.
The aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to Yemen. But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading, as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting in Yemen. The news comes on the same day as war-weary Pakistan began talks to enter the conflict after its staunch Saudi allies issued an urgent request.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull. The Lhasa Apso had surgery to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour. When she returned home she noticed lots of bruising on the dog's back. She asked the vet about it, who told her it was from the operation. Not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when the burns were discovered. It is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery from spleen surgery.
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction. Participants pray to a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. Spectators can buy lollies, sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade.
Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life, known as an annuity. One major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings  unaware they were three decades too young.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife, Smita Haval Kham itkar, and their sons Arnav Khamit Kar, 10 and Arush Khamitkar, 6, in separate rooms at their Tulsa home. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought, authorities said.
PM visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil new Tory education policy. He said children who get poor SATs results will be forced to resit them. The resit plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in English and maths during their first year after leaving primary school.
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61 per cent of their profits between 2011 and 2014, according to accountants KPMG. The bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal, with banks setting aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers. Another £2.3billion was earmarked by banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and HSBC to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.
PM was filmed at home with his family for an ITV profile due to be aired tonight. During the show, Mr Cameron is teased for appearing to confuse Disney film Frozen for a book. His wife said the breakfast-time teasing was typical of the way the Prime Ministers family keep him grounded
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. Features with a high spatial frequency (Einstein) are only visible when viewing them close up, and those with low spatial frequencies (Monroe) areonly visible from further away. Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument - instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The cave bear femur, pierced with two holes, was found in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Dr Cajus Diedrich says the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed. The findings add to evidence that Neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina busted the gang's lair. The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. The picture showing the line of gang members and their guard dog has since gone viral in Brazil. Police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine, as well as weighing scales, guns and ammunition.
Pelvic organ prolapse occurs when tissue supporting the pelvic organs  including the womb  becomes weak, typically after childbirth. Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or full feeling, discomfort during sex or stress incontinence. Up to half of women are thought to suffer to some degree, but far fewer seek help. Many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy. But a half-hour keyhole procedure uses an implanted mesh sling made from nylon to lift and hold the womb back in place.
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) These computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt University and University College London. If the project is successful, a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by using coupons. Mother-of-one spends an hour a day searching for deals and coupons. Has accumulated so many products that they fill a whole room of her house. She is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need.
Michelle Mone bought three-bedroom townhouse off-plan in Glasgow in 2013. She paid £780,700 for duplex and had extensive works done before moving in. It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million. Ms Mone split from husband Michael in December 2011 after 19-year marriage. She will now move back into five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire.
Protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalgar Square with the Mall, and called for others to join them. Banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' and'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building. They are believed to be the same group who took over the former offices of the Institute of Directors on Pall Mall in central London last month.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season. She along with her family have filed a lawsuit against the league, Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association, seeking for Audrey to transfer teams. Coaches told Audrey she had the potential to play college volleyball and that she would get'significant tournament game experience' as one of two setters.
The kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the Gone Girl kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life' This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on March 23, then released one day later 400 miles
Prime Minister David Cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' He went head-to-head with six other party leaders in an unusual format for Britain. Nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on May 7. It is being touted as the closest and most unpredictable race since 1970s.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was dragged behind a car in Casula, south-west of Sydney, on September 7, 2014. She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain. CCTV footage released by police shows the moment she was towed behind the car before being found in a gutter. One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved. 'I just felt destroyed, not like myself,' she said.
Gen Nakatani told MPs there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace. He said the nation's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but, so far, they had not encountered visitors from space. The defence minister said no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way.
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama. He was shot in the stomach by a stray bullet intended for an aggressive dog. The bullet narrowly missed his liver and he was rushed to hospital. Police are continuing to look for the person who fired the shots.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike. Lady Penelope has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern, dressed down lady secret agent in the new remake. Geeky scientist Brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an Indian accent.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts. Experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the rule, but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play. Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta. Crakers and nuts have a lower risk than wet foods. More than 4.1 million cases of food poisoning are diagnosed in Australia every year, with 31,920 hospitalisations and 82 deaths.
The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man. Schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them 'buried alive' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $5million ransom. The kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom.
SNL sketch show parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom. Show found out there was no footage for stories they were covering. But they covered up with abysmal animations to illustrate the stories. These included the Germanwings crash, U.S.-Iran diplomacy, and domestic politics.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to cash in on the Fifty Shades of Grey effect. Hopes to attract guests from the gay and swinging communities. Plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes. 'It is not intended to be a seedy or dirty business. It is a respected clientele who enjoy taking their clothes off'
The painting, titled 'Bomb Damage,' was drawn on a metal door. It formed the last remaining part of a two-story house in northern Gaza. Rabie Dardouna said he has been tricked into selling the door for just £100. But he has now been told of its true value and is demanding it back.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. A family saw a young boy matching Luke's description while they were driving in the Devils River vicinity on Sunday. Search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost.
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody on Wednesday. Allegedly encrypted her phone number on the little girl's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even talked of adopting and running away with her. Alcorn is not believed to have sexual feelings for the girl but allegedly told police of a 'deep love' she has for her.
New York teenager Dark.Cyanide scales some of the city's tallest buildings in search of the perfect photograph. Many of the 18-year-old's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. He describes himself as an 'urban historian' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. Users can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. The app is available for free from Facebook's store but is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address in the US. Sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions. After withdrawing, Genes For Good deletes the participant's name and unique Facebook ID from its database.
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, was sentenced on Friday to three years in state prison and must also register as a sex offender for life. Hansen entered a guilty plea in February to the 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five male students. The crimes took place in her classroom, a school utility room, her car and at one victim's home between May 2012 and 2013. Parents of the victims were upset that Hansen's plea agreement was approved, which was made directly to Riverside County Superior Court Judge Becky Dugan. If she had been convicted at trial, Hansen would have faced 13 years in prison.
Sydneysiders missed out on Saturday night's lunar eclipse, but Melbourne and Adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the 'blood moon' Wet and cloudy weather was to blame for Sydneysiders missing out on the view, but the Sydney Observatory captured every moment with their equipment. Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions, but clear night skies were predicted for Adelaide, Melbourne and Perth. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia. Incredibly, she said Jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration. He survived his ordeal by drinking rain water and eating raw fish
Tutti Rouge's Jessica features removable cookies (light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra) Ashley James, who starred in Made In Chelsea, models the bold collection in a new set of images. The £38 Jessica comes in a range of sizes, from a 28D right through to a 38HH.
Chloe the wombat is now one-year-old and lives at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. She has become keeper Evelyn Weston's little helper and follows her around the zoo. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago. Chloe's mum was killed by a car earlier this year and the joey was found in her pouch still alive.
The network has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival, which would see the return of Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites. A 'proof of concept' presentation for advertising executives is in the works already, ABC confirmed to DailyMail.com.
Marylin Stoneman stole £22,650 from her grandmother's 98-year-old partner. She had been entrusted with his financial affairs after he went into care. But the court heard that she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling habit. She was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work at Leicester Crown Court.
Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate. Foods such as sultanas, grapes and raisins are also highly dangerous for dogs. Onions, garlic and leeks can cause life-threatening anaemia.
Gary Lineker labelled Nigel Farage a 'd***' during last night's debate. Former England footballer launched scathing attack on the head of Ukip. Mr Farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders. He caused outrage after claiming people with HIV should not be welcomed into Britain for treatment.
Patrons at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino, next to JFK airport, reportedly turned on one another around 10pm. Video of the fight sees a crowd of people erupting from a bar area, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons. It is not clear why the fight started.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation. The investigation reportedly included a forensic review of Bergdahl's computer which showed his apparent intent to travel to Uzbekistan.
The EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years. Follows complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent. If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance.
First Lady Michelle Obama and Jimmy Fallon took it to the dance floor again during her appearance on The Tonight Show on Thursday night. It was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids. On March 16, Michelle busted some similar moves with Ellen DeGeneres, dancing in a much more choreographed segment to Uptown Funk.
The Borden family burial monument at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts was defaced with black and green paint. The vandalism was discovered on Monday, the day after a Lifetime miniseries, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, premiered on Sunday night. Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in their Fall River home in 1892. She was acquitted, but her innocence is questioned even today.
The identity of over 4,726 individuals, who shared the content online using peer-to peer sharing network BitTorrent, will be provided to the copyright holder of Dallas Buyers Club LLC. This includes their names, IP addresses and residential addresses. Internet companies iiNet Limited, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks were all affected by the ruling. The internet service providers are yet to reveal whether they plan to appeal the ruling in the designated 28 days.
Saturdays total lunar eclipse, which will turn the moon a burnt reddish orange, will be visible in in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. According to one US pastor, the event was predicted in the Bible and hints at an imminent world-changing event. Nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless.
Half of French 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol with sole aim of getting drunk  compared to 33 per cent ten years ago. The rise in binging is particularly high among young women, soaring from eight per cent who admitted they had done it in 2005, to three times that number by 2015. French officials claim binge drinking is an Anglo-Saxon phenomenon.
Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040. Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up the vast majority of all motor vehicles would be barred. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg wants to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
NASUWT says signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. Some 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months. 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers compared with 24 per cent in 2014.
Eggs were created by 14 of the UK's top cake artists as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. The creations take their inspiration from the iconic Russian eggs created by jeweller Peter Carl Faberge.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, 16. Mangan was found dead at his home February 4 with a single gunshot wound to the face. Morton was identified by police after he sent a selfie on Snapchat of himself posing with Mangan's body. Police also recovered a 9mm handgun from the basement of the boy's home, which Morton allegedly identified as the weapon used in the shooting. Morton's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends and there was no animosity between the two boys.
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney, 43, outside a nightclub in Edinburgh. Ms McCartney lost a tooth and is now facing a £7,000 dental bill. Heatlie pleaded guilty at Edinburgh Sheriff Court to the attack in March. He claims to have previously worked with No Doubt singer Gwen Stefani.
Big Brother star and glamour model unveils summer collection with Honeyz.com. Full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses. Inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks. Casey, who has her own walk-in-wardrobe at home, says it's a 'dream come true'
Kecil the baby orangutan had a tough start to life after his natural mother and a surrogate mother both rejected him. But the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother Maggie at Chicago's Brookfield Zoo. He has today been pictured cuddling up to the experienced mother ahead of his first public outing this weekend.
Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store, killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire. The heavily televised events in eastern Paris came two days after Cherif and Said Kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. Patrick Klugman, a lawyer representing the six survivors, said images broadcast on January 9 'lacked the most basic precautions' and endangered those still alive.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from her family's luxury flat in Hong Kong. Her father Nick Cousins, 57, was arrested over alleged 'ill treatment' Police are investigating whether her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were ever registered. It is also alleged that they did not attend school. Mr Cousins was also questioned over claims that his Filipino partner, Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, had overstayed her visa by 20 years. He was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went to the Vishwamitri River in west India to wash clothes. But a crocodile grabbed her 19-year-old daughter Kanta's leg and dragged her into the river. The mugger crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth. But the quick-thinking mother then decided to attack the crocodile with her washing paddle. Kanta suffered a leg injury but has since been discharged from hospital.
Prisoner Syed Viqaruddin 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and escape' He is said to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area, claiming he needed a toilet break, while they were en route to a court in Hyderabad. But when they did not listen, police opened fire, killing all five men. Just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries.
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6- 4 to reach the Miami Open final. The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's final after the Serb beat John Isner in straight sets. The pair met in the Australian Open semi-final in January and there is no love lost between them.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach on Friday night. They found Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, who was 'extremely intoxicated' She refused to leave when asked in front of the deputy and became angry. When officers tried to place the suspect in their patrol car, she kicked out and struck one of them in the thigh and groin multiple times. She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
Ben Morgan broke his left leg playing against Saracens in January. The Gloucester No 8 is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup despite his long-term injury. Stuart Lancaster is due to name a 45-man World Cup training squad next month, followed by his final 31-man group in late August.
Raymond Frolander, 18, sexually abused 11-year-old boy at Florida home last July. He was then beaten to a pulp by the boy's father after he walked in on abuse. After arrest, police released mugshot of Frolander with black bruises and lacerations. Photo was quickly shared thousands of times online, sparking outrage. Now, Frolander has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12. As part of plea deal, he will be listed as sexual predator, be on sex offender probation and undergo electronic monitoring for life after his
The Queen arrived at Sheffield Cathedral for the traditional Royal Maundy Service. Joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Her Majesty was there to present 'alms' to 89 women and 89 men, among them D-Day veteran Denis Gratton. Monarchs have been presenting alms since 1210 and King John. Red and white bags contain commemorative coins, this year featuring Winston Churchill. This year, the Red Purse contains a £5 coin, commemorating the 50th anniversary of the death of Churchill.
Blue tit collected moss, grass and straw to line a nest in a damaged street light near Copenhagen. The bird usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs. Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home just outside Copenhagen, Denmark, when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
Police were called to Birmingham airport after passengers 'kicked off' Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport on Monday night after severe winds foiled two landing attempts at Manchester. Passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport. Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark. Meanwhile, footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with staff.
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair after reading his Facebook page. The mother-of-eight monitors her husband's movements, checks his phone and even sniffs him to see if she can smell another womans perfume. Haley learns that Kevin did cheat on after a lie detector test on the Jeremy Kyle televsion show. Despite his infidelity, Haley and Kevin still share a house in Bristol.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years. Now the controversial British professor claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth. His views have been widely dismissed by the
11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. Nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins. In contrast, pupils enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to have lost their virginity either before or at university. A shocking 1.66 per cent revealed they first had sex when they were 13 years of age or younger.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow in San Jose de Balcare. Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow. Straw had been stuffed inside the old clothes that had been sewn together to make the Scarecrow. 'There were no signs of violence and we are working on the assumption that the man died during sex,' a spokesman said.
Steven Abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the House of Commons in October last year. He then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen. When arrested, he told police officers that he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls. The unemployed man was given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Tong Shao, 20, was found dead in the trunk of her car on September 26. Her body was wrapped in a towel, and next to it was a 15-pound barbell. Her boyfriend, Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. However he bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after his girlfriend went missing and has disappeared. An arrest warrant has reportedly been issued for Li, who is wanted for the first-degree murder of Tong.
A hilarious new hashtag has popped up on social media site Instagram exposing some of these 'awful' that things parents do to their children. #a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction. Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
The Gilmore Gas Station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy. It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists. Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us? Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets. The fact hot-or-not videos are so public increases a young persons feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look.
Nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the French countryside by doomed First World War soldiers. The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme. The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance.
Staff at Ceva Logistics, an international company specializing in freight shipping, heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall at around 10am Tuesday. Not long after, staffers entered the restroom and discovered blood all over a stall. Police were called to the office and found that the 26-year-old worker had blood on her clothes, but there was no sign of a baby. When officers searched her work space, they discovered a newborn's lifeless body stuffed inside her bag and hidden beneath her desk. It remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive, or whether the death was a homicide.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition. The mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can 'prank' friends and family. Anti-violence charities have accused the app of'making a mockery' of abuse and 'glorifying violence' Appdicated founder Rory Boyer defended the app, stating: 'Scars and bruises do not have to come from violence'
The 45-year-old man, who did not want to be identified, underwent the 'world's most complex' face transplant to reconstruct his neck, mouth, tongue and throat. Doctors at the Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona say it is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date. The man had suffered a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years. This is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins.
Little Foot, an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in South Africa, is roughly 3.7 million years old. The study found Little Foot lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous fossil, known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
Satellite TV operator DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast. The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims. The watchdog has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. The series of ads, which launched last October, featured the 50-year-old actor playing two characters: a handsome Lowe in a slick suit and an 'odd or awkward alter-ego'
Archaeological and genetic evidence suggests Neanderthals suffered from a wide range of diseases that still plague us today. Evidence suggests they were infected by diseases such as tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. Anthropologists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of Neandethals. They speculate that pathogens like Heliocbacter pylori, the bacteria that causes stomach ulcers, were brought to Europe bymodern humans from Africa.
Clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures. One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. Doctors warned Ms Hines that the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation. They also warned her that if she kept the baby, her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly. But she decided to push ahead with the pregnancy. She gave birth to her son Noah on October 16, 2012. Seven weeks after Noah was born she had surgery to remove her tumour. After her surgery she suffered another seizure at the
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad' This has come after his paleo cookbook for infants was delayed due to fatal health concerns. Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month. The head of marketing for Sumo Salad, Petra Orrenius has said that they had a positive collaboration with Evans but had been with him for too long.
Scientists believe life on Earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago. But while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared, they are still far from knowing how it appeared. Now researchers in the US and Italy say they have evidence that DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth into complex life forms.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves. Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton, before he turned the gun on himself. The day before her murder, she called police to her off-campus apartment in Oxford, Ohio, to protect her from her ex-boyfriend. But after speaking with him, she sent the officers away and told them she was okay to handle the situation on her own. The next morning, her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police, who arrived and found the bodies and one gun inside the
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson, 34. She died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley at a hospital in Bromley, Kent. Mr Ramirez was called to the Princess Royal University Hospital at about 3.45am on January 28, 2014 after she had gone in to labour. She had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am.
ISIS' leadership is dominated by ex-members of Saddam Hussein's military. Almost all of the regional commanders appointed by ISIS' leader played prominent roles in the Baathist army before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. Many became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after the dictator's 2006 execution. Ex-Baathists have extensive contacts among oil smugglers thanks to Hussein's efforts to avoid international sanctions in the 1990s. Oil smuggling is considered the most lucrative aspect of ISIS' £2 billion-a-year income.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp. It can also be synced to music for a disco effect, as well as to television programmes, films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood. The bowl-shaped lamp uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge. The light will be on sale in the US from June and cost $100.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, were arrested last December. Police received anonymous tip about 17-month-old boy and two girls, 3 and 4. Found youngsters locked in'sparsely furnished' room in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade 'gate' Children appeared to have been fed their meals through the gate. Couple pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect on Monday. However, they have been spared prison and given suspended sentences.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana. The transactions formed the basis of a lucrative, illicit market that started in the 1920s and grew until the 1950s. Most of the children who were victims of this horrific crime have now aged, have families and have forged their own lives - but they are still looking for answers. They have joined together to form a group called Gertie's Babies who have been using DNA to trace their biological families and search for their estranged siblings that are still alive.
Huw Davies, 34, has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years. He has a BSc (hons) degree, three A-levels and 10 GCSEs on his CV. But despite his strong academic background, he has been unable to secure a job. Says he 'hasn't got the foggiest' about what he is doing wrong.
Facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty, with some claiming Cleopatra was the first celebrity fan. The first official guide, however, was published in Paris in 1710, outlining the beauty routine of Ninon de L'Enclose, a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty. Sanford Bennett - a notoriously wrinkle-free San Franciscan 70-year-old - released his book, Exercising In Bed, which gave away his facial secrets.
Faith and Hope Howie were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. Their family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues, flowers, pebbles and toys over the past 11 months. When they arrived on Thursday, everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers.
3,118 unidentified students were accepted as freshmen by University of Florida. But after reading congratulations notices, they realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the Internet in order to attend the public college. Classes are part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students.
ISIS entered the Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country following heavy clashes on the Syrian side. Militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the Al Qaeda-affiliated Nusra Front. According to the the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, ISIS managed to take control of large parts of the camp.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the fundamentalist Mormon sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago. She was granted full custody of her four children last week and tried to pick them up from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living. But she was met by hundreds of FLDS members hell bent on keeping the kids. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard and even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle.
Clare Goldwin loves Boden's bright knits and floral prints. But when it comes to buying clothes for herself, she avoids them. She doesn't want to be labelled a Boden 'yummy mummy' at 50 paces. Now, however, Boden seems to have finally cracked it with their latest collections. Glossy magazines have praised their spring/summer shoe range.
A family of four was enjoying a day out together in Portland, Maine when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. The family consisted of a black mother and a white father who were with their nine-year-old daughter and 23- year-old son. The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them on Friday and drove away. Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward. Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a '
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. The university initially balked at revealing the fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency. However, the university says its business with the agency is now finished and it is no longer bound by the confidentiality agreement. Meanwhile, the statement says Mcconaughey is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to help high school students lead active lives
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models earlier this month. Dame Judi Dench and Jamie Lee Curtis both let their natural tones shine through.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexual assault by six women. He has denied the allegations in an interview with CNN. ChoudHury pioneered Bikram yoga, in which followers work out in 105F. Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers. He claims to have taught yoga to Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton.
Aidan Turner, Kit Harington, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau and Travis Fimmel are leading the way in the new breed of 'pretty but gritty' male leads. Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and Game of Thrones are all about the unkempt hunk. Do they ever wash their hair? We dig a little deeper below.
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia for work purposes. Travelled across a colossal 2,796 miles (4500km) of land on a green rocking chair. The traveller is featured rocking and making hand gestures in the video.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. The bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43- year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw. So far only Mrs Peppman's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide. Friends and neighbors remembered the couple as outgoing and friendly.
Campaign group Let Toys Be Toys launched #NotAnAprilFools Twitter feed. Pictures show wide divide between aspirations set out for girls and boys. Girls are offered pink beautician's outfits while males are offered doctor's uniforms. Products intended for infants are equally polarised, with babygros emblazoned with a slogan that reads: 'I hate my thighs'
State authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author, who is reportedly deaf and blind, was somehow pushed into publishing Go Set a Watchman. Many feared outside influences were at play as Lee, who lives in an nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, had said for decades she wanted To Kill a Mockingbird to be her only published novel. Officials at the state's Department of Human Resources confirmed Monday that their investigation had been completely closed. The DHR investigation remained open for a time, but spokesman Barry Spear has confirmed that they are now also satisfied that nothing is amiss.
Last week she was barely showing  but Demelza Poldark is now the proud mother. Within ten minutes of tomorrow nights episode, fans will see Ross gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. As Sunday night's latest heartthrob, women across the country have voiced their longing to settle down with the brooding Cornish gentleman. But it seems as if his heart is well and truly off the market.
Mick Schumacher made his pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday. The 16-year-old was pictured accidentally driving through gravel. Mick was involved in a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in March. He was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he skidded out of control. But the crash was minor and he walked away from the accident uninjured. Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1. He is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident.
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions. Prostitutes were left disappointed when drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday. Religious leaders have praised the initiative, which has been running since last August, as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu along with two other people. French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. But there was no immediate word on the fate of two men abducted at the same time.
More than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky. There were no known injuries in the fire, which is thought to have started around 7am Friday morning. A GE spokesman said that employees at the Louisville facility, which makes a range of appliances, had been evacuated and sent home. The fire had been been confined to the building but was not yet contained. The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in Hull. He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tories in his area. But Tories this morning revealed they had already dropped Mr Whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a Tory councillor. Nigel Farage claimed the scalp was 'another hammer blow' for David Cameron.
The 31-year-old actor has won legions of dedicated fans since stripping off as Captain Ross Poldark in the revival of the 1970s TV show. BBC1 boss Charlotte Moore confirmed that Turners broody Ross would return for another series, alongside actress Eleanor Tomlinson, who plays love interest  and now wife  Demelza.
Candice Swanepoel, 26, stars in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign. Donned platinum blonde wig, crimson pout and dramatic cat-eye flick. Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935.
Australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. Woolworths customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from Sydney to Cairns. FEMAIL asks the experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods, from seafood and lamb, to traditional Easter treats.
Lindsey Walker, her partner and two-year-old son stayed at Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. At 4am, to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below, the family, upset with the standard of their £82-per-night room, decided they would rather sit in reception than attempt sleep. Ms Walker's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds, holes in the walls, broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants.
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City. They not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. The idea really is to spread the word about Detroit as far as we can. We love the idea of Detroit being appealing to talented people from New York or anywhere,' said Detroit native Courtney Henriette.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th Avenue Bridge. Authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river. Following days of searches, a body was recovered on Wednesday. The medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, first learned of the ruse when he received a message from Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, two weeks ago. She told him that someone using the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' had created a fake Facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter. The profile showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital and images of his seven-year-old daughter. After a few weeks of friendly conversations, the man said he wanted to marry Heinrich and move to Austria to be with her and her daughter. When he said
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 46st (657lb) At her heaviest, she was virtually housebound and in constant pain. She was warned she would be dead by the age of 30. Last year, she had life-saving gastric surgery and has since lost 20st.
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children. Eventually she tipped the scales at 20st 3lb and says that she found it increasingly difficult to find clothes to suit her. Kim joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks. The determined slimmer has now shrunk down to a slender 9st 10lb.
Scientists have found a new type of virus that infects primitive bacteria. The virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in. The researchers found the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California. They also found similar guided mutation elements in the archae bacteria living under the ocean floor themselves.
Donny Ray Williams slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say. Despite admitting his guilt in December, D.C. prosecutors on Friday asked that Williams be spared prison time because he is himself the victim of a crime. The decision to give Williams a suspended jail sentence and 5 years probation - which Judge Robert E. Morin reluctantly agreed to - came despite one of his victim's request he be given'some jail time' 'He gave me a random dose of drugs
The women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. Cleopatra, for one, had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets. Mary, Queen of Scots was said to wash her body in white wine, which, thanks to its antiseptic alcohol content, was deemed to help boost her complexion. The Geishas of Japan used rice flour to whiten their faces and cleansed with nightingale poop.
Piper Kulk, eight, died in hospital on Sunday morning. Her brother William, nine, died later that evening. They were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred. It is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. The incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the Astra with severe injuries.
Bobbi Ann House, 39, and her husband Zackerie House, 27, are wanted for check fraud in Marion County, Oregon. Police say the couple wrote a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500. The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma. The two are now believed to be hiding out camping, with their last fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at Atwoods, a farm and ranch chain store in Checotah, Oklahoma. Bobbi Ann, previously known as Bobbi Anne Finley,
The US economy generated a disappointing 126,000 net new jobs in March, half of what was expected and the worst month since December 2013. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent, the Labor Department said in its monthly report Friday. Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports and home sales have sputtered.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the dish. It contains a whopping 945g of protein, which is 16 times the recommended daily amount for a man. He recommends a group of no fewer than five attempt tucking into such a massive omelette.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the International Monetary Fund on Thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said that Greece will in fact make the payment on time. Sources close to the ruling Syriza party claimed the government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans.
The wide leg trouser is at the forefront of SS15 trends. Louise Redknapp says it's a welcome relief from the skinny jean. The key is all in the shoe. A high heeled shoe with an exposed top of foot will elongate the leg. Celine showcased colourful billowing bottoms on their SS15 runway.
The Western Esplanade cul-de-sac has 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade. The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury. With celebrities occupying six of the properties - Cook and his wife have three, two for them and one for relatives  that leaves just five other houses.
Bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories. The Landmark Touchstone Bath is adapted to include a separate, refillable chocolate-warming reservoir plumbed to supply a pressurised flow of liquid in the tub which has a 205-litre capacity.
Federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website. He accused the Queensland Government of thinking embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter, who is of Lebanese descent, said he sympathised with Mr Gordon's position. The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with some users questioning his terminology.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. Employees were paid $100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies. The lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company's California headquarters and spread to programs in Florida and several other locations.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them. Ms Berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived. Los Angeles County Sheriffs Department Lt. Dave Coleman said on Friday that the mother and son were simply having a chuckle. Authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old Robert Washington of Rialto, California.
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in the UK in 2013 were given the name. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when name was 147th most popular. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000. Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name's declining popularity. Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow might have put some off.
Former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob and churned out multiple spin offs  earning £500,000 in just three years. But Daily Mail can reveal that despite his ample fortune, Bowen, 36, continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for Bowen to live in his housing association flat in Haringey, North London.
Detective Patrick Cherry was filmed ranting at an Uber driver in New York. He was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the driver honked his horn. The angered detective pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade. He questioned the diver's command of the English language as well as his car control skills. The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine user. Workmates dubbed her 'Miss Bonkers' and said she was hired only because of her looks. She was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at Central London Employment Tribunal.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing. As the presenters realized what had happened, Andrea shouted out 'I win!'
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday. Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. 'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said.
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area. In total there have been 86 confirmed cases in 2015 - alarmingly 16 in the past week - compared to 113 last year. Statewide, 232 cases have been reported. In 2014 the Metro North region had the highest immunisation rate in the state.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. They said echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise. Researchers used tiny microphones to record the sounds inside rabbits' ears as they played sounds at different locations. They measured the responses of neurons in the rabbit's inferior colliculus (IC), a region of the midbrain known
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, had applied to Duke University. But on March 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade. Refusing to take no for an answer, she sent the admissions office a response. Said: 'I regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the Fall 2015 freshman class at Duke. I look forward to seeing you then' The image has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as 'a serious breach of trust'
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man. Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark. Kris said Mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen. The network confirmed her passing in a statement on Friday: 'We are deeply saddened by the loss of Linsey 'Jade' Berardi' She is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister.
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, will be deported within 28 days. Ms Sevilla's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful. The single-mum has lived in Australia with her son since 2007. Her application for a Skilled-Region visa subclass 489 has been rejected due to Tyrone's autism. Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called the decision 'cold and heartless'
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. The victim's identity has not been released. The elderly man called the police and told them that Hilbert slapped him in the face twice, knocking out a contact lens. The man told police that the heated argument was over a friend that he 'didn't approve of Hilbert spending time with'
Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011. But now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role.
Prime Minister took advice from martial arts pupils in Warrington. He suggested using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' in debate. But Mr Cameron later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' Ukip leader Nigel Farage said he was feeling 'pretty good' ahead of TV test.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks in Canberra Hospital after scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. She was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents and siblings, Charlotte and Sophie, were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived. Immediately after they made the decision to give birth prematurely, the Cox's contacted Angel Gowns - a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon. Ms Cox had her wedding dress redesigned so her tiny daughter could be buried in
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people in the 1930s. Their book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers has been republished. Here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests to discover if YOU are a genius. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page.
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't. The gym was meant as a perk to lure full-price-paying tenants, who shell out $3,500-a-month for a one bedroom.
Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night. Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids. The robot was developed at a cost of around £55,931 by the Japanese labs that already produced an autonomous experimental news-reader.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail. The information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass. By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster. The tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet. An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3.2ft (1
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after he was taken hostage by far-left extremists. Two members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse in Istanbul and took him hostage. They uploaded photographs of Kiraz with a gun pointed at his head to social media in the process. Turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the 'terrorist propaganda' images, before going on to block access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube yesterday. Access to the sites has now been re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove the images.
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next. He said a Labour government would give workers the right to demand a'regular contract if they do regular hours' after three months. Mr Miliband said there had been an 'epidemic' of zero-hours contracts under the Coalition.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties. Infant, who is believed to be a twin, died later that day after suffering'several injuries', police said. Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
World's greatest steeplechase takes place on Saturday at Aintree. Research shows that if your tip is seventh down the list or the jockey's racing colours are Royal blue, emerald green or red, then you're more likely to collect a few bob. Out of 2,000 Britons who confirmed they would be having a bet, 40 per cent of them admitted their selection would be purely down to the name of the horse.
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, for 17 years. She left teaching to have her fourth child, but continued to work as an artist. The mother-of-four was diagnosed with mesothelioma, a cancer caused by asbestos. She died in September 2014, 14 months after being diagnosed with the disease. Her husband, Nigel, said his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s. He said: 'She then became an art teacher and from 1977 until 1995 worked at various schools, often hanging paintings on walls containing asbestos'
The singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. Symptoms range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia. If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years. Around 65,000 people in Europe are infected every year, and 25,000 Americans were diagnosed in 2013.
The novelist, who died aged 68 in April last year, achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133D4. Probate records released last week reveal that Ms Townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust, with her second husband Colin Broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries.
David Klemmer and James Graham could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban after their argument with referee Gerard Sutton. Canterbury forwards could have these charges referred straight to the NRL judiciary, with the highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carrying a 525-demerit points penalty and a five-game ban. It comes as the NRL announced they are determined to come down hard on a worrying trend of increasing dissent towards match officials after a violent end to Friday's game when spectators threw bottles at match officials.
Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia while his friend Fredrik Schenholm photographed his exploits. The adventure photographer looked on in amazement as Oscar flew down the icy slopes, while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled behind him.
Average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London. The seaside town in the South Hams district boasts a skyrocketing average property price: £671,759. The average value of a waterfront property there tops £2million, putting it ahead of some of London's priciest postcodes, including Notting Hill.
Zulkifli bin Hir, a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group, is dead. The reward offered by the US State Department for the arrest of bin Hir was $5million. Bin Hir was born 1966 in Muar, Johor, according to his profile at the National Counterterroism Center.
The Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. It claims to have cured 75 per cent of them. The man behind the facility is Tao Ran, a doctor and colonel in the Peoples Liberation Army. He is regarded as China's leading expert in internet addiction.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery and rehabilitation. But after he and his wife Kate tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs, they were told they weren't eligible. Couple were told that because they don't claim any income support or benefits, they would have to earn 'virtually nothing' to receive the grant.
At 116, Gertrude Weaver was already the oldest person in America. With the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan on Wednesday, Weaver became the world's oldest person. Weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice. The daughter of sharecroppers was born in Arkansas near the Texas border and worked as a domestic helper.
Melbourne mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, breastfeeds her seven-week-old baby Isla at a Sydney hotel. She was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to over 18s. In Australia, women have a right to breastfeed in public. Under the federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984 it's illegal to discriminate against a person or deny services, directly or indirectly, on the grounds of breastfeeding.
The first generation iPad was revealed by the late Steve Jobs in early 2010. At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular. Five years and 225 million units later, it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now. According to CNN Money, sales for the iPad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 alone. And this year, its predicted that sales will fall by five per cent from last year.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years. He punched his former friend in the face so hard that he was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain. The pair had a 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back. The married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to'sort it out' Hutchinson threw punches at the victim the day before the attack then threatened to 'fill him in' on the phone.
Experts spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western Europe and Russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago. More than 23,500 bones found to be riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. The major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, eventually collapsed to the ground.
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6. On Wednesday, police released a report after an investigation into his death. The fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate', according to the report. An aide overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?' She confiscated the note and when she turned around to look at the boy, she saw him climbing through a window before jumping through
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion. The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs and her baby died in utero three days later. She had a stillbirth and died 13 days after her diagnosis.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 July last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves. She tried to cry out for help, but Darren Lewis had his hand clasped over her mouth while demanding money. Mrs Fisher was thrown off her bed while the burglars took her purse containing £250 and a mobile phone from under her pillow. Lewis struck the pensioner twice with a metal bar, leaving her covered in blood. Her bed-ridden husband Mortimer, who was 85, was sleeping in another room and woke with a man standing over him
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. 'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said. 'And he gave me permission to make that reference, and it shows that... there's a generational
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in court in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession. His defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching Durst's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant. However, as a shackled Durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom, the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared. The judge eventually agreed to postpone the hearing until next week, when the witnesses - two FBI agents and a state trooper - could be charged with contempt of court for failing to appear.
Bath Abbey could be linked to the city's Roman water network to heat the vast medieval church using ancient underground springs. Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground. They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system for the abbey. The Church of Englands ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath's 45°C spring water.
The historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater. Ena was brought back to Sydney where she was purchased and further restored - and renamed 'Aurore' - which in total reportedly cost around $4 million. The boat then came under the ownership of miner Pat Burke, which became the infamous playground for his close friends at the time - Rene Rivkin and David Baffsky. Since then it has been relocated from Sydney to Melbourne, available for
Czech President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro. Zeman plans to attend annual parade in Moscow, marking Allied win in 1945. Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said Zeman's'reaction was not adequate' President Zeman has banned Ambassador Schapiro from Prague Castle.
Homes with a Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more  or £38,831  than those in surrounding areas that werent near a branch. But having a budget store such as an Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands of pounds less.
The captain of a ship that sank off the coast of Africa'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel was entirely submerged, according to anti-poaching activists who saved the man and his crew. Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker, which rescued those on board Thunder, said the captain of the now submerged ship was seen cheering. Sea Shepherd claims that Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean. The conservation organisation's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in December.
Bette Carrouze, 78, from Brighton loves all night parties. She regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning. The single mother of two lives in sheltered accommodation with pull-cords. Says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees.
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of the page for 24 hours. Instead of the usual images of smoothies, coffees and cookies, the page was plastered with adult cartoons. It is thought that an employee clicked on a link in an email which purported to be from Facebook. Hackers were then able to gather enough data to take control of the account.
With Easter just around the corner we thought it would be helpful to give you a real life gauge on how much cardio you'll need to put in to get the most out of your Easter binge session. Starting at the very bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg, around four of them equate to 550 kilojules. A 67-kilogram woman who ate only four of these snack sized treats would need to vigorously walk for around 40 minutes before the guilt, and the calories melted away.
Most Reverend Justin Welby said the dead were'martyrs' in his Easter sermon. He said Christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer. Dr Welby told his congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development. His praise of martyrdom came as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in central India's Madhya Pradesh State. She was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly. Angered that her in-laws had stopped her husband from doing chores around the home, she sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea.
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer in Stoke-on-Trent. He was found guilty of five counts of misconduct and another of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data. Staffordshire Police Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton a disgrace to the police service
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended. A fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene. When the following pictures were posted to Facebook, users theorized that the swarm was a mix of Blacktip and Spinner sharks.
Florists in rural Georgia are hoping their state passes similar measures to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Jennifer Williams, of Jeff Davis County, said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but 'It doesn't mean that I love them any less' Melissa Jeffcoat said she would serve adulterers or other people who have sinned against Bible teachings but not gay people.
Lindsay, 28, has been living in London for the past year and says she doesn't see herself returning to the States any time soon. The Mean Girls star says she is'much happier' in the city and is keen to build on that feeling of contentment in order to get her career back on track. Lindsay recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamets Speed The Plow.
Lianne Hindle suffered a cardiac arrest at North Manchester General Hospital. The 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit. The deaths, along with those of four babies and two mothers at the Royal Oldham Hospital prompted an investigation. Today Ms Hindle's partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies.
The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs. The educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $5,000 each in bonuses. However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy - Superintendent Beverly Hall - died of breast cancer over the course of the trial. A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens. They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen. Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, Sanaa. A Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden, Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu confirmed.
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner on his last day in office that former IRS official Lois Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Machen's letter arrived on Capitol Hill just one day before his resignation took effect after a five-year stint as Washington, D.C.'s top federal prosecutor. Lerner has long been in the GOP's crosshairs because she led the IRS department tasked with approving nonprofit groups' applications for tax-exempt status. Beginning in 2010, the department gave conservative groups with words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names extra
Joni Mitchell has suffered from Morgellons disease for most of her life, and has dedicated herself to trying to get it recognized as a medical condition. Sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. The medical community believes this is likely a mental illness and that sufferers are anxious, depressed or even suffering from substance abuse. Mitchell has recently been hospitalized after she was found unconscious at her home.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. The victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back, groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord. An affidavit revealed on Thursday that he had been soliciting sex from men through Craigslist.
Tracy Stratton says her daughter, Tianni, suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at Greenacres Primary School in Eltham, south east London. She claims seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house. A psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD, she added. Ms Stratton is now claiming damages from The Royal Borough of Greenwich Council, after she says the school ignored at least five reports of bulling.
Couple were insistent that they are not planning more children. Mrs Cameron revealed her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose' She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign, and gave birth to their fourth child Florence in Cornwall after she arrived weeks early. Baby talk has never been far from the couple's mind as they have campaigned across the country.
More than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in Holborn. It apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables, causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke. More than 1,000 buildings remain without power today, with businesses, government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the Easter weekend.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007. The same 12 people that found him guilty of the murders are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole. In an attempt to spare his life, he told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, and Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couples children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3.
The baby, known as Mary, was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool. She was kept in hospital for three months during which time there were'several consecutive days' in which she had no contact with her parents. A post-mortem revealed the presence of cocaine, tramadol and mirtazapine (an anti-depressant) in her stomach. A review has called for lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information that could have highlighted the baby's vulnerability. Mary's family were well-known to social services and had been reported five times amid concerns of alcohol
Shauna McGlasson, 25, from Workington, ballooned to 17st. She got trapped in the turnstiles at Blackpool Pleasure Beach in August last year. Shauna was carrying her three-year-old daughter Lacey in her arms at the time. This was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather in the Scottish highlands. The pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rouss light aircraft to see his wife's mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides on Saturday. But when the couple failed to turn up at the island's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled. The wreckage of the plane and the couple's bodies were found six hours later.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate. The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1. It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour.
Tiger Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters in Augusta next week. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National, and Golf Channel said he was seen on the practice range Friday morning at the club. He will have gone nine weeks without competition when he hits his opening tee shot on Thursday. Woods, a four-time Masters champion, last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines.
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday. She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency. Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare, flexibility and paid leave, including instituting 12 weeks paid maternity leave for his own staff.
Jessica Ainscough died in late February after a seven-year-long battle with cancer. She spurned chemotherapy and radiation, choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. In her final weeks - the most 'difficult' weeks of her fight - she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed. 'This was a risky and tough decision, but Jess bravely embraced this last chance option,' he said.
Labour leader Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride that centres on the 1984 miners' strike. The film achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the Left: bolshie unions and minorities (in this case, homosexuals) The keystone of these Left-wing propaganda films is a pernicious rewriting of history.
The man could be seen leaning out the sliding door of the black Vauxhall Vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the M40 near Oxford. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle. Police are investigating the incident, which took place on Friday afternoon. His boss has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing and said he could face the sack.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy last May. He says the sheer physical effort of coping with children at this age can be demanding. He takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit. Donald says raising a child, no matter your age, is a huge pleasure.
'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. 'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided' 'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other peoples lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she said. With the drought stretching into its fourth year, California's Democratic Governor Jerry Brown last week signed an executive order limiting water consumption.
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast. The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett. The toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. 'It can kill a full grown elephant,' Mr Collett said of the eight kilogram cobra.
Gigi, 19, said Kendall has a good sense of when to stand up and when to back off. She believes former Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona. Kendall was allegedly bullied by fellow models at New York Fashion Week. Lexi Boling and Binx Walton left cruel comments on pre-show image.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after crash. Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car crashed into her at up to 75mph. She suffered life-changing injuries including a fractured spine and pelvis. Hagon, of Halstead, Essex, had taken prescription tranquilisers and was more than twice the legal alcohol limit when got behind the wheel. He admitted drink-driving and was jailed for two years eight months at Chelmsford Crown Court.
Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams performed together at the Stellar Gospel Awards in Las Vegas last weekend. The group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd, but they weren't introduced as Destiny's child - they were introduced by their individual names. Daily Mail Online has learned exclusively that the threesome want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either. And it's all by design. Beyoncé's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group as
Jess, 22, and Stef, 27, Dadon have teamed up with New York-based company 'Print All Over Me' The sisters are also launching a shoe line 'Twoobs' in America. The photo-shoot was their own idea, which according to Jess they 'threw together' because they didn't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look. The sisters have over 111,000 followers on Instagram.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began. The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state.
Pitt, 51, vowed to help make it right for the citys thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed. The star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city, decimated in the 2005 storm, which killed almost 2,000. But in a lawsuit filed in New Orleans District Court last week, Pitt's Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000  claiming the wood was defective. It says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the
The tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is almost unknown around the world. But every summer, this sleepy backwater hosts the creme de la creme of the fashion world. Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood and Colombian singer Shakira are among the stars said to have escaped the spotlight. Uruguay has largely stayed off the radar for European and American travellers.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across Britain. The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images. He said: 'I hope to show the colour, the razzmatazz and the fun of the Elvis Tribute world'
Motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury in Somerset on Tuesday morning. He had been stuck behind the HGV for several miles and gambled on overtaking after a set of traffic lights. But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. He swerved in front of the truck and his caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance. Mr Saeed got out of his car and crept up towards the hunter armed only with a camera and fired off a few frames. Unfortunately, the clicking sound of the camera's shutter alerted the lion to his presence and he was forced to retreat.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in 2001. She had travelled from Tokyo to try and find a suitcase of cash buried in the snow. The suitcase contained $1m which had been buried by Steve Buscemi's criminal character in the Coen Brothers' hit 1996 film Fargo. A police officer from the small town of Detroit Lakes said he had spoken to the woman shortly after she turned up. He said she kept repeating the words 'Fargo, Fargo' Now Takako's incredible story has been made into a film of its own.
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested in Queens, NY on Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack. Siddqui met fellow Queens native Samir Khan in 2006, and later had him publish one of her poems in an Al Qaeda magazine he was editing at the time from Yemen. Khan was killed in a 2011 drone strike in Yemen. One of the articles he wrote for the magazine was a a bomb-making how-to guide apparently used by Boston bombers Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa, an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet. You too could join this group if you can prove youre in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test. MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest. The puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all contribute to a high IQ. Take the quiz below to find out if you have what it takes.
With budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler, that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple query: Will you go to prom with me? That's according to a survey from Visa, which asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom.
Amanda Holden will host new show on ITV highlighting plight of RSPCA centre. She and her co-stars will appeal to members of the public to take in animals. The six-week ITV series begins on Wednesday April 15 at 8pm. Viewers interested in adopting a pet can apply on the ITV.com website.
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, has said that his country needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US. He said that Russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the US coasts and force a volcano in Yellowstone National Park to erupt. The military man says that all the seismic activity could release another wave that would wipe out the US's European allies. Triggering the Yellowstone Caldera, which hasn't erupted in 640,000 years, would spread ash across the country.
Nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey last week. They include the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale. MP Simon Danczuk said it was 'unacceptable' that they should be free to come home. He added: 'Anyone who pledges allegiance to this cruel and twisted ideology will rightly be seen as an enemy of the UK' The family are expected to return to the UK this week.
Researchers at Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University in Japan compared the number of 'neighbours' adjacent to fairy circles and skin cells. The majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six neighbours, and similar percentages of other neighbours. It's a completely amazing, strange match, said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at OIST. Desert fairy circles are considered one of nature's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form.
Department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations. It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin. A John Lewis spokeswoman said: 'We get demand for Christmas products all year round'
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between Glasgow and the party island of Ibiza. The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the Spanish island that their alcohol purchases from duty free shops are no longer allowed in the cabin. Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect. Their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas, went missing from their home in rural Dublin on the morning of March 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter. Police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home March 26. The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from the home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered.
Terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course' Anti-ISIS informants in the city have reported how dozens of people have fled the city in the wake of the jihadi network's brutal enforcement of its twisted form of sharia law.
The Bell 525 Relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $15million (£10.12m) for their own. The commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. The 525 is also the first commercial helicopter to incorporate fly-by-wire flight controls, which they say delivers'superior handling qualities and increased level of safety'
Tim McNaughton's body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland on Tuesday. In February 2012, Tim was issued with a shooter firearm licence by the Northern Territory Police. The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide. A third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him.
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia. The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources. However, according to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. It follows recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow. Harry relished his adrenaline-charged 250mph Spitfire ride from Goodwood to the Isle of Wight. The flight was staged to support the Royal Foundations Endeavour Fund and a new Spitfire training scholarship.
Lane Smith, 26, died after hitting his head in an accident in July 2014. His girlfriend, 20-year-old Sierra Sharry, gave birth to their son, Taos, a few weeks later. Sharry asked photographer Kayli Henley if she could make their family portrait complete with a ghostly image of Smith standing behind them. The image has been shared thousands of times online.
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police Sgt. Ricardo Cruz said. Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. The ship departed Tampa, Florida, on Sunday for a two-week cruise in the southern Caribbean.
Princess Beatrice, 26, was spotted at Shoreditch House last night. She was joined by boyfriend, Virgin Galactic's Dave Clark, 31. Looked glamorous in knee-length black leather dress. Joseph A-line dress is currently sold out. Check out our alternatives below.
Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret were let loose to join the jubilant crowds in London celebrating the end of the Second World War in Europe. A Royal Night Out, released next month to coincide with the anniversary of VE Day on May 8, 1945, will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that extraordinary night. It was a Cinderella moment in reverse, says The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, first cousin to the Queen.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways. In an open letter to Kidman, the president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, Laura Glading, wrote the sponsorship deal was at odds with the Australian Oscar winner's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
Patients tried and failed to book almost 34 million GP appointments last year. Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits. 90 per cent of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14, study found. But 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February. There has been a string of controversial incidents in the hospital, including the death of a patient last month who went into a coma.
Sofia Davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook. She then flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network. After meeting her victims, she would spike their drinks and rob their homes. She was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystander. She admitted to bedding and robbing more than 15 men and is awaiting trial.
Nicola Horlick, 54, had her first child at age 25 and her last at 38. Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12. She has children Alice, 26, Serena, 24, Rupert, 21, Antonia, 18, and Benjie, 15.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel, which she owns, were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack. She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show, where B&B owners visit each others properties and rate their stay.
Young couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love travelling the world. The pair share their amazing travel snaps on Instagram and Jay's tumblr blog. Jay has 750,000 followers on Instagram while Alexis has 1.1million. The extreme sportsman is also a photographer and it helps that his girlfriend is a model.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his overgrown lawn. Grand Prairie resident Yoes claims the city didn't do enough to warn him about the citations, which officials claim were sent out in the mail. Yoes turned himself in this weekend and spent two nights in jail before a friend paid his fine.
Bernard 'Barry' Freundel was arrested in October after a police investigation revealed he had spied on dozens of women who changed in the ritual mikvah bathrooms at the Kesher Israel Congregation synagogue in D.C. In February, the 63-year-old rabbi pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor charges of voyeurism and he is set to be sentenced on May 15. On March 22, his wife, Sharon, gave a speech at a Maryland Jewish school about how to respond to traumatic experiences. While she did not directly address her personal drama, she did allude to the scandal which shocked her
Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens. The 41-year-old told the New York Post he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked. But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores--didn't sit well with the building's management.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals. The whistles vary according to the size of the fish, meaning that specific calls from larger specimens are particularly effective at deterring another fish from picking a fight and stealing a nest. The sounds are modified by environmental factors such as tide level and water temperature as well as courtship motivation and social interactions.
Staffordshire-Boxer cross Leo almost burned down his owner's home. The dog managed to switch on the cooker while trying to reach his dog treats. The heat from one of the hob's rings set fire to a child's seat. More than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames in Peckham.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi, 42, cut a hole in shampoo bottles to hide iPhone. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles. The urology specialist said he set up the device to 'let off steam' at work. He admitted four counts of voyeurism and was fined £500 by magistrates. He faces being struck off the medical register making him unable to continue working.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free, has been called off. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
Patrick Sondheimer, 36, tried to break down the cockpit door to stop crash. Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz, 27, locked him out before accelerating into mountain. All of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board died in the crash. Mr Lubitz had been plotting the disaster online under the name Skydevil.
Today's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels loyal to Yemen's deposed president Ali Abdullah Saleh entered its seventh day.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister worked. Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with Leona. The 60-year-olds first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl, and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair and unconventional arrangement.
Richie Sambora is being investigated by police over claims he 'threatened to kill' his former fashion designer lover. The ex Bon Jovi guitarist, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her', Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal. Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily MailOnline that SamborA is a 'person of interest' in an active investigation into criminal threats. Lund, 33, founded the Nikki Rich clothing line with Sambor a and confessed last year that the pair had been having an on-off
PDSA has said that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high. Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. Too many treats, the wrong type of food and lack of exercise are to blame. Carrots were named as the worst culprit as the vegetables are very high in sugar.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces a string of charges. The girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. She said she had been held in a 'trap' house between January 21 and February 8 and was punched in the face.
Teachers complain they are being forced to spy on children during discussions. National Union of Teachers (NUT) suggested Government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead'shut down debate' in schools. Teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions.
E-scapes is the world's first 'virtual holiday' experience on social media. Allows customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels, whilst actually still at home. Starting from just ¬19 (£14), Berlin, Cape Town and Abu Dhabi will be available to book.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was found at 9.45pm at Aerodrome Road in Maroochydore, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. Her ex partner Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. Police located the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander the teen was forced into early on Tuesday morning. The vehicle was found abandoned on Kift St in Kallangar at around 11.15am Thursday morning.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno announced policy change at the Association of the United States Army conference in Huntsville, Alabama.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem minister Tom Brake and Labour frontbencher Gavin Shuker put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine. Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills. Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28. Police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies Monday after friends, school workers and Todd's supervisor at work had knocked on the door with no answer.
Gibbons produce a variety of soft call types, known as 'hoos', that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours. Gibbons singing usually consists of a crescendo of notes, particularly in response to predators. This usually starts with a series of soft 'hoo' noises that are only audible at close range but this rapidly grows to become much louder. Researchers at Wisconsin University in Madison used computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes.
Giudice lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence. Judge Adam Jacobs said Joe Giudice has a 'general disrespect for the law' He said he came close to rejecting the plea deal with prosecutors.
Summer Robertson died after being overpowered by currents off South Africa. The 21-year-old had been helping youngsters in one of the country's poorest townships. She was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group. Her parents John and Sarah have been remembering their 'bubbly tomboy'
Shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate. The number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades. But the Tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome, a rare condition which attacks the nervous system. The aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck. She assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs. For seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body, unable to move, speak or even swallow as the illness took hold. She spent seven months in the specialist Walton Neuro Rehabilitation Unit where she learned to talk, write and even partly walk
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour. The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app, which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view. Police released a statement alleging the mother 'pursued' the Google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself, and that it was an illegal act. Ms Davis hit back at the controversy over her actions, claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks' are not confident enough with their own bodies
A 51-year-old woman has been charged with a string of offences after footage of the shocking encounter went viral. Footage of the disturbing incident, which took place in Cloverdale, east Perth, on Saturday afternoon, shows a bitter and racially fuelled argument between neighbours. The couple say the woman's racial slurs have led to their children asking their mother if they are'really monkeys' But the defiant woman insists she was the victim.
Louis Jordan, 37, who was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina, was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital. The Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel, expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn. Jordan had been living on his 1950s-era boat at a marina in Conway, South Carolina, near Myrtle Beach, until January, when he told his family he was going into open water to sail and fish.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January and a hearing is set for April 2. The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. However, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have.
Pictures of the Australian man reportedly facing the death penalty for smuggling ice in China have emerged. The man, Ibrahim Jalloh, along with another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. The arrests were mentioned in a Melbourne Court where three men face trial, accused of being embroiled in a drug ring importing drugs to Australia from China.
David Fitzgerald claims there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. He also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke, claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of Jesus. Instead he insists the disciples of Jesus were also probably not real and their names only later attached to the gospels to lend them credence.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since the 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan. Taliban release bizarre biography of their 'charismatic' supreme leader. Praises one-eyed terrorist's'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently, with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the warrior-cleric.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with Randy's six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told a special session of the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva that if reports are true, BGoko Haram have committed crimes against humanity. Comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from Nigerian primary schools by Boko Haram militants to be used as 'human shields'
Secret meeting between intelligence figures in Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed Putin will consider any attempt to return the Crimean peninsula to Ukraine as declaration of war. Notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that Putin is planning imminent 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states. These disturbances are thought to likely involve cyber attacks or ramping up local ethnic tensions in Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and promoting obscenity to a minor. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. Sanchez - who is believed to be a mother-of-three - was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka during the fall 2014 semester. She left her position in December following a'situation'
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday. Talley was born May 23, 1899.
Amateur jockey Lewis Ferguson lost his balance as he approached the final fence of the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton. The 18-year-old riders waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots. The birch of the fence acts like a spring board as Ferguson is made to look like a crash-test dummy. Ferguson bounces back to earth but remarkably suffers no more than being briefly winded.
Ofcom study says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. But the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. EEs 4G network, which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses, delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6Mbit/s. The Three network was the fastest to load a web page at 0.63 seconds.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen. He masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away. Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled. Lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure, defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior.
The victims of a medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins University. The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion, claiming that officials from Hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956. The few victims who are still alive were almost all children when they were unknowingly infected, and many among them were orphans. It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25%
The RSPCA is considering abandoning its controversial policy of 'pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions' after the collapse of the latest case. The animal charity has no more legal actions left under the Hunting Act after its decision last month to drop the case against William Bryer, joint master of the renowned Cattistock Hunt in Dorset. Fox hunting was outlawed in 2005 under Tony Blair's government, but groups continue to meet by using trail hunting.
More than 600 people are part of the Havasupai tribe, which is the smallest Indian nation in America. Visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village of Supai. The village has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, LDS chapel, and a small Christian church.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Taiwan's Hualien county. His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door. Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard. He slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions. Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and joyously waved their national flag following the breakthrough deal. The agreement between Iran and the West, struck after a 12-year stand-off, aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon.
Donna Oettinger, 41, and her son Zaki died on train tracks in March 2013. She had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy. Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family. She also was using cocaine regularly for six months and became convinced she had caused lasting damage and her anxiety worsened. A coroner has ruled that doctors and social services in charge of looking after Ms Oettingers made five'significant' failures.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job' They carried out early morning raids on multi-million pound mansions. Gang took cars, cash, jewellery, electricals and paintings worth a total of £1million over the course of 11 months. Officers first began hunting the group in July last year after a raid on a £2.6million house in Wimbledon.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them. Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share. That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
More than 480 design teams submitted entries to eVolo Magazine's 2015 contest. A jury of experts chose three winners and awarded 15 other designs with honorable mentions from 480 global entries. The first place was awarded to a Polish group called Bomp for its 'natural habitat' Essence Skyscraper. It beat designs for a giant 'Times Squared 3015' concept at the heart of Times Square, a Bio-Pyramid in the Sahara and Cybertopia - a project that blurs the lines between digital and physical worlds.
Leading King historian Stuart Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement.
Manning sent out 15 tweets on Friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters, including the American Civil Liberties Union, Amnesty International and journalist Glenn Greenwald. She also gave a shout out to Tom Morello, the frontman of Rage Against the Machine. The 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud after being convicted in 2013 for leaking a slew of military documents.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car. Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow. He is believed to have escaped from the boot of her car and was dragged along the single carriageway because his lead was attached to the vehicle's tailgate. Fuller denied causing unnecessary suffering to an animal, but was convicted following a hearing at Chelmsford Magistrates' Court.
New Yorker Sarah Theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry, frizzy locks were smooth and shiny. When Sarah asked for her secret, her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing, opting to partake in the apparently-popular 'no poo' movement.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. The force was alerted by the Health & Social Services Department. A doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital and the General Medical Council was informed.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night. Forty per cent of Airbnbs listings in Cuba are in Havana, while the rest are mostly located in tourist hotspots along the coast.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters. The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con. Ms Johnston says she chose Wonder Woman as her signature - with each costume taking up to six weeks to make - because of her empowering character and 'compassion'
Footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in Portland, Oregon, and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students. The idea of the experiment appears to be to crack open a cinder block that is balancing on the chest of one of his co-workers using the blunt end of the axe. As his class of pupils watch in anticipation, the teacher misses his target and brings the axe directly down on to the teacher's genitals before the clip cuts out. However, teenager Haneef Mubarak says nobody was fired and remarkably the teacher who was hit turned out OK.
British national arrested as part of operation against far-left militant group. Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out. Foreign Office spokeswoman said: 'I can confirm that a British national has been arrested'
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Ten products recalled earlier in March were from a production line at a plant the company's headquarters in Brenham, Texas.
Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness and strength to walk. The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. Ms Formosa has made over 13 wedding dresses and insists she still enjoys sewing and cooking.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer. Apple's larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage. Apple also said its new 12-inch MacBook uses 30 per cent less energy than the previous model and could last more than nine hours.
A 12-year-old Israeli girl is missing after a tour boat she was on exploded and caught fire off Thailand's southwestern coast. The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat. Photos taken by rescuers, including the Krabi Marine Police, showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline before sinking.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has become a celebrity on Instagram. The 27-year-old is trying to change people's perceptions of Somalia. She was two years old when she and her grandmother fled Somalias civil war and moved to Canada. After settling in Toronto, she moved back to Mogadishu last year to be with her mum. She began posting photos to let her family and friends in Canada know that she was safe.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob Prien, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism. Jacob was booked to fly to Brisbane so he could spend the Easter Weekend with his father and younger brother. Qantas said he was not able to fly because it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from the Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. Wednesday. He somehow escaped from his cell, hid inside the facility, then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds. Authorities didn't learn of the escape until about 30 minutes later, when jail staff found the wounded officer, who is hospitalized in intensive care with head wounds. A $1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor's capture. Authorities say theyve found a 15-year-old girl, Savannah Bell, who
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. This week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties.
Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff photographed girl in Jordanian refugee camp. She mistook aid worker's camera for a weapon and raised her arms to surrender. He did not realise how terrified she was until editing the photographs. He told MailOnline: 'I had tears in my eyes when I saw her like that on my computer' Follows iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who 'broke millions of hearts' after surrendering to a different cameraman.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn. Burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog's owner stepping forward.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week. He then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and turned the gun on himself. The boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral on Thursday. Their divorced mother, Helen Campochiaro, 38, was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings.
Tiffanie DiDonato, from Swansboro, North Carolina, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8. But even with the additional inches, parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit. The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. She has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes. Ms Collins has now been clean for more nine months after finding free help with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Bhutan is a tiny Himalayan kingdom wedged between Tibet and India. The country measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index. Buddhism lies at the heart of society and houses are decorated with dragons. Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country.
Carlos Colina, 32, pleaded not guilty in Cambridge District Court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning, according to police. The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. Authorities have said that the death is considered a homicide, though Colina has not been charged with murder.
Dangelo Conner, from New York, filmed himself messing around with a stun gun. He first electrocuted a Coke can, then zapped a metal bracelet he was holding. But his antics all went horribly wrong when he was still holding the bracelet. He is instantly laid out on the floor, his muscles twitching uncontrollably.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness. It involves the light stimulation of a woman's clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption. The aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation. There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK.
Steven Christopher Costa, 31, plans to head out to the Middle East next month. The married father-of-two will leave his wife and young children behind. He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen. Mr Costa said he will take his own life if he is ever captured by the terrorists.
The experiment is being run by researchers at the Japanese space agency (Jaxa) Small dishes will hold seedlings, and astronauts on the station will watch how they are able to grow inside the Japanese Kibo module. Scientists will be examining whether a plants ability to work out which way it is growing - the gravity sensor - can form in the absence of gravity. Results will show if the plants can sense changes in gravity, and adapt levels of calcium in their cells to compensate for it. If the study proves successful, it could help humans grow their own food in space, helping in the quest to colonise
U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott agreed this week that the tea party groups suing the government can pursue their claims that the IRS violated their First and Fifth Amendment rights. The IRS has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names. While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process. A partial list was unearthed by USA Today in September 2013, showing that as of 2011 the IRS had questioned the political advocacy of 162 right-
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. Jungle Juice is made by steeping fruits overnight in 100 per cent grain alcohol. Aunt Roberta is considered by some to be the strongest cocktail in the world.
Lisa Colagrossi was returning from covering a house fire in Queens, New York on March 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness. Her mother Lois was greeting mourners at her funeral on March 23 when she was approached by her daughter's boss Camille Edwards. Witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the New York Post's Page Six that Mrs Colgrossi refused to hug Edwards and told her: 'You are the reason I am standing in this church'
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded controversial image to Facebook. She captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me".' She then 'exchanged words' with the other users on the site, it is reported. After a user reported the picture to Henrico Police, Holmes was arrested. She has since been charged with harassment by computer and could face year in jail. Holmes, who lives in Chesterfield, Virginia, plans to appeal against charge.
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration  as pledged by the Tories  would be ludicrous because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country. Ukips manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit might change every year
Choupette, a three-year-old Siamese, earned £2.18million last year. That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, who took home £ 2.4million. Lagerfeld, 82, said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan. The cat has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts.
Manual for party's supporters urges them to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' Also encourages them to compliment people's homes in bid to win over sceptical voters. Comes amid growing scrutiny of Green Party's manifesto commitments. Party membership has surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering Lib Dems and Ukip.
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first woman to be hired as a full-time NFL referee. She has previously refereed preseasons games, scrimmages and minicamps after becoming part of the NFL's training program since 2013. Thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter said.
Rob Kardashian, 28, has all but disappeared from the media spotlight. Former fixture on red carpets and social media, he now rarely tweets. His sister Khloe has previously revealed that she believes her brother suffers from social anxiety. It has been widely speculated that Rob's current lack of confidence comes from his weight and that he didn't attend the nuptials.
A judge in Gloversville, New York, dismissed stalking and harassment charges against Joshua Malatino this week. He and his then-girlfriend, Samantha Scott, were accused of harassing and stalking a rival ice cream truck driver. The driver of Mr. Ding-A-Ling, Phillip Hollister, said the two repeatedly harassed and stalked him. The judge in the case said that offering free ice cream was not illegal and their meetings were always accidental. Scott pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was given a fine.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street Monday afternoon. She told police: 'I was afraid that someone was going to eat him so I was protecting him. I put him to sleep with my hand' Fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems, but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year. She was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing of her aunt.
Paris Picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. The company recommends giving them one to two days' notice but last-minute requests can be accommodated.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to have fled their home in Montabaur. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home. A friend of the distraught family said: 'The hatred of the world is coming down upon her'
Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps. The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest. It took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush. Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago. In 2011, Dr Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck, when Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive. The two men caught up last Sunday when they both took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
Police have charged a man and woman over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday. A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home on Thursday. A Queensland Police and RSPCA taskforce, set up after the greyhound racing industry was rocked by the live baiting scandal, also found ammunition shells from a.22 calibre gun.
Randy Pierce lost his sight when he was just 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. Pierce left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and was soon climbing plenty - all 48 mountains in New Hampshire, to be exact. And he was running again too, participating in 30 road races with his guide dog Quinn. Pierce decided to run the 2015 Boston Marathon in honor of Quinn after the dog passed away from bone cancer last year. He has run three marathons this year in preparation for the Boston Marathon on April 20.
Sir Stirling Moss, 85, won 212 races in his 14-year career before crash in 1962. He said he sees fitness as a 'way of life' which is why he is still confident behind wheel. Revealed unusual daily routine he thanks for his impressive longevity  77 press-ups and half a bottle of Chardonnay. Also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of 50mph.
Tina Campbell, from London, paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek medical attention after her scalp became infected. She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed. Miss Campbell, who works as a showbiz writer, said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again.
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed. The pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the Fayettechill outdoor clothing brand.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain. Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago. When the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material, later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal. A engraved tombstone was found nearby. The pigment and tombstone has led researchers to speculate she was a person of status or authority and was ritualistically buried in such a way to oversee her subjects.
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday by a worker who called police. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. He told deputies he went to Walmart to do some shopping, the sheriff's office said on Wednesday. While in the store he was listening to audio pornography on his phone and inappropriately touching himself inside his sweatshirt but did not expose himself. The 20-year-old said he then began following a woman he found attractive around the store. He was arrested on disorderly
Ferrari 599 GTO was driven by parking attendant in Anzio, south of Rome. The supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and has 671bhp. But parking attendant Roberto Cinti mistook the throttle for the brake. The driver blamed the car's semi-automatic transmission for the accident.
Sussex Police poster urges women not to leave friends alone on a night out. Campaigners claim it implies victims are responsible for sex attacks. But supporters say it is 'blindingly obvious' that it is not blaming women. The posters are due to be put up in pub and club toilets as well as bus stops.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California. The Zillow listing describes the property as'meticulously maintained', 'grand', 'gracious', and 'elegant' With five fireplaces, a custom-designed chandelier and maids' quarters, 27 Hampton Road is certainly no hovel. The marble staircase is lifted from the original Waldorf-Astoria, and the ceilings have traditional wood beams.
Chaos erupted at an Easter egg hunt in Sacramento when adults launched in trying to grab sweets for their children. The event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world's biggest, with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters. Footage of the hunt, which did not break the world record because they missed the deadline to apply, shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults picking up candy.
The Easter holidays mean days off work and a chance to spend precious time with the family. Keep your little ones entertained for hours with probably the world's largest Easter Egg hunt in the maze at Traquair castle. Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle with a special workshop for kids. Celebrate spring by feeding young lambs at Carreg Cennen Castle.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk. 'There is no longer any valid basis for the current salt guidelines,' said Andrew Mente, a professor at McMaster University in Ontario.
Passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge. The smell was so bad that it forced the operator to cancel the service. London Midland said that CCTV images of the culprit would be passed onto police for investigation. The service terminated at Birmingham New Street so that the carriage that was used as a toilet could be cleaned.
Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts. But following legal disputes, Apple signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013. From next year, Samsung will supply 80% of Apple's supply of application processors, with TSMC supplying the remaining 20%. The deal is said to be worth 'billions of dollars'
The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from. Teaming up with the advertsiing agency Rethink, the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story.
Study claims aliens are larger than those portrayed in sci-fi. Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on Earth. And, if they exist, he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650 lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. But the calculations dont take into account an alien planets surface gravity.
The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built a few miles from the original site in Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France. It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features. The original and unique Grotte Chauvet was discovered around 20 years ago and is a Unesco World Heritage Site. It is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man, but is not open to the public and is only seen by a handful of experts every year.
Frank Sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered Ronan Farrow, according to his youngest daughter, Tina Sinatra. Showbiz 411's Roger Friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if Mia Farrow's son Ronan was her brother. He said that Tina, who is the daughter of Sinatra and his first wife Nancy, told him: 'Couldn't be. Frank had a vasectomies before that. I don't know whose sonRonan is' In 2013, Farrow admitted that Sinatra may be the father of her son, instead of
Meaghan Hudson, 25, said she had multiple myeloma in December 2013. Nursing student raised $5,000 through a fundraising website. Close friends rushed to support her, even shaving their heads in solidarity. Police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease which she owned up to. Hudson was arrested in January and charged with theft by deception and grand theft.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' But he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against Britain's six other political party leaders. A Ukip aide had previously admitted Mr Farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate. Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight's ITV showdown.
Tuti Yusupova's friends claim she was born on July 1, 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement. The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment, who was 122 when she died in 1997. Her death came in the same week as Misao Okawa, who died on April 1, a few weeks after she celebrated her 117th birthday.
Seven babies and three mothers died at Royal Oldham Hospital in eight months. Independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership. Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April. Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth. Report also found national guidelines for treating obese mothers were not followed.
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from 1968 film. Rare celluloid painting was used as a master version from which artists created all other images of the wacky vessel. It features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine. More than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. She alleged that she eventually woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her. His attorney claims the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they 'went back to his place' He made the nine-minute recording as he drove the woman home because 'he had a gut feeling he needed
Indonesia's attorney-general says Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals. The convicted Australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday. The court decided against allowing the pair's lawyers to challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemencies. They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted. She had been riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff when the tragedy unfolded. Her mother, brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds. She was rushed to hospital from the hill station but doctors declared her dead on arrival.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tightening. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat. The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue. After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose. Ms Hall said it was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before.
Ruanne Dellal, 61, is suing six of her late husband's children over his will. She claims he was worth at least £400million when he died in 2012. But she is suing after discovering that his entire estate is just £1.7million. She says he must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals. But his family dispute her claims and are trying to throw out her claim.
Chaplin's union to Lita Grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, lasted just three years. The 50-page divorce papers were found in a bank in America. They are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer in Plymouth. The papers reveal intimate details of the couples unstable relationship.
Sydney anti-ageing doctor Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct. An investigation revealed she had been giving substances such as anabolic steroids to some 40 patients, some of whom had trouble with similar drugs in the past. A tribunal found she was irresponsible diagnosing medications such as steroids and keeping inaccurate patient records. She also neglected to keep accurate or comprehensive records, and failed in communication with referring doctors. A hearing set to be held in April will determine whether Dr Epstein's medical licence will be cancelled.
National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. Researchers found that about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. In many cases, swift action is taken with lockdowns and evacuations. However, authorities say the majority of the time  threats turn out to be hoaxes.
Chicago Cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day. The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms and according to those who were there, some were left with no choice but to relieve themselves while standing in line. Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine, as the modernization of the stadium reduced the famous stadium to a potential public health disaster.
Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created a new answer to the Creme Egg question of 'how do you eat yours?' Mr Clarkson decided to wrap the Easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried. The result is his very own 'Pie-egg-ra' dish which is then served with chips at a price of £2.75.
Lindsey Norman spotted the image of Jesus in a hot cross bun from Sainsbury's. The shop assistant said it made her 'giggle' with Easter coming up. This is not the first time the Saviour has been spotted in a peculiar sighting. Last week a California couple were shocked by the'miraculous' appearance of Jesus on their pine dining table.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems. Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses. The chemical clogged the man's kidneys, to the point that they had become inflamed.
The 40-year-old E! star has detailed her tumultuous relationship with Jerry O'Connell in her memoir Going Off Script. Their romance - which ran from 2003 to 2004 - turned sour when Giuliana discovered Jerry had been cheating on her with Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice.
Kellie Maloney, 61, started the process to change gender two years ago. She underwent her final surgery last week and was expected to stay for 10 days. But she has been released four days early and is recovering at home. She now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in Kent.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday. The driver, Christian Crawford, 35, reportedly lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the fence, killing the couple. AvileZ was nine months pregnant at the time, the fetus did not survive. Crawford, who had recently been released from prison, was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.
Ivan Milat is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in NSW between 1989 and 1992. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years. Now, his nephew Alistair Shipsey has released a book of his letters. In the letters, he tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed. 'I get my share of women writing to me - some real good looking ones, too,' Milat wrote.
Logan, 43, is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories. On February 11, 2011, Logan was the victim of a'sustained and brutal' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of President Mubarak. She was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir Square, seconds after Egyptian colleagues heard men talking about wanting to take her pants off. The group tore her clothes from her body, groped and beat her.
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him by Princess Eugenie. The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry. Since splitting with Harry, Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury. She's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry, starred in a West End stage play and is now destined to act alongside Dame Judi Dench.
Hot spot is near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. It produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why. Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere. Like carbon dioxide, it contributes to global warming.
Experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low. Extending au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $250 a week as live-in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option. Labor Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says that's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 cottage in Bosbury, Herefordshire. But Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimers disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door. He had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land - which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home. On top of that, he faced the growing strain of caring for his 70-year-old wife, who was known as Anne. Last August the pressure got so much he shot her dead
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits. With over 15km (nine miles) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water, it really is one of Laos' hidden treasures. Visitors are able to kayak through the waters, or explore adjacent chambers on foot.
Richard and Angela Maxwell scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on Tuesday. Mrs Maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an April Fools' Day joke on her when he told her. The couple, both 67, so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall. Mr Maxwell plans to retire and play bowls, while his wife plans to buy designer handbags and shoes.
Diane Greenberg, a devout Catholic, and her husband Bob, who is Jewish, decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane took charge of her daughter Katie, 24; while Bob took the reins teaching Steven, 21, as they grew up in New Hope, Pennsylvania. Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian to this day. Meanwhile Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old, and was given religious lessons in an Orthodox Hebrew school. While Katie remains Christian today, Steven is now agnostic.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary Atresia within days of being born. Her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive. Her mother was not a suitable match and her twin sister was tested. Shanell Reader gave up part of her liver to save her niece's life. Star underwent the operation in November and has since made a good recovery.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving Andrews friend Jeffrey Epstein, a convicted paedophile and sex offender. Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a sex slave to Epstein and was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times should be struck from the record
A power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators. Traffic lights also went out in parts of the city. Power company Pepco said a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible. The State Department's acting spokeswoman Marie Harf was in the middle of her daily briefing when the blackout hit. She lit the room with her cell phone, photos posted to Twitter show, and ultimately had to cut it short. Oprah Winfrey also got caught up in the power outage while speaking at the
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12, during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of Ferguson's police chief. Prosecutors say Williams told investigators he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else. All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center. Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD and wasn't aiming at the cops.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U. Company was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge. Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society  either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled.
The picture of Rosa Camfield cradling her new-born great-granddaughter captured the hearts of millions. Posted to Facebook two weeks ago, the loving image of Rosa and baby Kaylee became an online sensation before it was announced that Rosa had sadly passed away on Monday. Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, detailed her grandmother's life from tumultuous youth in the Depression era, to a difficult divorce in the 1950s and all the way to her third marriage - to her childhood sweetheart - in her 80s. 'Grandma was always happy, I mean, she was smart as a whip, even at
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday. Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Brandt said he had hanged himself. She said Brandt, 65, was 'devastated' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Dr Franff only appears in one episode, titled 'Kimmy Goes To The Doctor!', but his door claims hes a board DDS, DS, DOBGYN, rather than
The orphaned youngsters are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner. Nursed originally on milk form bottles custard creams were introduced into their diet slowly to see whether the cubs were ready for food. The first of the badger cubs, named Little Star, was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the Secret World centre.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure. The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson, who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday. 'I think its sending the right signal, the way this has been resolved, to the world and the country,' Hutchinson said.
Christian Englander, 30, was arrested on Monday for throwing a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico. On Thursday, he threw another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack. Englander said he ate the banana and washed it down with a shot of 99 Bananas liquor before the show. He was escorted out of the venue after the attack and later got into a heated argument with a man called Jay Wills, who was also in the audience. The comedian said Englander did not seem remorseful, and he believed the banana attack was racially motivated.
Delta's new pet GPS system allows owners to track their pets in real time. The first-of-its-kind technology was developed by Sendum Wireless Corp. It is available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. Delta Air Lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward the vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 'without necessarily having identified and lined up their target', report states. They also reportedly failed to appropriately aim their guns. Amid their chaotic shooting, transit cop Richard Donohue was critically wounded. Shortly after the firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. Then, later in the night, when Dzhkhar Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat, another officer 'fired his weapon without appropriate authority' This caused others to
Antiquities looted from ancient temples and Buddhist sites in India have been found on display at the Honolulu Museum of Art. They were sourced from art dealer Subhash Kapoor, who is facing charges in India. The items' origin was discovered after a tourist visiting the museum noticed the dealer was listed as their source. Agents from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement will take the items back to New York and eventually return them to the government of India.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs is a new book. The pictures were taken by a German-born French photographer in 1950. She stayed with Frida and her husband, artist Diego Rivera, for two years. In the pictures Frida is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house. She is also seen lying in her bed surrounded by books.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde starting last September. Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death. The cancer biology PhD student has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
Five-month-old Elijah McCrae suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Born strong, he's now'very floppy', and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday. His heartbroken parents are compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. The family have already ticked one item off the line-up. They visited the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend. And in the coming weeks, they are hoping to head out on a road trip to Queensland, stopping along the way at various sights.
Finnish stunt performer, Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden. The group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine. Antti is seen casually spinning on his seat mid-flight and even waving at a trailing helicopter. The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group, Stunt Freak Team, the group spent just three hours conjuring up the plan.
11-month-old babies were shown magic tricks that defied their expectations. Boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall. When given the ball to play with, they repeatedly banged it on a table. Babies were similarly perplexed by a toy car that appeared to defy the laws of gravity and float in thin air. Importantly, the babies shown the magic tricks were more interested in playing with the ball than a brand new toy.
The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. Newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements, according to the department.
Emirates says its flight EK709 was returning from the Indian Ocean island nation of Seychelles when the incident occurred in airspace controlled from Mumbai, India. Etihad Airways separately says it is investigating 'a reported incident' involving one of its planes traveling in the opposite direction. Neither the Dubai carrier nor Abu Dhabi-based Etihad would say how close the two planes came to each other. However a Resolution Advisory was given to both planes, which means the distance between the two aircraft could have resulted in a collision within 25 seconds.
Former premier made unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg. But secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears he is being deployed to encourage Western investment to the country. Ecologists fear a mining boom in the region could destroy sacred treasures.
Researchers at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California used X-ray beams to study the structural changes that take place in the skin. They found the collagen in the dermis, the thickest of the three main layers that make up skin, changed its alignment at the edge of the tear. The findings help to explain why the thin layer of cells that cover our bodies is able to provide such an effective barrier to the outside world. Scientists behind the research hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft.
The 48-year-old tourist wrote her name and the day's date on the dome. She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning. Staff from Museo dellOperate del Duomo alerted police, who charged her.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida. Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused. But Jones later told TMZ Sports that he was listening to music before the fight and put his phone in his shorts.
Bridewell Prison in Liverpool is being developed into a luxury hotel. The jail was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes. The rooms have been transformed into bright and airy abodes. It's due to open in the Spring and will host weekend music and leisure events.
Ashley Doody, 30, allegedly stabbed her mixed-breed dog, Trixie, with a kitchen knife on Sunday because she thought it was possessed by demons. Police believe she had taken bath salts which can cause severe agitation, paranoia, hallucinations and suicidal behavior in users. The dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive. She has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and is due to appear in court on May 19.
Charlene Bishop went to feed her pony Taffee on Wednesday and was worried when she didn't meet her at the gate as normal. Her mother Danielle Flisher went to investigate and found the Shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries. The left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. The five-year-old animal also had a broken leg and vets had no option but to put the distressed pony down.
The Block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. The apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren and Dea.
29 per cent of GP trainee places remain unfilled, new figures show. This means patients tried and failed to book 34 million GP appointments last year. Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis. There is already a shortage of doctors in many parts of the country.
Margaret Atwood said the duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes. The 75-year-old said Kate hasnt lived up to the fashion icon reputation of her husbands late mother, Princess Diana. But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps. I think she dresses quite uneventfully, the author said.
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. Disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced dress code have posted their complaints on social media. Cassandra Hann said she was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas. Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge and wrote on Facebook 'I'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year'
Misty Machinshok, 33, has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse. She 'coached' the pair on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times' She planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in their home town of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. Her 29-year-old husband, who she met on onlinebootycall.com, will be sentenced this month after pleading no contest to raping the child 'every few days' throughout 2013.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London. His first work, in 1927, was about a man wrongly accused of being Jack The Ripper. His entire oeuvre, Ackroyd suggests, was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Voters in Clacton, Heywood and Middleton, Newark, Rochester and Strood, and Wythenshawe and Sale East lodged complaints. In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry. Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he had 'never regretted' making similar statements. His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father. Mr Le Pen is the founding father of the National Front (FN) and still an MEP.
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, has seen 400 per cent growth as far as multi-millionaires calling the city home. A new 10-year study from New World Wealth found Hong Kong to be home to the most millionaires: 15,400. The concrete jungle of New York City follows closely and is home to 14,300. In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more multi- millionaires than it was a decade ago.
A 38-year-old man jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, early Friday morning after being stopped by police. He spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water, with officers waiting for him on north and south sides of the creek. Police officers armed with a BB gun followed the man into the creek, got him in a choke hold and pulled him out. The suspect was taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg.
Alex Stock was portrayed as callous social climber in A Rape on Campus. He said magazine should be held accountable for not disciplining reporter. Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who wrote the story, is still employed by the magazine. Rolling Stone's reporting was torn apart by Columbia University professors. They pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner. His sister sobbed as she hugged her brother: 'Thank you Lord, thank you Jesus' Hinton was convicted of the 1985 murders of two Birmingham fast-food restaurant managers. Prosecutors said this week that modern forensic methods did not show the fatal bullets came from a revolver in Hinton's home.
The Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity Sea Shepherd, who believed it was engaged in illegal fishing. The Thunder had been fishing in the waters between Sao Tome and Principe, off the west coast of Africa. Watertight doors on board the Thunder were dogged open increasing suspicion that the vessel was scuttled. Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal.
Adele Berry spoke to a call handler when she contacted Vodafone over her bill. But she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her. The 21-year-old received a string of messages from the man, who said his name is 'Miguel' In one text, he referred to himself as her 'future hubby' and promised to buy her shoes when he met her.
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him apparently spitting on and racially abusing a train guard went viral. He was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. Since then he's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy, being drunk in public during Schoolies' week on the Gold Coast, being a public nuisance and becoming a brawl at a skate park.
Exclusive pictures show Dr Frederic Brandt the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey. They were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just a Jewish kid from Newark, and before he had transformed himself, in every sense, into the figure lampooned on Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt It is two days since the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his Miami home. He had been left devastated by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque
'My, my! At Waterloo Napoleon did surrender, sang Swedens fab four in their famous Eurovision Song Contest winner. They would have discovered the truth when they subsequently paid a visit to the Wellington Museum in Waterloo, just south of Brussels in Belgium. Napoleon certainly didnt surrender at Waterloo.
Ginger tabby cat sneaked inside a shipping container in Egypt before embarking on a mammoth 3,000 mile trip to Herefordshire. The kitten, who has since been named Sinbad, was discovered by puzzled staff at Mediterranean Linens in Moreton-on-Lugg, Hereford. They heard meows coming from inside the container, which was carrying laundry linen. The RSPCA was called out to investigate and there they found the exhausted and ravenous kitten. He had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes.
An Audience with Jimmy Savile will open in London in June. Author Jonathan Maitland said the public is'ready' for the play to be shown. He said: 'What person would not want to explore what kicked it off?' Critics have slammed the subject choice, describing it as 'unbelievable'
Rita, 24, is the face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign. showcases colourful new collection of eyeliners, lipsticks and nail varnishes. Rocking a red lip and beachy, tousled hair, Rita proves she can cut it as a model.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four and business owner, has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri. Over the past few years he has been mailing them a 'gift' It started in 1992, when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $5,000. Then in 2002, he sent his former business teacher a $10,000 check. He recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his onetime home economics teacher, a check for $10,.000. Perz enlisted the help of
Police had opened an investigation into the incident which took place at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire last month after Clarkson had been filming in the area. But after the victim Oisin Tymon said that he did not want to press charges, officers have now decided to drop the probe.
Richard Curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum. 71-year-old was warned he would have to have his nose removed to stop the cancer spreading. Had metal implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity in order to hold his prosthetic in place.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast. Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings. In August utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, it has emerged.
The death of a 20-month-old toddler in central west NSW is being treated as suspicious by police. The boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on March the 23rd and was rushed to Coolah District Hospital. Forensic officers attended the property on Merrygoen Rd in Neilrex on Wednesday where they executed a crime scene warrant. Police are appealing to the public for any information about the incident.
Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets. Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. The jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look.
Robert Mccombs told a court in Grand Rapids, Michigan on Wednesday that Steven Carl Day admitted to him and his roommate Roger Musick that he molested a young relative and that he was molesting other young girls. 'Day said he thought one of the girls was starting to like it,' Mccomb testified. Musick, 39, mouthed the words 'I want to kill him,' MCCombs told the court.
50,000 Britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount starter homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder. News comes as David Cameron reiterates his pledge to offer the cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers. The project, launched last month, is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme.
Sculpture was commissioned by UKTV to celebrate screening of Sherlock. It took a crew of eight people over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg. Reaction to the sculpture was mixed, with some shoppers bursting into laughter. The 38-year-old actor is currently expecting his first child with wife Sophie Hunter.
University of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at a University of Wisconsin player, at a press conference following the Wildcats 71-64 loss. Harrison muttered 'F*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about Badgers player Frank Kaminsky. Harrison has since apologized for his comment. 'He reached out to me, we talked about it, [I'm] over it,' Kaminsky said Saturday.
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place, and can be released at the push of a button. A high heel (up to 3.5 inches) can be swapped for a lower heel (1.5inches),without compromising the style. The first of their kind, the shoes, which start from £260, are supposedly comfortable.
The instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat, the academics suggest. It could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago. Study leader Joshua New, of Columbia University in New York, said: Humans were at perennial, unpredictable and significant risk of encountering highly venomous spiders in their ancestral environments'
Lance Corporal Albert Duffy was attacked at a bus stop in Hartlepool. He was left bleeding from his ears and in a coma for 14 days after the attack. The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around, triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults, a court heard this week. The soldier had high hopes of progressing through the ranks, but is now unlikely to return to the military.
The body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills. The 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty, once the worlds richest man, Andrew was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises the saying that money doesnt bring you happiness.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin died from massive bowel injuries days before her death. The three-year-old was allegedly locked in a bedroom by her father, forcing her to defecate and urinate in the room. Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. Kent, 46, was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday.
Documents released by Edward Snowden claim Britain spied on Argentina. They include allegations Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the Argentine government. There has been no official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims. Revelations come in the wake of already heightened tensions with the discovery of oil in the Falklands by the British last week.
The Ashton Canal was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company. It is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings. This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal, which runs in the shadow of Manchester City's Etihad Stadium. The Environment Agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam, 38, claims he changed his appearance to get into the St. Louis University School of Medicine in the late 1990s. He claims his change in appearance was'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me' His sister Mindy Kaling'strongly disapproves' of his new book, Almost Black, he said. 'She actually said, 'This book will bring shame on our family', he added.
Local Government Association warns they may not be able to create more places. By September next year, two in five local authorities will have more children than places. This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by the following year. Comes after head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned last year that schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Hannah and Alex built a two-bedroom, wood and steel home on the back of an old flatbed truck in Nelson, New Zealand. The home is powered mostly by solar panels and water comes from a nearby spring. All told, the project cost Hannah and Alex about $25,000 and the couple plans to build another one one day.
Teresa James, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996. Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth.
Pregnant woman left clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel. Her partner ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself, before diving under the vessel to locate the flare. The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent, at 3.30pm yesterday. HM Customs cutter Valiant, which was on the water nearby, was able to locate vessel within minutes and spotted a red flare.
freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning. The ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu. More than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety.
The China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens. Bad behaviour will include: disorder on public transportation, damaging public facilities or historical relics, ignoring social customs at tourism destinations, and becoming involved with gambling or prostitution. Chinese travellers spent an incredible $164 billion on foreign trips last year.
Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, from Maybee has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter. The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township. A witness reported seeing Miss Bruck walking about 3am with a man as the party was winding down. The sheriff's office published a sketch of the man she was seen with in a parking lot.
Jodie Barden, 28, is mother to Ella, eight, and Chloe, one. Both suffer from Cockayne Syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12. Condition causes premature ageing, underdeveloped nervous system and a small head. Ella currently has a tremor, which makes drinking from a beaker difficult. Chloe isn't walking yet and probably won't ever reach this milestone. Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters' funerals.
Labour launched poster declaring 'the Tories have made it harder to see a GP' Mr Miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer GP surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election. But critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date  and that the GP crisis is widely blamed on Labour's GP contracts, which allowed them to opt out of out-of-hours care.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female managers. Britain ranked relatively poorly and came in at 41st place out of 108. Pakistan was ranked as the worst country in the world for having female managers, at a meagre three per cent. Nearly a third of all businesses around the world are now owned by women.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that he was robbed.
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims of Thursday's brutal mass-murders were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican. He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
A 10-year-old autistic boy was put in a 2m by 2m structure by his teachers at a Canberra school. The cage was specifically designed for him to as a 'withdrawal space' while in class. The principal has been removed from the school and two teachers with expertise in disability education have been assigned to the school.
A Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job, while in Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only around 40% did. People who are hungry are more inclined to support of the welfare state policies that help the poor.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy. The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
Hayley Adams, 29, seen sneaking into William Tanners bedroom and taking cash from his coat. CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56. She had earlier expressed concern that his money kept going missing. But was shocked to discover culprit was a trusted relative - and mother to Mr Tanner's great-grandchildren. While Adams admitted to taking about £65, relatives suspected the amount stolen in one year was closer to thousands of pounds.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in Brooklyn, New York. Brooklyn has transformed itself in recent years from Manhattan's ugly little brother into the Big Apple borough where everyone wants to live. It's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line, but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding 1 Pierrepont Plaza has started a countdown clock.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. Pingvellir National Park sits atop the fault line that separates the American continent from the European one. The Secret Spring is a bubbling pool flanked by a geyser lit by the shimmering green and purple glow of the Northern Lights.
A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria. The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. The university is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him but the woman who says she was assaulted. The lawsuit comes as colleges across the country, and particularly in Virginia, are under increased scrutiny for how they respond to allegations of sexual assault.
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son, who was on a second date at a sushi restaurant. Carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son's image, she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse outside the church. His father, Nixon, told mourners: 'We're here to show the love we always have for him. I appreciate everybody coming. I'm going to put my son to rest now' He added: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is
The motoring programme's website previously featured the broadcasting trio alongside The Stig at the top of the page. But now the racing driver appears solo in his white helmet. BBC say the masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show'
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric. The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor. Couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as an anchor on Today for 15 years. The ladies are in talks with HBO, Showtime, AMC, Netflix and Amazon to pick up the program.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales. The elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on Wednesday.
John Howard, 66, had been a member of Overseas Press and Media Association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago. Father-of-three enjoyed dining alone on several £300 meals a month and also spent money on flowers, a court heard. His fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors and Howard started to dodge emails and phone calls. He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague as he left the dock at Canterbury Crown Court.
Ed Miliband says sexting is 'not advised for politicians' Nick Clegg says it is 'risky' for youngsters and 'dodgy' if you are older. Green leader Natalie Bennett says it's 'OK for other adults but not for me' Education Secretary Nicky Morgan answered: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!'
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. Exposure to the mould can cause mood swings, irrational anger and cognitive impairment, among other problems. A team of researchers are exploring whether the mould may cause people to think they have seen ghosts, by comparing conditions in 'haunted' and non-haunted old buildings.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy. 'Nowhere on North America TV have we seen a weather reader so gross as you (sic),' Kristi read from one of the messages. 'Your front end looks like the Hindenburg and rear end a brick'
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar hugged his client, patted her head, directed her to sing and used offensive language. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' with 'lots of kids, multiple fathers' The doctor initially denied any of the events took place during his consultation, telling investigators that he had 'brain confusion' However he admitted that he hugged the woman as he liked helping people.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver. The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday. It took dozens of emergency responders from multiple agencies about five hours to extricate the girl. The two other passengers managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries.
Curvy Kate is a lingerie brand for women with bigger boobs. The D+ label says its image is 'empowering' It coincides with the shortlist of their annual global Star in A Bra contest. Hopefuls enter online and the winner becomes the face and body of Curvy Kate.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, allegedly shot dead fiancée Samirria White, 19, on Sunday. Allegedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at her in bedroom of St Paul apartment. Carrying couple's three-month-old child, he then shot Miss White in face, police said. When medics arrived at scene, they pronounced the young mother dead. Now, Harrell has been charged with second-degree murder at Ramsey County District Court. He reportedly had 'trust issues' with Miss White after having two children by another woman. If convicted, he faces up to 40 years in prison.
Tiffany Jackson was arrested by police for driving with an invalid licence. Pupils at her Memphis school shared her mugshot on social media. Officials at Highland Oaks Middle School suspended three students. They said the children had demonstrated an 'inappropriate use of electronic media' But the decision was overturned after a backlash from parents.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. To date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times, with many viewers deeming it 'cute' and 'adorable'
Tiffany Sical, 21, and boyfriend Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, killed in crash. Couple were driving along Route 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, on Sunday. Joel Norman, 24, allegedly entered exit ramp while under the influence, police said. He then 'crashed head-on into Sical's Honda, which was in the left lane' Sical was pronounced dead at the scene; her boyfriend was also declared dead. Their six-year-old daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, has now been left orphaned. Norman, of Massachusetts, has been arrested and charged with two counts of
Ferme de Montagne is located in the French resort of Les Gets. Staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at The Dorchester. Hotel proprietors Suzanne Dixon-Hudson and her architect husband Henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital, pre-winter season.
A spring snowstorm and icy roads caught Colorado drivers by surprise Friday, causing a 39-vehicle pileup near Boulder. No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225.
Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. Prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former New England Patriots player of killing Odin Lloyd. Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing Lloyd.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party at a £3million mansion in Radlett, Hertfordshire last Friday night. Fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital. It is believed he is a Nigerian from north London who was at his first swingers' party at the eight-bedroom house. Neighbour Margaret Brown, 67, said: 'I'm devastated. He was such a sweet guy'
Party will launch billboard advert using image from famous 1979 Labour Isnt Working poster, but instead it will warn: The doctor cans see you now The poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim Callaghan's ailing government, but this time places them outside a waiting room. Labour will warn that new official figures show 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election.
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice was diverted to Stuttgart today. Airbus A319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil, the airline said. Passengers disembarked and waited inside the terminal while the ill passenger and flight attendant were checked over. Yesterday, another Germanwings plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in Venice after a passenger and a flight attendant fell ill.
Illume ArcLighter creates a super high-intensity electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers. It doesnt need to be refilled with fuel but is instead powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery. The lighter has flame-proof ceramic tips with a zinc alloy cover and a plastic body. It costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
Three centres in the UK in Cardiff, London and Northumberland, are set to open offering proton beam therapy. Announcement comes just weeks after parents of brain cancer sufferer Ashya King told of how he was given the 'all-clear' after receiving the treatment. Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt last year after taking their son out of hospital in Southampton without doctors' consent. Fearing that Ashya would be taken away from them and given the treatment, the family fled to Spain before travelling to the Czech Republic to the Proton Therapy Centre.
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust'
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents. The Cowboy Bag includes a toy sheriff's hat, a vest and a red bandana, as well as a toy pump action shotgun and a pack of plastic pistols and handcuffs. The Rockstar bag includes an inflatable guitar, toy trilby and some items including a tinsel hair clip the site lists as worth $395. The Aussie Bogan bag - if that's your thing - offers better value. For $15 buyers will get a drinking cap with Aussie flag, a mullet wig, fake bogan teeth,
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles to pay a fine on Thursday when she suddenly knew she was having a baby. Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse. Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over to assist her. 'She was like, "I'm having the baby right now',' Oliver recalled. The baby boy, Malachi, was healthy.
Obama said he will keep Congress apprised of the'substance of the deal' Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran and suggested the US may be giving too much away in its negotiations. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said yesterday this new agreement would 'threaten the very survival of the state of Israel'
Pete Bennett, 33, won the seventh series of Big Brother in 2006. Despite being given £100,000 of prize money, he is now homeless. He believes that finding fame on Big Brother kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the Class B drug ketamine. In the last nine years since becoming famous, seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in McKinney, Texas - around four miles from where he attended school. Police have not confirmed how he passed away but friends on social media reported that he had died from a bullet wound. Friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager, but said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students. McKinney police confirmed on Thursday that it was suicide.
Prime Minister pictured eating hotdog with a knife and fork on campaign trail. Bizarre dining etiquette was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of Ed Miliband's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich. Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing, and refuses to change the way he speaks or behaves.
Nigel Farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV. Ukip leader was accused of dangerous scaremongering But latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain  where their country of origin is known  were born overseas. Labour leader Ed Miliband branded the comments disgusting
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed prostitute Luciana Maurer, 23, dozens of times. Father-of-two then called two more vice girls over to his family home and raped them. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes. He pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today and now faces life in prison.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court last month after posting the mocked-up image of the Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook. The tongue-in-cheek advert for a cheap-drinks night at the VGastro bar in Rangoon provoked outrage among devout Buddhists.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were initially thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off. Incredibly, with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside, the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash. Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time of the explosion. Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard. It blew the back wall and windows out and caused substantial damage to the roof. Police have launched an investigation into the explosion, but are not treating it as suspicious.
The bus and train used in The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina. The vehicles were used to film a scene in which Harrison Ford's character leaps from a prison transport moments before it is struck by a train. The scene, which was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus, cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot. The remains of the vehicles were left on location where they have since become a popular tourist attraction.
Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, spent $5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. Two residents from the Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Manhattan told the New York Post of their experiences with spirits in the building. In 1971, fellow resident Davida Deutsch and her husband heard a booming noise the first night they spent in their apartment and woke up. In 1978, the bodies of actors Gig Young and Kim Schmidt were found in an apartment at The Osborne.
Greg Gibbins and his friends were at The Beachcomber Hotel in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Sunday night. The 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. The friend, who tried to help fatally injured Mr Gibbons but became 'victim number two', remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery. Police haven't been able to pinpoint the catalyst for the confrontation.
The noose was found early Wednesday in the plaza outside the Bryan Center, the student commons building. The university is not identifying the student in question, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy. The student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to Duke's student conduct process. An investigation is continuing to find out if others were involved.
Programmer Martin Bellander used freely available images for the project. The software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online. The plot above is based on 94,526 images from the years 1800-2000. The graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground has emerged. She was carrying a rifle, two hand grenades and one pistol, it said. The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage.
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home. Court papers included details of other frat hazing rituals that included pledges being told to fight one another and eat the insides of cigars.
Leila Alavi had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei. The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser was found dead inside her car in an underground car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney's west. Her sister Mitra Alavi has revealed her little sister had moved into her apartment in a desperate move after being refused from several women's shelters. Police alleged that a history of domestic violence was inflicted on Ms Alavi.
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community. The goat was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday. A plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock, and it was handed over to animal control.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched a week ago today. Despite the initial hype surrounding the app, there are already a concerning number of users, particularly women, reporting that they have been sexually harassed, or trolled, while using the technology. App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists that they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife. The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11. She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services. Photos on her Instagram and Facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online.
The vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. When administered, it induces an immune response against the virus. Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia, on March 2. Police are searching a pond near Carrsville after a new tip. The Longwood University freshman's phone sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will. He was arrested on March 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours.
David Hyche, now a special agent at the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF), developed the technology nine years ago when his daughter turned blind. A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lib Dem leader said idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country, and risked instability. Mr Clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament. He sought to make the case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or the Conservatives.
The Queen and senior members of the Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service of thanksgiving. Chain of beacons will be lit across the country, Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies. Star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking 70th anniversary.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday and agreed to a plea deal over a grand theft charge. He agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for allegedly stealing from the $1million home. The items that were taken from the house were returned to their owner. The 47-year-old musician-turned-reality-television-star famously rapped that 'anything less than the best is a felony' in his 1990s hit song Ice Ice Baby.
Colin Barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia. Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year. This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The 58-year-old actor was going through customs to board his EasyJet flight. Staff discovered he had six £1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding in his hand luggage. Pease pudding is a traditional dish made with split peas and a favourite in the North East of England.
Shigella infections, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. Symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea. Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults. The superbug sickened at least 243 people, in 32 states and Puerto Rico.
The prickly Australian mammal was filmed paddling out to sea in the turquoise waters off the Mornington Peninsula, 83 km south of Melbourne. The video of the swimming echidna, which looks to be happily using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel, was posted online by YouTube user Emma B. Echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers.
Indonesian officials probing labor abuses told the migrant workers today they were allowing them to leave for another island by boat out of concern for their safety. More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching.
The 13 letters that once lit the Bronx from above Yankee Stadium failed to find a buyer at an auction at Sotheby's on Wednesday. The current owner of the signage is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. While the letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, the only person who raised a paddle - for $260,000 - was a Sothebys employee trying to jump start the bidding.
Rules laid down by Transport for London mean refugees and those applying for asylum do not have to reveal whether they have a criminal history. Legal loophole in official application document on 'private hire driver licensing' says people coming to Britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked. Everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records checks.
Colin Turnbull, 69, found in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39. Governor at £13,000-a-year Priory School in Birmingham walked in on tryst. Pair were engaged in sex act during entrance exam day at Birmingham school. Mr Turnbull, who has worked at the school for nine years, has not commented. School confirmed senior staff had told him to 'never return'
Samantha Cameron has made her first solo appearance of the general election. She swooped into Rochester and Strood, the seat held by Mark Reckless. Mr Reckless defected from the Tories to Ukip last summer. Tory sources said it remains a 'key seat' and Mrs Cameron was keen to support Tory Kelly Tolhurst.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. The toothfish poaching vessel Thunder issued a distressing signal, claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00pm on Monday. The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vesselThunder for more than 100 days. The Thunder lost its nets, its catch and its profits for the entire season.
Producer known as Naughty Boy has been working on Zayn's solo music. He posted a clip of a track entitled I Won't Mind, but has since taken it down. The clip sent both One Direction fans and one of the band's former band mates into turmoil. Louis Tomlinson tweeted: 'Wow @NaughtyBoyMusic you're so inconsiderate pal'
Labours shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously. He eventually answered correctly following a ten second pause. Last month he revealed he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths. During an interview on Good Morning Britain, he said he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions.
At a size 34B, Annabel Cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust. The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed the boob-job bra It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size. The inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants. While the Try Size is pretty, it is also hefty.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. Earthquakes and seismic activity contribute to this ringing, but researchers have now proved ocean waves also play a role. As so-called short waves collide near the surface they create weak microseismic waves, which combine with long, more powerful waves dragging across the ocean's floor to create the constant hum. During March 2008 two large seismic events took place. But the largest hum coincided with a Johanna storm. The storm generated waves with a peak of 16 seconds and heights of 42ft (12.8 metres)
The religion's share of the worlds population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070, analysis by the Pew Research Center showed. The number of Muslims will increase at more than double the rate of world's population, which is expected to rise by 35 per cent in the next four decades. By 2100 there will be around one per cent more Muslims than Christians, with the largest proportion of followers in India.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, was arrested at Luton Airport yesterday. He was taken to a central London police station where he was charged today. He is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today, Scotland Yard said.
Becky Watts, 16, went missing from her Bristol home in February. Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill. Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister. His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice. Jaydene Parsons, 23, James Ireland, and Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, are accused of helping dispose of and conceal Becky's body parts.
Barronelle Stutzman, 70, was fined $1,000 in March for refusing to sell a same-sex couple flowers for their 2013 wedding. A gofundme.com page set up in February for the Richland, Washington florist has raised more than $87,000. A judge ruled in February that her refusal to sell the flowers violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws.
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped the Classic FM Hall of Fame. It topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation's favourite Desert Island Discs tune. The top five was completed by Rachmaninov's Piano Concerto No. 2, another Vaughan Williams work Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis, Elgar's Enigma Variations.
Belinda Earl was parachuted in as style director in September 2012. She has been credited with bringing in a number of sales hits. These include the £199 suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung and Olivia Palermo. Celebrities Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and David Gandy have also helped increase sales with their own ranges.
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children based in Blackpool, Lancashire. The volunteer worker admitted stealing a laptop and TomTom satnav from the charity. Despite the fact he was meant to be helping the charity by raising its profile following a devastating arson attack in 2011. He pleaded guilty to two counts of theft at Preston Crown Court after a three-year criminal investigation.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion had been stolen from her driveway on Monday night. Then, on April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle as her car. She noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents. She is now getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana.
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison. He murdered his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, and sexually abused her dead body in October last year. He then killed and mutilated her dog, and wrote messages in blood on the wall, including: 'I'm not sorry for what I did' The trial lasted just three days, with Santana previously admitted to murdering the victim and raping her corpse. Judge Renee Roche said Santana has 'no glimmer of humanity'
Steven Howie, 28, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries. He punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault on New Year's Eve. He also smashed furnishings and pulled the door of their en-suite bathroom off its hinges. Howie admitted threatening violence, assaulting and injuring Miss Murray, causing damage to the room, and giving a false name to police. He was sentenced to eight months in prison at Stirling Sheriff Court.
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit a stranger over the head with a bottle in Cardiff. The 20-year-old's victim Matthew Leeke, 38, was making his way home alone. Mr Leeke was left with cuts to the back of his head and his forehead. He was taken by ambulance to the University Hospital of Wales, Cardiff, and a scan showed a fracture. A judge at Cardiff Crown Court has now jailed the thug for four years.
Janet Muller was found dead in the boot of a burning car on March 13. The 21-year-old was reported missing from Mill View Hospital, Hove. CCTV footage shows her in Portslade, East Sussex, at 10.30pm on March 12. The University of Brighton student died as a result of smoke inhalation. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, of Lakeside, Beckenham, London, has been charged with murder.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children. He siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him' He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court after admitting fraud and deception.
In May 2014, Benito Gonzalez Jr.,46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks, police say. A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest. Gonzalez claims the incident -- which he says he does not remember -- is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago.
The Queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop their technical expertise using the most organic and unique sources from her Royal gardens. The successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences - including Balmoral in Scotland - for three months of the year. They must also order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden. The job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available for which there is a salary adjustment
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' during his Easter Monday address. He asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world for Christians persecuted because of their faith. The Pope, aged 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted by Islamic extremists in parts of the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
Eight-strong team painted 30 phone booths in Beijing in five hours overnight. Artist Xiao Wang said he wanted to raise a smile with stressed-out residents. He said he had witnessed three people take their own lives in just one month. Baymax appears in the movie Big Hero 6 about a young boy with a talent for robotics.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show. It came just a day after it was announced that Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic. The dramatic Kermit green prototype seen in New York is a three-door version. But the Swind on factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version around the globe.
Not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical. Some are mirror image twins. This means that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise, in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise. It's likely that they will have grown more identical over time as their identical DNA asserts itself, following different levels of nourishment in the womb.
David Light, account director at The Data Partnership, revealed the underhand tactics used by his company to coax information from people. They start with soft questions that seem harmless before going into ones about personal finances. While a brief disclaimer is read, bosses admitted victims do not realise answering the questions will lead to dozens of calls from different companies.
Helaman Barlow, who was chief of the bordering towns of Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah, said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs. He said he lived in fear that Jeffs and other leaders would take his wife and children away from him if he didn't act as they wanted. Barlow said after years of protecting the church, he eventually decided to leave. He has since grown out his hair and his beard to signal that he is turning his back on them. Federal investigators are now suing the towns' governments, accusing them of being controlled by the
Flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am and was forced to return at 9.20am. The aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause. All passengers were accommodated on alternative aircraft and proceeded with their journey. Incident happened an hour after two Ryanair planes clipped each other on the ground at the same airport.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history. In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanics garage for three generations. A couple have put the Old Kilmore Gaol in Victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago.
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into a new-build flat in London five years ago. But after a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' into her flat. The retired hairdresser's nightmare began when she noticed a foul smell. She also discovered an unidentifiable brown substance bubbling up through the plughole in her bath.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe in Manchester's Northern Quarter. The breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs, topped off with three types of flavoured milk. The meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 97 teaspoons of sugar.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump David Clarke via WhatsApp at midnight. She texted her partner with the words: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy' But David replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to' Hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to Twitter.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere. As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course. The incident, which occurred just past 6pm, shut
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia. Along the way, the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles, construction zones, bridges, tunnels, aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions.
Bloomberg, 73, is reportedly considering standing for London mayor's job in 2016. He has significant business interests in the city, and owns a $30million mansion. Bloomberg holds U.S. citizenship, but officials could arrange a switch. London is due a new mayor in 2016, and Boris Johnson will have held the job for eight years.
Sickly sweet dessert contains an astonishing 5,000 calories. It is on sale at The Wicked Waffle in North End, Portsmouth, for £25. Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
The disabled cat, called Freeman, was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced, dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn. Police are now investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds - leaving the cat to die in agony.
Kathleen Blomberg, who lived in a building badly damaged by Thursday's explosion has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under Blomburg's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. Two people died and 22 were injured in last week's explosion, which authorities now believe was caused by an illegally tapped gas line.
Cheryl Howe, 32, from Morecambe, was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 12. Suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS, spending £2,000 a year on razors, and shaving up to three times a day. Finally got approved for NHS funding for laser hair removal treatment.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner,' police say. After strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola,' according to sources. Police were called and arrived at Nudal's Bay Terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with Lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out.
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. The policy was brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of an open jail in May while on day release. The violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the Old Bailey in 2002 and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims. Ministry of Justice announced they would appeal against the ruling.
Biologist Dr Joe Hanson has worked out what the human body would look like as a chemical formula. A 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen. It would also contain 132 million atoms. of oxygen and 85 million. atoms of carbon. By comparison, this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life. Walden was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012. The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening. Stuart Ringholt, the tour guide for the retrospective, said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art. 'You don't have the clothing distracting you. And because of the light installations, everyone is very neutral,' said one woman. The tour ran for an hour after the NGA was closed for the evening.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet after she tried to end their relationship in October last year. He also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page. He and the victim had attended the same school when they were children but got back in contact through Facebook in 2013. They met up for three dates between January and September 2013 but had sex on just one occasion.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed. Police were forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. Crowd numbers continued to grow throughout the afternoon, and some protesters had to be treated by paramedics after the ugly clashes. It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti- Islam groups has mocked protests. Organisers behind the Sydney protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account. 'It's not us. @reclaim_aus,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category, just as anti-Semitic crimes are recorded separately. At present some forces, including Londons Metropolitan Police, do record Islamophobia crimes as such. Other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm.
Daniel Buccheri composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys. He toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding in  using his voice. The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke has been viewed over 100,000 times online.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website, according to founder David Abitbol. Sydney-sider Steve York used HomeCamp to connect with Rose Smith and let her stay in his backyard for three nights.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. He says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses. He claims one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a Christmas party and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting. Lombardi says he reported both incidents' to HR, but that they went 'nowhere'
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course. She was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead. She laughed and joked with a pal for more than an hour at the nearby Applegreen Garage before her course started.
Nicola Sturgeon's style on Thursday night was deliberately calm, natural and direct. An instant poll by YouGov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer. Judy Murray said: GSM Sturgeon (Game, Set and Match) Sturgeon could hold the balance of power and be in position to decide who forms the next government.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Nou Camp in the Champions League. Neymar scored twice as the La Liga giants eased through to the next round. Former Chelsea defender David Luiz endured a horrendous evening in Spain. Marc-Andre ter Stegen was called into action for the first time by Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity. The Justice Department filed a brief in the case Friday saying it's not taking a position on the accuracy of Diamond's claims.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess. The 24-year-old was a member of a gang responsible for selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs. Officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang's'stash house' in Brent, north west London. They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents, and equipment used for drug dealing. He was jailed for 11 years alongside fellow gang members Besim Topalli, 29, and Azem Proshka, 23.
Teachers to call for 'play in the curriculum' for schoolchildren up to seven. National Union of Teachers says this is more suitable than educating them in formal way. Many children are not ready to sit down and do reading, writing and maths when they start school at the age of four or five, according to the NUT. It will say schools should follow the lead of countries like Finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times.
The collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker. It will be auctioned off at the Hilton Universal City in Los Angeles, California, and on PropStore.com this May 29. The collection from Baker's Cinovation studio is worth an estimated $746,100 and some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000.
Labour leader's looks proved a hit with Twitter users during last night's debate. Viewers took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy tie' and smouldering looks. One fan even likened Miliband to Hansel from modelling comedy Zoolander. Mr Miliband isn't the first politician to find himself on the receiving end of attention based on his good looks.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. The youngster was injured at Phoenix's Castles N' Coasters amusement park on March 27.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson, once the singer's staunchest defender, now claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff has scheduled a hearing for Robson and another of Jackson's alleged child victims, James Safechuck, on Tuesday. Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims. The Jordan Chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than $40 million.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today to celebrate the designer's 50 years in fashion. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano, were joined by fashion influencers Kate Waterhouse Margaret Zhang and Tanja Gacic in the front row. The collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the Eighties and features bold Indian Pinks, Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues.
Tyler Kost, who appeared in court on Monday, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse. The prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but Defense Attorney Michael Alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $6 each. The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. The results of her Aldi experiment include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots. 'The worst homemade disaster is better than the shop bought stuff,' says Lyndey.
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner, his cousin Mohammed Alazzani told KPIX-TV. He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter when he was killed in a mortar attack on Tuesday. Al-labani was trying to get his family out of the country and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed
Savannah and Carson swapped gender roles and performed as Danny and Sandy, respectively, from Grease. Al, Willie and Natalie donned white wigs for their performance of Sia's Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TVs new series Lip Sync Battle.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot. The couple moved it to the Freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating. To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, they put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room. The home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets.
Prime Minister will set out the Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on bureaucracy and crackpot Government schemes There is no such thing as public money, there is only taxpayers money, he will say.
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant. Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode. KFC has a global turnover of $23billion (£15billion) a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK alone.
The strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, and is a sun spot. The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is. Sun spots range in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen from Earth without a telescope.
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France. Groups of up to 10 guests can enjoy stunning ocean views on the quaint plot for the mere price of ¬200 (£145) for two nights. Suitable for adventurers only, guests will lodge in the cottage once used by the lighthouse keepers, who had to manually guide boats through the waters.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials, bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb, a court heard. The equipment was found purely by chance in April last year after a fire at a block of flats in the Muirhouse area of Edinburgh. Police and army Explosive Ordnance Device (EOD) experts were called in to test the substances - some of which were years old. Judge Lady Wolffe sentenced him to three years and four months in prison.
Belfast-born Iain Watters had to leave the show after he binned his baked Alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted. Now he's back with his modern take on traditional fruity Easter fare - a Simnel cake. Iain offers up a modern update on the fruit-based cake with the twist of pistachios, figs and nutmeg seasoning.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands coast. Officials claim companies active there are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory. It comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field of the islands. Discovery could be worth billions of pounds and increase fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. The company has admitted that it paid the bloggers to wear the paisley-print, handkerchief-hem summer dress. The move proved an instant success as the $88 Paisley Asymmetrical Dress sold out almost immediately and created an online buzz.
Eight animals are dead, including at least one alligator that once belonged to Michael Jackson, after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures at a zoological park in Oklahoma. Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park. The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment.
The probation was decided last week but announced by the university Monday. 'Rutgers takes seriously its commitment to maintaining a healthy and safe campus environment,' the university said in a statement. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. And in September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party.
A new survey by Ripley's Believe It or Not! has revealed the celebrities we would most like to have as our family members. David Beckham was voted number one choice for Dad. Holly Willoughby was voted the person that we would Most like as our mother. Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum have been voted as our brothers. Helena Bonham Carter has been named as the perfect celebrity aunt.
Poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, a local news agency reports. The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border. The increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between Russia and Poland over the conflict in Ukraine.
Vatican medics told Francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week and take a daily walk, like his predecessor Pope Benedict XVI did. The Popes weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain. He has suggested that he does not expect to live to an old age.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted Wednesday on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week. On Monday, the recovering diplomat, Mark Lippert, was pictured out on the streets of Seoul flanked by five bodyguards.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several shots into crowd in College Park, Georgia. One bullet struck 17-year-old boy in buttocks, while another hit Pierre, 15. Pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister, 13, from other boy. When first responders arrived, Pierre was lying unconscious on the floor. He was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head. Tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children. She is now expected to face upgraded charges following Pierre's death.
Vietnamese labourer Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. Fearing he couldn't afford any further medical treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside. It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Four million square foot Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. Fans will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Studios, Orlando, proved that if done correctly, theme parks can tap into a large movie fan base. The final instalment, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, is debuting on Nov 20, 2015.
Andy Murray watched Barcelona defeat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp. The British No 1 is currently in Barcelona training with Jonas Bjorkman. It's the second time Murray has watched Barcelona in less than a week. The 27-year-old watched from the stands on Saturday as Lionel Messi scored his 400th career goal against Valencia.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris yesterday morning. He said the pilot managed to dispel the 'tense vibe' by his actions. Mr Kelly's post said: 'There was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal' He added that the pilot's efforts had made him feel 'enormous respect'
Molly Wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in Tesco car park. The burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' Pensioner's sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was also injured in the incident.
Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan has launched his own clothing range. Jam Industries is a range of surf-inspired city wear. Andy, an avid surfer, co-owns a surf school in Devon. He also has a career as a fledgling singer and regularly performs.
Bayern Munich defeated Porto 5-3 on the night at the Allianz Arena. Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Robert Lewandowski, Thomas Muller and Xabi Alonso scored the goals for the German giants. Robert Marcano was sent off in the 73rd minute for the Portuguese giants. Bayern had taken a 3-1 lead into the second leg of their Champions League last 16 tie.
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast. He said he survived by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket. But doubters have questioned how Jordan  who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder  seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal.
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District. The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, and is perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus.
Sokaze-ki Q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the device. It then moves it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. Alternatively, the Q has a '1/f fluctuation' function that reduces the force of the air flow, and sends 'natural wind' that mimics the outside breeze. The fan is on sale in Japan for ¥39,350 (£220) and is available in Crystal Red, Champagne Gold and Pearl White.
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears posed for the photograph with Snoop at South by Southwest in Austin. After his publicist took the photo, Snoop posted it to Instagram with the caption: 'Me n my deputy dogg' Spears' bosses at DPS saw the posting and then cited him. The official reprimand read: 'While working a secondary employment job, Trooper Spears took a photo with a public figure who has a well-known criminal background'
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jamie Carragher believes John Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League. Carragher claims Terry has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard. Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance as the 'best' he has seen.
Yemeni rebels have seized President Abedrabbo Mansour Hadi's palace. On same day Al-Qaeda militants freed hundreds of inmates in a jailbreak. Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, official said. Elsewhere, the advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden.
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and Aaron Tate, 29, have been charged with child endangering. The three-month-old was found on Friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio. A patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. Another employee told police JaajAA refused to take the baby because it was the fathers 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans.
Stuart, 33, claimed STD was result of car exhaust rather than cheating. Claim was made by ex-girlfriend Sophie who was outraged to find she had it. Unbeknown to Sophie, Stuart was sitting backstage with his new 'wife' Linda. He burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and her boyfriend, Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with killing the girl's mother. Cheryl Silv onek, 54, was fatally stabbed in the driveway of her Upper Macungie Township home early March 15, hours after taking her daughter and Barnes to a concert. Barnes was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, and was previously charged with homicide. He confessed to stabbing Cheryl SilVonek in the neck multiple times while they were in SilvOnek's car, and the teenager admitted she was there when he
Jayla Currie from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Women's Prison. The program allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences. In 23-year-old Jaylas case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges. She gave birth to Jayden in a single room with just a doctor and a female officer.
Ronaldinho scored twice in Queretaro's 4-0 win over Club America. The 35-year-old came on as the game approached full-time. Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura after a 3-0 home victory.
Amanda Knox has said she will work to overturn miscarriages of justice. She was sensationally cleared of the murder of Meredith Kercher last week. Knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people who were jailed. The American, known as Foxy Knoxy, and former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of the 21-year-old exchange student.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations. Sofia, Bulgaria, offers the best value for Britons this summer when it comes to cost of common incidentals. Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations. Western Europe, specifically Scandinavia, is home to some of the most expensive.
James Weld stumped up £15,000 to bring an end to a three-year stand-off with Natural England over access to Durdle Door beach. The previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012. Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps under the law for three years by claiming they did not form part of the coastal path.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that her parents were assured was nothing to worry about. But within weeks it had nearly killed her, after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply. At just 10 weeks old, she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper. Jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks and her mother claims doctors were
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution' after years of declining home ownership. He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula in Poole, Dorset. The beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. But the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost her parents and sister in the Holocaust. She said seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' Groening, 93, is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. He faces a possible three to 15 years in jail if convicted.
Cara Newton was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer. She had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. The couple tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed, they feared the worst. Then 10 months later, to their utter surprise, Mrs Newton became pregnant naturally with baby Sebastian, who was born last April.
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind in secondary school. From 2016, if the Tories win the election, any pupil who does not achieve a good pass in English and Maths tests taken at age 11, will be required to take a resit test.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police after the verdict was handed down. The administrator was convicted of abusing three young boys at the Jakarta Intercultural School. The sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community. Also standing trial for abusing the children is Ferdinand Tjiong, an Indonesian teaching assistant at the school. Both men, who have strongly denied committing abuse, received backing from the school, parents, and theinternational community. Their supporters have said the case is deeply flawed and motivated by a bid by
Former lecturer Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite. Tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. Unite has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts. Ed Miliband has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader.
The Sydney Observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night. So much so, they're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. Adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse is set to begin at 8.45pm. Perth and Darwin may be lucky depending on the location of cloud bands. Cairns, Hobart and Melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions.
Francesca Weatherhead, 25, was killed when parolee John McCallum collided with her vehicle while fleeing police in Redford, Detroit. He was sentenced to 20-45 years in prison after striking a plea deal with prosecutors in which charges of home invasion and reckless driving causing death were dropped. Mrs Weatherhead had only months before married her college sweetheart Matthew and was putting her husband through medical school.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early February. The cause of the collision remains unknown. Brody's three daughters, Alexa, Danielle and Julia, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident. Alexa said that her mother was her best friend and that she would think of her every time she smiled.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was spared the maximum 25 years to life. Spears chronicled her son Garnett's illnesses on a personal blog called 'Garnett's Journey' and other social media. She was convicted by a jury in White Plains, New York, last month of second-degree murder in his 2014 death at Westchester Medical Center.
Hannah Campbell, 30, suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in Basra she was guarding in 2007. She was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered. Shrapnel damaged her abdomen, leading doctors to tell her shed never be able to have another child. She underwent a £52,500 makeover including a prosthetic leg, make-up which is tattooed on, Botox, gastric band weight loss treatment, a tummy tuck and hair extensions.
If anyone won this debate it was the women. Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people. Cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder. He made no mistakes but there were no surprises either. Clegg is a good speaker but his performance was vintage, ie a complete re-run of his 2010 routine.
Nicola Sturgeon hailed the shock winner of last nights TV debate according to one snap poll. In a nightmare for Labour, Miss Sturgeon was deemed well ahead  with Mr Miliband trailing David Cameron and Nigel Farage. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead. He also emerged with a clear lead on who is seen most capable of leading the country
More than 60 per cent of Americans admit to being ashamed of their own homes. General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments. Nearly a quarter of people surveyed (21 per cent) also admit to ending a date early rather than inviting their date back to their home.
Aidan's chest hair looks distinctly more unkempt in this photo shoot. BBC make-up department may have gone for a gentle pruning rather than offering up the full, shaven reveal. Fans have taken to Twitter to comment on the latest Poldark male grooming debate.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. The imaging works in both video and still photography, the company says. 'We predict hyperspectral imaging will play a major role in consumer electronics, the automotive industry, biotechnology, and homeland security,' it says.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular' He said that a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn.
Robert Dellinger, 54, told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV. The crash killed Amanda Murphy, 24, who was eight months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and to one count of assault for the fetus' death. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia on the 6th April for a four-week secondment. He will spend time in Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. On arrival, he will pay his respects at the Australian War Memorial. The 30-year-old will also tour the World War I and Afghanistan galleries. Harry has visited Australia twice before, most recently in 2013.
Purvi Patel, 33, of Granger, Indiana has been jailed after she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent. St Joseph Superior Court heard that Ms Patel attended St Joseph's Hospital in Mishawaka, Indiana on July 13, 2013 soon after giving birth. After arriving at the hospital, she denied that she had even been pregnant, even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her. She told the medical staff that she did not see the child breathing or moving and believed it to be dead. The court heard that Dr Kelly McGuire drove to the Super Target store and began
The 28 minute movie was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex. Locals were shocked to learn the location had been rented out by its bosses to American Adult film company Brazzers. Parents were quoted as saying they were disgusted and mortified by the decision to use the railway as the setting for the porn film.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans - and a series of serious warnings from health experts. The new menu contains five new food options - two 340-calorie cheesecake-filled donuts, one 380-Calorie loaded bagel, one 640-calory chicken-filled pretzel bun and a 'low fat' 210-cal calorie steak and cheese wrap.
The 'Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay' (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad, along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine. These 'brain-healthy foods' lowered the risk of Alzheimer's by 53 per cent in those who stuck to the diet rigidly. For those that followed it moderately well, it lowered risk by about 35 per cent. The MIND diet is a hybrid of the Mediterranean and DASH diets, both of which have been found to reduce risk of cardiovascular conditions.
Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked during the 0-0 draw at the Vicente Calderon and will not be present during the return at the Santiago Bernabeu. Neither player were happy with referee Milorad Mazic, both feeling that their challenges weren't strong enough to be punished with a card. Dani Carvajal could be given a suspension for punching Mario Mandzukic.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into a quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. But within a week of moving in, her dream home turned into a nightmare. Mark Ray, 56, had a penchant for watching TV with the volume turned up at all hours of the day. Unable to sleep because of the racket, Ms Jackson asked Mr Ray to turn it down. But she was met with a barrage of abuse that culminated in violent threats and stalking.
Bacall, one of Hollywood's great golden age actresses, died in August aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking New York's Central Park, which is currently on the market for $26 million. There were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale, which came to an end on Wednesday, and every single one of them found a buyer.
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas following the incident. The 51-year-old had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when the yellow taxi struck her in May last year. She has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received.
High school students in north east China's Jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch. Pictures of large groups of students sitting on the kerb eating their lunch have spread rapidly across Wechat, China's version of Whatsapp. Students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat, and it is so bad that at one point the canteen even closed down.
Paul Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. On Friday, U.S. District Judge Vernon Broderick told Facebook Inc. and owner Mark Zuckerberg they have until Monday to relinquish the information.
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems. They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas. After six months of rehabilitation, in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored, they were found a loving new home. Their new owners noticed a great bond between the dogs and always joked they were boyfriend and girlfriend. They decided to 'wed' their new pups in an effort to raise money for the organisation that helped save
Rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player. Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the Millers' 1-0 win against Brighton. The defender is on loan from Derby but was not involved in the defeat at Middlesbrough on Saturday. The case will be heard by a disciplinary panel who hope to rule on the matter before the end of the season.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from Baltimore to Maine in October to propose to his 30-year-old girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger when he got talking to a group of SouthWest employees. Touched by his story, they gave him a $100 voucher as a gift. The airline's latest ad campaign is wedding themed, with discounted flight for 'the wedding season'
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would pave the way for Tehran to build an atomic bomb. He said it would 'increase Irans aggression and terror throughout the Middle East and beyond' Obama has hailed the agreement struck after tortuous negotiations in Lausanne, Switzerland, as a 'historic understanding'
Callie Thorpe was listed on letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist. But online she describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger' Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband, she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett. Campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a Labour government. But plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 'working people' backing Mr Miliband included a benefit fraudster.
A man has allegedly crashed his car into a house full of people and attempted to set it on fire before stabbing a man to death. The 50-year-old driver will front court on Tuesday faced with a string of charges. Police say five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. The victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene. It is believed the pair were known to each other. The driver has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder.
Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets. He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed. Mao Zedong's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the 'Gang of Four' The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing.
Kathryn Beale, 41, prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. Whizzes it into smoothies or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. Mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placentas. Swindon Council is claiming that her services pose a danger to mothers. They are taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night. Kathy Mooney, a high school English Teacher from Roselle Park, questioned Christie's motivations behind a $225million legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil. 'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association told NJ.com.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES. Kadeem Brown, 25, and little Tierre Clark, 5, were hit by a taxi in the Bronx, New York on Friday evening. Mr Brown died at the scene, while the little girl died a short time later. Police say the driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, suffered a seizure moments before the crash. Garcia has since had his TLC license taken away but has not been not been charged with any crime.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of the Salahuddin provincial council, said the fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit. Militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes, shops and other buildings, and also looted clothing and toiletries from shops. They also admitted to intentionally burning houses in other recaptured areas.
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over. The Royal Horticultural Society is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to attract wildlife. The sight of a green garden is said to boost people's mood. The RHS has launched a three year 'greening grey Britain' campaign.
NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney. In the pictures, the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car. It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Charles Kane of Spencerport, New York was arrested Thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex. Kane, 46, is a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters. He posted a Craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship and showed up to meet her at a local theater. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson used Xytex Corp in 2006. They were told their donor had an IQ of 160 and was working on a PhD. He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker. But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles. He is said to have schizophrenia, has spent time in jail and dropped out of college.
Mohammad Liaqat launched into a 'racist tirade' at Mount Carmel School. The 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at the Lancashire school. He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children. After being arrested, he was told to stay away from the school, so went to another nearby school where he continued his rant. He was remanded in custody and will be sentenced in June.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, was arrested in Ormond Beach, Florida, Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars. While in jail, police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside. He was also charged with possession of marijuana and smuggling contraband into prison. The 27-year-old told police he was just having some fun and didn't know it was illegal.
A team of scientists and engineers from the Georgia Institute of Technology assembled the unmanned, underwater vehicle on Antarctica. Icefin was deployed (and retrieved) the vehicle through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor. Video captured by Icefin shows eerie footage of an active seafloor 500 meters under the Ross Ice Shelf.
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut, turned herself into police at 5pm on Tuesday. Her arrest came after the school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations and the Danbury Police Department's Special Victims Unit launched a seven-week investigation. She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year. Mooney is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February.
The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. The next one will be visible from Europe. Unlike solar eclipses which require eye protection, you only need clear skies to view this lunar eclipse.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five. In some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds. NHS is facing a shortage because many GPs are retiring early. Others are moving overseas in search of better conditions. UKIP leader Nigel Farage sparked controversy by claiming foreign GPs should not work for the NHS because they lack good English.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads. They worked together to build a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial. The model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging 'Conficker' worm.
Workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises last year. For workers aged 50 to 64, pay rises plunge to a meagre 1.2 per cent. In 2009, Britain's youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers, but this has now widened to nine times greater.
Jan Hansen made the egg using 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate over three days. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice.
New Milford officer Daniel DeMarco, of Lodi, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. DeMarco was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI. He is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday.
TSA got to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers at airport security last year. Over the past five years, airline passengers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes. According to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money  the TSA are allowed to keep it.
NRL head of football Todd Greenberg has vowed to issue Canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans. Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack.
Youtube user Joe Penna and animator Jeff Schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project. The short narrative features a robot entering a workshop, building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere. After encountering some trouble, he crash lands on a planet and is first greeted by a dog before he meets the love of his life.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. Rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world's population, but for many consumers, its origin remains somewhat of a mystery. According to the UN, farmers need at least 2,000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. But they say Labour  and some senior Lib Dems  appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. The letter, signed by the heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools, was backed by David Cameron.
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night at the fast food restaurant in Coolalinga near Darwin. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. NT Police Duty Superintendent Louise Jorgensen says officers were called to the McDonalds about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance' The men were taken to Royal Darwin Hospital for treatment.
Shameless Mike Holpin, 56, says he wants more children because it is 'God's will' He keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back. But former friends say he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women.
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left. 'I really enjoy myself, I party hard,' she admitted on the Channel 5 show OAPs Behaving Badly.
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate. MPs highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible. Now these pro-anorexia sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. However, when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Forty-nine precious stones followed.
Small businesses will be forced to close over the Easter long weekend. Many operators will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay that would allow young workers to earn around $50 an hour as a casual. The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns. The Too Big to Ignore campaign will allow small retailers and hospitality businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. From Marks and Spencer to Primark, theyre all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all 13 Ivy League schools. High school senior from Long Island, New York, is a straight A student with an SAT score of 2270. His parents moved from Nigeria to the U.S. when he was eight. He says his parents' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded.
The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto minibuses. The Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect. No reason was given for the release of the prisoners, which took place in Himera just southwest of Kirkuk, 180 miles north of Baghdad.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage.
Direct Assist, based in Bolton, Lancashire, told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim. Information Commissioner's Office and Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year. Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them.
Jamyra Gallmon, of Washington D.C., was arrested on Wednesday, according to police. She has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old David Messerschmitt. Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after Messerchmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45pm to tell her he would be home in an hour on February 9. The next day he was found dead after being stabbed in the back at his hotel room with 'various credit cards strewn about'
The Boston RunBase scheduled to open April 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world's most prestigious road race, run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history. It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. It comes as Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child. The workout queen is about about 15 weeks pregnant.
Australia's Civil Aviation Safety Authority has placed higher safety restrictions on Thai Airways. China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers. UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) reported to Thailand's Department of Civil Aviation that it found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety.
The Tidwell Middle School student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog on a writers website called Wattpad in August last year. There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, featuring stories titled 'Massacre', 'Thrown Under The Bus' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body' The children who were named eventually came across the blog and alerted their parents, who reported the incident. The
Calcium formations on Altamura Man suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Researchers have, up until now, held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton. The current project has been ongoing for six years with researchers taking a tiny part of shoulder bone and analysing it in the lab. If they manage to sequence the DNA, they hope it might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids.
Location in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire being used to radicalise Muslims. Those involved in such activities 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' in the community but 'have an ulterior motive', Detective Constable Gareth Jones said. Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998.
Donna Hussey, 32, has been branded a 'bad mum' by trolls over son Freddie's death. Three-year-old was crushed to death when trailer came loose from passing Land Rover. Mrs Hussey was helpless as trailer mounted pavement and crushed Freddie. Driver Tony Davies, 38, spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving. But Freddie's family slammed 'lenient' sentence and have started a petition.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift boat where he installed a dark room. He developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt, which he sailed along the Thames. His collection is the oldest documented record of Britain's best known landmarks, seen from the banks today. The pictures are to be sold as a collection at the Oxford Book Fair and are estimated to sell for around £30,000.
Nigel Farage has vowed he would stand down as leader if he fails to win seat. But MEP Diane James insists Ukip is 'not at all' a one-man band. She named MEP Patrick O'Flynn, MP Douglas Carswell and deputy chair Suzanne Evans as potential future leaders.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. At night, the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract insects. They ooze from the plants female organs where seeds are produced. Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research. While E.foeminea may be the first plant to respond to the lunar cycle, numerous animals are known to experience behaviour changes at different times during the cycle. For
Joseph Getty, 26, pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000, which he paid immediately. Westminster Magistrates' Court heard that Getty had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped while driving through Belgrave Square, near his west London home. His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio. He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog. In court documents, Santana admitted to strangling and stabbing the 23-year-old Disney World employee to death, and then having sex with her corpse. One of those messages read: 'I'm not sorry for what I did'
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head in front of stunned hotel guests at the M Resort in a suburb of Las Vegas on Easter Sunday. He sent a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal explaining his shocking public suicide. Included in the detailed package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse' Noble said he was going to kill himself because he lost his lifetime free pass to the casino's buffet for harassing female employees in 2013. According to a police report included by Noble, he was accused by an employee of the casino of stalking, which
Bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them, hitting out with batons, before dragging the screaming women away. As many as 1,800 workers at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile (CMT) factory went on strike last week about their pay, harsh treatment, food and concerns about a missing worker. 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the boat to take his mind off his recent divorce. The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables. Hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls, so the boat won't sink.
New EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured. The new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running. It means that Gross National Income will rise  pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target.
Julian Assange's father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for $1.42 million after a shaky start on the market. John Shipton's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 Kent Street, Newtown in Sydneys inner west, failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. However the founder of the Wikileaks Party managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on Wednesday. The property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant's quarters to a Victorian villa next door.
For nearly 40 years, physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. Now, one scientist says this may not be true. Dejan Stojkovic, an associate professor of physics at the University at Buffalo, says interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within.
The University of Sydney is running a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite school Scot's College. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning. Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. Minutes of a university Academic Board meeting show staff were worried over how the course was being advertised.
The Large Hadron Collider was shut down for two years for a £100million upgrade. The world's largest atom-smashing machine is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson - but scientists hope it will now unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe. Physicists are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the device's upgrade.
BMJ says Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as the current treatment, Lucentis. It is estimated that widespread use of the drug would save the NHS around £102million a year. But the BMJ says the drug company has consistently tried to undermine and divert attention from trials.
John Smith, 45, from Connah's Quay, North Wales, stage-managed several collisions in a £1m 'crash for cash' scam. The elaborate fraud allowed passengers on the bus, who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam, to falsely claim from insurers. The crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader Smith £159,000. Smith was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud. Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in organising the collisions, were all found guilty of conspiracy.
The South Australian senator's partner Sophie Allouache gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. Ms Wong, 46, shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning. The couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old Alexandra.
The 5,300-ton HMS Talent limped back to port with a huge dent. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident. Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash. But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck floating ice rather than a Russian sub.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year. He was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams. His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, have praised medical staff for taking care of their son. He developed pneumonia, suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections. A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby was allowed to touch his mother for the first time, 10 days after his birth.
Planning application submitted for David Beckham's home shows plans for a 'cinema room' George Clooney, who has recently purchased a £10million manor house with his barrister wife Amal, is also building a home cinema. Robbie Williams lives in a 46-room house that was previously owned by the late film director Michael Winner.
Winchester Council said its annual clean-up of roads had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules. But the HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were over-interpreting legislation. Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and the Highways Agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland. The 42-year-old is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. Mr Lines, from Northern Ireland, said 'life's problems evaporate' when he is climbing. But he admitted there had been times he had fallen and had'really close calls'
Managers from the London Ambulance Service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. It is the latest example of how the NHS is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in Britain. Hospital managers have been flying out to Spain and Portugal to hire batches of 30 nurses at a time.
Nicola Sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in Scotland because they dont live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country. She issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the State pension, which would cost billions of pounds more.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has slammed the Iran nuclear deal. He said in a televised statement just hours after the agreement was signed on Thursday: 'A deal based on this framework would threaten the survival of Israel' The preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping sanctions.
Detective Patrick Cherry was stripped of his shield and gun following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on YouTube. Cherry appears on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I sincerely apologize.' He adds: 'People shouldnt be treated that way. I let my emotions get the better of me and I was angry'
Some 35,000 gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities. Pop band Fifth Harmony and duo MKTO brought music to the event, and Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage. This comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon during a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2. On Monday, another highlight of the day's festivities was Mr Obama's annual reading of his favorite childhood book Where the Wild Things Are.
Residents of Celoron, N.Y., say a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is'monstrous' The statue is based on a famous moment from Ball's show 'I Love Lucy,' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. The move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands. As a result, a price war over the cost of milk is likely to break out, bringing down the price for consumers. British farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down.
It appears nowadays that it is not an official holiday until you've uploaded your pictures to Instagram. From the food you ate for dinner, to the bags you lovingly packed for the plane, every detail of our 'luxurious' travels can be documented for social media feeds. But sometimes we are guilty of not showing the entire story, and the truth can paint a whole other picture.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age. Marysia is a swimwear brand started by former ballet dancer/surfer. Celebrities including Halle Berry, Gwen Stefani, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all have figures that wouldn't look out of place on a 25 year old.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in, killing two guards. Pictures posted online show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in the city of Mukalla.
Tampons absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper, laundry detergents and shampoos, which glow under UV light. This means they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. The technique was trialled in the field by suspending tampons for three days in sixteen surface water outlets running into streams and rivers in Sheffield. The scientists found that nine of the tampons glowed, confirming the presence of optical brighteners - and therefore sewage pollution.
The men's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping Russia. It comes ahead of a giant military parade in Red Square on May 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of end of the Second World War. The design bureau of the Russian Defence Ministry showcased balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans 'Army', 'Polite', and 'Politeness conquests the cities'
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while enjoying lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday. The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth. This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Ian Walters, 51, allegedly killed his wife Tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a tree at 84mph. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of the pick-up truck as it crashed into a line of trees near Markfield, Leicestershire. Prosecutors allege that Walters, a driving test examiner, deliberately steered his Mitsubishi L200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce and made allegations of domestic abuse.
Police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday on the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity. University administrators and the police are now carrying out an investigation. Students took to social media sites to discuss the issue, with many believing it was racially motivated.
The Boy Scouts' New York chapter said Thursday that it has hired the nation's first openly gay Eagle Scout as a summer camp leader. Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. Tessier achieved scouting's highest rank last year after being one of the most prominent openly gay scouts speaking out to change the ban.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country. Four flights bound for Dubai International Airport had to be diverted to nearby airports. A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the sandstorm. Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
The man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz last Friday. He handed the cashier a note demanding money and made off with cash. His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. By Tuesday afternoon, her father, Tim Small, had contacted the Broad Run High School to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away. The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but no cause has yet been given.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise. Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished.
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. She hasn't even finished high school, but President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis. The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Brown, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
Drug was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca. It was originally intended to treat certain types of tumour, but proved ineffective. Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease. Researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy of the drug in Alzheimer's patients.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought he would be
The gnome was signed by all four members of the Beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture. The final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - the equivalent of £50,000 today.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend. Police say the man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. The 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries. In a separate incident, early on Good Friday, another security guard was stabbed in Melbourne.
Builders in Turkey have accidentally found one of the largest and most complex underground cities in the otherworldly region of Cappadocia. The area is famous for its stunning rock formations, deep valleys and ancient subterranean hideouts, which have been carved from volcanic ash rock. The latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in the region, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. The multilevel settlement is likely to include living spaces, kitchens, wineries, chapels, staircases.
Lauren Crawley, 54, a housewife from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again. Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it. Around 100,000 people in Britain have facial palsy, which can be caused by a stroke or traumatic injury.
Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year. She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride. Ms Prince is claiming $23,050 in general damages and $193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future. However, she is suing for up to $292,000.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy. Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries. James cannot speak, dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints. The mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects. She simply googled pictures of bunnies, picking one she liked best and replicating the image on her face.
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. She is able to sit but cannot walk, and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around. She also has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe. Nathaly's caregivers said she became obsessed with Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball after her teenage roommate played the track.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with the hammer. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since 2007. Williams' brother had smeared mud all over the victim's front bay windows. When the victim went to confront him, they got into a fight. Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court.
Masked gang of four tried to hack into an ATM outside a Waitrose supermarket in Kenilworth in Warwickshire. They spent eight minutes trying to access the vault before speeding off in a stolen Audi RS7 at 3.20am on September 29 last year. The thieves were caught after a police helicopter followed them as they tore up the northbound carriageway of the M42 in the stolen car. They were then tracked to a block of flats in Tamworth in Staffordshire. Gang members Mark Kirk, 34, Pedro Taylor, 30, and Jason Hadley, 27, were then found hiding in
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, was arrested after he burst into a post office. He was wielding an axe and demanding cash, as an accomplice stood at the door. But he was foiled after shopkeeper Sab Dhillon rugby tackled him to the floor. His wife then appeared clutching her son's baseball bat to subdue him. McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his crimes. He committed his first offence at the age of 11 and in the next five years went on to commit 1,000 crimes.
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee and her parents. He is also said to have killed his own parents, brother and sister-in-law. Saeed has been on the run ever since and is now believed to be in Pashtun area. Police are not allowed to go to the area as it is beyond their jurisdiction.
Charles Terreni Jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died, an autopsy has found. He was found at the Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, not far from campus, around 10:30am on March 18. Neighbors said the house threw a party the night before, and noted the leftover keg Wednesday morning. The death is still under investigation.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, appeared on This Morning with daughter Aimee, 19. Mother-of-five was handcuffed in front of her daughter when she was just 12. Cleveland Police accused her of child neglect after being called to her former partner's home over an unpaid tax bill. Detective Sergeant Colin Helyer 'lied' to local authority child abuse investigation to justify arresting the mother of five. Mrs Cadman Khan launched wrongful arrest suit and has won her case.
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online. The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films. Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood.
Two Ryanair planes collided as they taxied to a runway at Dublin Airport. Passengers escaped injury, but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers. Photos show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane. It's the second time in six months two planes have collided at Ireland's busiest airport.
Scientists used UV light to reveal tiny traces of pigment left in the shell and the patterns they once had. Exposing them to ultraviolet light causes any remaining organic matter in the shells - like pigment - to fluoresce. The scientists now believe the cone snail shells, which come from the northern Dominican Republic, include 13 new species.
British scientists have discovered an Achilles heel in prostate cancer which could lead to better treatments. The disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the UK, with most deaths occurring after it spreads around the body. The latest study gets to the root of this spread, and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness. Scientists funded by Cancer Research UK studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around theBody in ten affected men. Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets reveal how he planned to'relish the chance to show who I am' In handwritten notes, Mr Miliband appears to exhort himself to use the people at home Embarrassingly for the Labour leader, the ten pages of notes were apparently left behind in the Salford ITV studios.
Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts Drake and Avicii. Others were quick to make fun of Future festival goers, blaming'shirtless f***wits' for ruining the festival and joking that 'gym memberships and ecstasy dealers' would be hardest hit. The decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the major cities in the country.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108. It boasts 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, a private grand foyer and glass elevator. More than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since Australia 108 went on the market in February. The apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass to give swimmers a view of either the glittering city skyline or shimmering bay.
The letters were written in Spanish between August 1946 and November 1949 and saved by Jose until his death in 1995. The archive of passionate messages, which comprise more than 100 pages, were passed down through different generations his family until they reached the current owner. The collection also includes an original drawing of a sleeping cat, pressed flowers, ribbon, beads and drafts of a few of Jose's responses.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter, 10, last June near Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City when a car cut in front of him. He then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car's license plate number, he was mowed down by the car, and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the New York Police Department named Robert Muller. When he returned to his car however, police arrived on the scene and arrested him for menacing behavior, harassment and cracking Muller's windshield
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police she was groped by Harvey Weinstein last Friday. But she did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days, it has been claimed. It is claimed she and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case. Her former lawyer, Mark Jay Heller, withdrew from the case as he was concerned Battilanna did not appear to be a'serious victim'
Luo Kun Kun contracted HIV from his mother when she was pregnant. He was only diagnosed when he was five years old. The boy was raised near the town of Xichong with his non-blood-related grandparents, who had adopted his stepfather as a child. When he was diagnosed, his grandparents found themselves isolated in their village of Shufangya in south-eastern China's Sichuan province. 203 village residents signed a petition asking the authorities to 'carry out preventative isolation measures by taking Kun Kun away from the village' It went on to say that Kun Kun 'provokes fear among the
Woman's body was found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire. A 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail. Post-mortem examination failed to establish a cause of death and results of further tests will be known 'for some time'
Joe Sullivan, 46, will leave his role as Facebook's security chief to help Uber defend safety concerns. The $40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers. Lawsuits have been brought against Uber in San Francisco and Los Angeles. A New Delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in December. This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home. And in London, a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver.
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. The 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence. It was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Altrincham, Cheshire. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Passengers on new Virgin 787 Dreamliner routes will be able to take a selfie and share it on Facebook, with specially-selected cabin shots. The #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's Dreamliner 787 routes. Other key features include full-length mirrors in the bathroom, and special mood lighting.
Mark Jones is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones. The youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital. Jones, 45, of Cwmbran, denies murder at Newport Crown Court. His defence is he dropped Amelia on two separate nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after suddenly fainting.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council. Couple, from Ward End, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002. But three years later she claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord. She even claimed single occupancy discount on her council tax payments, court told.
The F-35 Lightning II jet's $400,000 helmet gives the pilot a 360 degree view around their aircraft and even allows them to see through its frame. All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - is projected straight onto the helmet's visor. Earlier versions of the helmet did not deal well with turbulence and there was a delay in the state-of-the-art video system which caused motion sickness. The jet is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code.
Allie Davis, 21, based in Minneapolis, delivered ten-question document to boyfriend. Told him he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship' He passed with a score of 80 per cent, for answering questions mainly about Beyonce's songs. Allie also dropped in a few questions about some of her other popstars, One Direction included.
29-year-old Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday. It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below. Mr Saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. He was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working on and off in Sydney in recent years.
Tracy Morgan was seen out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven in New Jersey on Monday. It comes almost one year after he was first hospitalized following a tragic accident which claimed the life of his friend James McNair and injured three others. Morgan suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident.
'marine photic zone euxinia' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans. This happens when sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. The study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos. Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised. Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of an organized attack. 'I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard...' he said trailing off as Ramos interrupted him with another question.
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. She called the Osceola County Sheriffs Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan. Authorities say she has a history of mental instability and has come to authorities' attention four times in the last three months.
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, has claimed the Hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. She called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him. She also convinced him to meet him at a restaurant and the NYPD were also there to watch that meeting, according to reports. It is not clear if he knew he was being monitored but following the call and the meeting at the restaurant at the Tribeca Grand Hotel, Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday. He has promised full cooperation with the probe.
Alexander Bradley appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday for Justice Susan Garsh to decide what he could testify to in front of a jury in the Aaron Hernandez murder trial. Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot him in the eye. He will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel. But the judge blocked Bradley from testifying that Hernandez was 'unreasonably suspicious' and would not allow Bradley to use iPhones around him. This as the prosecution is expected to rest their case tomorrow. Meanwhile,
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, faces being struck off the medical register. He is accused of punching a patient in the head in an 'extraordinary' attempt to correct a fracture caused by an industrial accident. He claimed he had simply digitally manipulated the patients face as part of hospital treatment, but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him.
Owl spotted creeping along a tree branch before tugging at his brother's wing. The little owl's sibling rivalry then gets the better of him, as he swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war. The scene was photographed from just six metres away by Dean Mason who hid away in a camouflaged shelter, known as a hide.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment. Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan. Service members with a dishonorable discharge were about twice as likely to commit suicide as those who had an honorable separation.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby were'surviving' following son's death. Chris Kyle and friend Chad Littlefield were shot dead at gun range in 2013. Eddie Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison. Mr Kyle attended the trial, but said it was difficult to be in the same room with his son's killer. He also spoke about how he copes with criticism at his son as the American military's most deadly sniper.
A six-month-old kitten was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. The cat had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east Sydney, last month. It was taken in by a vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media. Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries. And now he is on the hunt for a new home.
Priest sacked from religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted church. Alleged dossier contained alleged evidence of sex with prostitutes, role play and explicit web chats. Priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played Judas Escariot, and had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. The girl, who has not been identified because she is a minor, told police that XionG was her 'boyfriend' and that they got into a physical argument over the prospect of marriage on Saturday night. In traditional Hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl's family to wed her. If that method fails, there is a tradition of 'bride-napping' in Hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police in Norfolk to give'more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old college student Anjelica Hadsell. The Longwood University student was home for spring break when she vanished. Police just this past week focused their search on a pond near Carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface. Meanwhile, the family says they've been left in the dark about how, exactly, police were led to the pond in the first place. And Hadsell's stepfather has found himself the focus of area
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared at Downing Centre Court for his indecent assault hearing on Tuesday. NSW police say Hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign at Enmore Theatre, in Sydney's inner-west, on Australia Day this year. Charges were laid against Hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the Australia Day rap concert.
Bodies of four people, including two young boys under the age of ten, were discovered in a home in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect. The bodies may have been in the house for 'as many as two days', police said.
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now its disappeared from around 80 per cent. Small populations remaining in Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia. Predators like feral cats and foxes are the biggest threat to the bilby populations. In the mean time, the Save the Bilby Fund have developed a captive breeding program.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London in 1959. The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign. But the former prime minister, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs.
The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset. It is a joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. Poundbury is Prince Charles' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a utopian idyll.
Gary Ross Dahl, the creator of the wildly popular and bizarre 1970s fad the Pet Rock, has died aged 78 in southern Oregon. His wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks, which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975, came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet.
PC Mark Bird was attending a routine traffic accident in Welling, Kent. PC Robert Wilson was also on the scene when they spotted Michael Olsen. Olsen had abandoned his car in the middle of the road after a crash. PC Bird challenged him but he turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head. Olsen threatened: 'If you come any closer I will blow your effing head off' PC Bird lunged at Olsen to save his colleague but was shot in the hand. Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was jailed for 12 years.
Sean McCabe was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma in 2013. He was told he had just two months to live and planned his own funeral. The father-of-three even wrote a letter to his children to be read to them after his death. But after making a remarkable recovery he was told his cancer is in remission. He has now rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee Lisa Williams.
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed anti-Islam protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song - like many of his others - was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups.
Rilwan Oshodi bought Karen Budow's bank account details for just £3,200. His girlfriend then posed as victim and withdrew her £1million life savings. They then spent the money in a three-day shopping splurge in New Year sales. Oshodi spent £1,134 on taxis and bought expensive gadgets including a MacBook and an iPhone. He was jailed for eight years in 2013 after being convicted of conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property. But this year he was ordered to repay just £686 out of £74,000 profit he made from the scam.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003. She describes him as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic. During the three years she was with Castro, he would kidnap Michelle Knight and 17-year-old Amanda Berry. A few months after breaking up, he kidnapped his third victim Gina DeJuses. Castro committed suicide in prison a month after his sentencing.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in four-way crash in Malibu, California. She was driving a white Lexus, which was rear-ended by Bruce Jenner's Cadillac Escalade. Close friends of Mrs Howe have told TMZ she had 'virtually no relationship' with either of her late husband's children, neither of whom live in California. However, her stepchildren are said to have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against Mr Jenner.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. Police were at the scene when he looped back. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Rosie, 27, models new range for Autograph at M&S. Full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints. Says she was inspired by all things oriental and she also incorporated the vintage glamour trend she does so well each season. Follows a strict clean and lean diet.
Gertrude Weaver, the world's oldest person, died at 116 on Monday in Camden, Arkansas. She passed away from complications due to pneumonia. Weaver inherited the title last Wednesday, after the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan, according to the Gerontology Research Group. Jeralean Talley, 115, of Detroit, is now the oldest person in the world.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police after visiting a New Hampshire ice cream stand in full uniform. The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police and often posed dressed up as an officer. The jacket he wore to the stand on Wednesday allegedly included police patches. A customer of the store, King Kone in Merrimack, said the costume was likely an April Fools' Day prank.
Apryl Foster was last seen on February 12 leaving a bar alone in Ybor City after a night of partying, having finished work at 11pm. After a widespread search, the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in Brandon, just a few blocks from her house. According to the autopsy, the medical examiner measured Foster's blood alcohol level at 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, as well as THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Foster's family believe she drove into the wrong Brandon subdivision, then through a gated area to a boat ramp and down
Singer-songwriter, 22, has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free, low-carb and low sugar diet. The chubby, suit-wearing soul singer has gone and been replaced with a new body confident Sam. He has been named Vogue's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star, posting pictures of his outfits each day.
Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo. A product description states that the 5.5in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are'movable'
Supermarket beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win Britain's Best Breakfast. Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at all competing venues nationwide to name Morrisons the winner. It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards (MIDAS) for its value for money, food quality and customer satisfaction. Last year the award went to Intercontinental Hotels.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol, a survey found. Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out, compared to a fifth of the general population. 35% of 18-24-year-olds said they had got so drunk they could not remember most of their night out. One in 20 admitted to driving themselves home drunk and one in ten said they have got in a car with someone who they knew was intoxicated.
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. Nearly all of the offenders who Obama granted clemency to were convicted of dealing addictive, hard drugs like crack cocaine, methamphetamine and heroin. Effort aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing.
Iain Mackay, 40, from Stornoway, Scotland, bled to death in Hua Hin. He is believed to have argued with his Thai girlfriend moments before his death. Mr Mackay is also understood to have clashed with a man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. The national average income is $52,250. Mississippi is the lowest paid, followed by Arkansas, West Virginia, Alabama and Kentucky. New York - home to the financial capital of the United States, New York City - falls 17th in the table.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those who have undergone - or are undergoing - sex change operations or cross-dressers. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin. The curriculum includes lessons on how to walk gracefully in heels, how to speak like a lady and how to dress according to body shape.
Kansai International Airport has never lost a piece of luggage since 1994. Staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards. This makes it easier for travellers to collect their luggage. Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage, seven are located in Asia.
Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message. It will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until 'acknowledged' by his wife Ellanora Baidoo. The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked the 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with her husband. She bought the £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy. Mrs Bacon contacted the budget airline to delay her trip after discovering she needed the potentially life-saving treatment. She received an email asking her to pay £176 to switch her flights. EasyJet has since apologised and said it will be refunding the additional cost.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. He was allegedly using the registration number of a female nurse who had handed it back a few years ago. The man was receiving a $100,000 annual salary and accommodation from Queensland Health in the six weeks he was at the hospital.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta. Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. Also arrested was Hanung Pekik Hermantoro, 25, a driver for The Green Room Villas where the Queensland painter was staying. Prosecutor Deni Iswanto on Thursday finalised the charges against the men, pushing for Langan to face a maximum 12 years jail.
System would allow machines to download personalities in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user. The patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year. One in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort. Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events staged by the PBR are watched by up to half a billion people around the world each year.
The festival marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday. Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation. In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition. Impressive effigies to Jesus Christ were erected in the Philippines, Belarus and in Venezuela.
The 44-year-old comedian is a part of Levo League's new Ask4More campaign, which encourages women to request the salaries that they deserve. On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men. Sarah recalls a time when she was paid $10 to do a stand-up routine, when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60.
On Saturday, Rosetta swooped to within just 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P. During this close flyby, the probe was able to capture a stunning four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail. The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi, the comets neck region littered with boulders. In the same frame, details in the cliffs of Hathor can be seen, leading up to the head of the small lobe.
Extremist group's first English bulletin aired on Tuesday on its al-Bayan network. Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent. It provides an overview of the militants activities in Iraq, Syria and Libya. Also boasts of ISIS fighters 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents, car bombs killing people and destroying 'idol'
The New Jersey native bought the SoHo pad in 2007 for $24million, so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit. The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens. Floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city, and 11-ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light.
Taxpayers footed a £135,000 bill to move 50 protected water voles. The bill is nearly six times the original estimate, it was revealed today. In January and February 2014 residents on the Levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks. But the Environment Agency says it has a legal duty under EU-backed regulations to protect the creatures as an endangered species.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, harassed pensioners with dementia in the street, demanding money. They followed their elderly victims home from the Post Office, before jumping out of a car and demanding cash for repairs they hadn't done. Most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old man. In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012 - when pensioners were still able to withdraw cash from their local Post Office. Albert Webb, from Surrey, was jailed for three
Nelson Williams Sr. of Kankakee, Illinois, says he is worried that 23-year-old Kamron Taylor, the man convicted of his son Nelson Jr's murder, might attack him. 'As I go home every night, I figure he might ambush me like he did my son,' he said. In a courthouse outburst in February, Taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict. He was convicted of first-degree murder in February in the June 2013 death of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, notoriously flashed her K-cup breasts on Google Street View. The 38-year-old was reported by police with disorderly behaviour. She handed herself into police voluntarily. South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary. Ms Davis, who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday, has hit back at the controversy caused by her actions.
Labour leader has finally confessed that he is a geek who spent his childhood obsessing over computer games. He said he cried when he and his wife Justine watched a DVD of the 2014 movie Pride starring Bill Nighy and Imelda Staunton. Mr Miliband said that as a 12-year-old he had a big passion for the 1983 video game Manic Miner, which he played using his ZX Spectrum computer linked to a TV.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. He suffered five cardiac arrests, two emergency bowel operations and was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days. He was diagnosed with necrotising enterocolitis, a serious illness in which tissues in the intestine (gut) become inflamed and start to die. This can lead to a hole developing which allows the contents of the intestine to leak into the abdomen. His parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live. But Benjamin battled on and has defied medics
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders as members of the 1 per cent Lord Prescott suggested signatories were tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms Business spokesman Chuka Umunna suggested former Diageo boss Paul Walsh should no longer take over as head of the CBI.
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday. The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. Wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall.
A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat. The five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent Tanzania Origin chocolate, contains a staggering 548,000 calories... and has two solitaire diamonds for eyes. According to new research conducted by Colgate, Australian families will consumer 124.3million Easter treats this year over the holiday period.
Two long-time friends and their four sons traveled from Montreal, Quebec to Corbin, Kentucky to eat at the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken. Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states. For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, a mother of two from Ocala, was taken into custody Tuesday after her youngest child, 3-month-old Taliya Richardson, was discovered unresponsive at home last Thursday. Evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head. But Evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children, ages 9 and three months, and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with
The 'euthanasia' of strays was legalised by the Romanian parliament in September 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation. But a group of former models called the K-9 Angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed. The Angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented. They have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the UK and spayed over 2,500 dogs. Charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on Romania's streets.
Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have created an algorithm that can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad. It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested. The team is also working on smartphone apps that could be used to gather the same kind of data from mobile devices.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds, 24, regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her Mealspiration blog before she started her business, Sweets and Sweat. Her gourmet recipes caught the eye of Ashy Bines, a Gold Coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer, in 2012. Ms Dodds said Ms Bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her Facebook fan base and she agreed. But she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her Salmon and Cauliflower Sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of Ms Bine's Clean Eating Recipe Book. Ms B
Olivia Palermo, 28, has teamed up with Aspinal of London to design a tote. The Marylebone TechTote costs £995 and comes with a built-in phone charger. All profits from the sale of the tote will go to charity ADCAM.
Ford, 45, was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor. He has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation, which has shrunk his tumor significantly, he said. Four surgeons will carry out the eight- to ten-hour operation on May 11, and he will remain in hospital for 10 to 14 days. He hopes to return to work as a councilor in September. 'I'm just lucky to be alive today and I'm
TOWIE star met Ukip leader Nigel Farage in Grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election. Essex told reporters the Ukip leader is a'really, really reem guy' Mr Farage quipped: 'I think that's good... I'm not sure' Essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties for his ITV2 mini-series Educating Joey Essex.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with high-risk Hodgkin lymphoma in September. She and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them. The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the teen. The Connecticut Supreme Court then ruled against Cassandra's claim that she was mature enough to make her own medical decisions. After she was declared by doctors to be in remission in March, her lawyer Joshua Michtom and attorneys for her mother appealed at a closed-door court hearing. The judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered
The city of Golmud, in the country's north west Qinghai Province, succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm. The sandstorm was the fourth to hit the area this year as authorities struggle to deal with the natural hazards. China's Meteorlogical Centre issued a blue alert as the sandstorms swept across the north of the country.
A handwritten note left by passenger 'Bethanie' to the pilot has gone viral. The heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot Jai Dillon. He wrote on Twitter: 'A letter given to a colleague from a passenger onboard his aircraft.. Providing proof that we're all in this together' The photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times.
Sherrell Dillion has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour final. But the single mother-of-two now says she is technically homeless. She says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. Sherrell starred on Benefits Street alongside White Dee and she says she feels happiness for her co-star.
The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista. National Trust manager Paul Boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners with the aim of improving it. He said: 'We want to ensure that we provide Gower with a first-class car park for a first class destination'
Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, had mascot Ollie the Owl snatched from the lounge area of the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham. He thought the £7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on March 6 demanding a donation to charity for its safe return. Pictures posted on the 'Oliver Howel' Facebook page show the owl sunbathing on a beach towel with an iPod and even taking a ride on the back of a camel.
Ethel Rider, 87, fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe. Her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed. Because she is mute, Mrs Rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened. It was only 24 hours later that a nurse realised she was in agonising pain. Susan Logan, 59, and Lauren Gillies, 25, have been jailed for six months each.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis - meaning the two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. In September last year Ava underwent the operation, which involved making an incision from ear to ear and removing her whole skull. The complex operation took nine hours, and Ava was in a lot of pain in the days that followed.
Archivists at confectionery giant Nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s. The collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. The tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder and his brother Jean, 17, was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of Miami drug dealers. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in Miami. The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates. Gunfire broke out soon after they entered, and Jean and Joshua Wright were killed
The Girl In The Spider's Web will be published worldwide on August 27. It will be the fourth installment in the Millennium crime trilogy by Stieg Larsson. Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50. Publisher Norstedts revealed that it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, was appearing on Spanish version of The Voice. Belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. Audience whooped with delight as judges sat wide-eyed in amazement. Father Montes claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old. But he turned to the church first as he wanted to'make sense of life'
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State, according to research by the United Nations. The number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and March 2015 after IS gained significant territory. Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
Promise Tamang has turned herself into Maleficent in a new YouTube tutorial. The mother-of-six has previously transformed herself into Disney princesses. In the four minute video she talks her viewers through the steps that she took to get her look. She uses many products from Mac's Malficent collection including the eye shadows and eyelashes.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good nights sleep. On average, we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours. Synthetic fillings are the most popular type of pillows in the UK, because they are cheap. The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows.
A Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease. For instance, heaths and meadows near Milton Keynes now boast more species of bee than sites in more rural areas.
Mark Dawe is head of the Oxford, Cambridge and RSA Examinations board (OCR) He said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine during tests - and compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam. He said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway  and teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them. Today Chris McGovern, chairman of the Campaign for Real Education, said idea would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards'
Tom Ballard plans to climb K2, 20 years after his mother died descending from its peak. Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on her descent from the Himalayan mountain in 1995. Now her son Mr Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer K2 himself.
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband after he had a vasectomy. She bed 12 strangers in as many months and has now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its very messy fallout. Of her 12 partners, most are younger and two are women, one of whom agrees to a threesome.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was first diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor back in October 2014. The eight-year-old underwent two initial brain surgeries to help drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor. Lota later went to see doctors for his three month check-up and was given devastating news: the tumor that they originally believed to be benign had grown aggressively. A subsequent biopsy lead to a new diagnosis - Lota has a Non-Germinomatous Germ-cell tumor, a malignant form ofbrain tumor.
Roma gang accused of selling a newborn to a childless couple for £6,500. Four men and women appeared in a Marseille court today, accused of human trafficking and being involved in several similar 'baby sales' At the centre of the scandal was Ilie Ionita, a 35-year-old Romanian, and co-conspirators Valeriu Rosu, 42, Florian Stan, 33, and Florin Coman 25.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force. The royal's down under tour will see him serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises. The prince will also time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. When he was finally accepted to St. Louis University School of Medicine, he used the acceptance to claim he was only granted admission because he was black and used the situation as an example of what was 'wrong' with affirmative action. 'I got into medical school because I said I was black. The
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. Residents and toursists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours. It is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main Philippine island of Luzon.
Kim, 27, was spotted working on her wedding tan in Key Biscayne, Florida. She watched fiance Andy Murray's match against South Africa's Kevin Anderson. The couple announced their engagement in November after nine years together. Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11. The 300-seat, 12th century cathedral is much bigger than Cromlix House.
Shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function with his two sons on a motorbike when it grazed a car near Turkman Gate in Daryaganj. The driver of the i20 car, identified as Shadab, got into a verbal spat with Shahnawazer. Shadab and Khalid Amin, another occupant of the car, started thrashing Shahnwaz with iron rods. Atif Lala, Mohammed Wasim, and another unidentified person got out and joined them. When no one came to their fathers rescue, the hapless children ran to the cops,
Justus Howell, 17, died when officers fired one bullet into his heart and another through his shoulder. Police responding to news of 'an argument' at 2pm had chased Justus down the street before opening fire, according to a spokesman for Zion Police. The high school senior, who had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February, was pronounced dead at the scene.
Experts in America found more than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis. Research carried out by scientists at Texas Tech University showed how those who did follow that path would only have £63,000 today. It comes just days before retirees in Britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings.
Triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, from London, nearly died in a car crash. She and business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, decided to give up normal clothes for Lent to raise money for London's Air Ambulance Service. The pair dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent. The two women rated buskers in Trafalgar Square while dressed as Simon Cowell.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs. First Lady Michelle Obama is called a tribeswoman. All three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Northern Lights in all their glory. Griffo, 42, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland where they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle.
It is believed the man, from Brent, northwest London, works in the military's post office, where he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post, after the MoD considered suspending him, a source has said. It is not clear where or at what level he worked.
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election. Experts said a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets, analysts warned.
Vessel has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. It is used to measure underwater acoustics as well as water temperature. It can be also used for oceanography, meteorology and marine mammal observation. The vessel can accommodate five crew and up to eleven researchers for up to 30 days.
Lishan Wang was charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010. He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. A new evaluation was ruled after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation. In a court report submitted last month, mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers.
The egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon, or booster, to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apples iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF) This lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network. However, there are limits to how far a message can travel - at around 200ft (61 metres) - and Greenstone has been designed to solve this.
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland, the representative of her husband's estate, is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. The figure represents $1 million for each of the 51 additional years that John Bieniewski, 44, could have lived, according to the lawsuit in Wayne County court. Saad was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app. Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button. Each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached. If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call. The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions. RapidSOS will begin testing the
Mark Donaldson is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers, one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross. Corporal Donaldson VC revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite Special Air Services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord who had boasted that he intended to kill Prince Harry. Donaldson was awarded the VC for his actions in September 2008, when, despite being advised not to go and help, Donaldson ran 80 metres to rescue a wounded interpreter. The fourth in line to the throne will fulfill one of his dreams by embed
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. Called 'Uploader for Instagram', it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone. An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. The email asked Benn to 'fix' the app by Monday, but Benn said doing this would make the app would be pointless.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Peter Tarsey and his wife, Jean, both 77, were found shot dead on Sunday. Couple were locked in each other's arms under a raincoat on a sofa. Friend, Ann, said: 'I'm still in a state of shock. What we found was like something out of your worst nightmare' Mr Tarsey was shot in the back of the neck while Mrs Tarsey's was in the neck.
The fire started in the Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville in San Bernardino County, California. Park officials started the controlled blaze on Tuesday but it soon spread. At its height more than 70 acres of land was ablaze threatening several homes. One shed and one car were destroyed in the blaze which needed 200 firefighters, four aircraft and a and a pair of bulldozers to counter the flames.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe. He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by. But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away' in front of his Labradors Lexi and Nancy. Thankfully 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alans back, dislodging the onion and saving her owner's life.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies. The group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills. Retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes, 69, who helped expose her colleague Aldrich Ames as a Russian double agent, says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like State of Affairs and Homeland. 'I wish they wouldnt use centerfold models in tight clothes. We don
Seth Casteel's new book, Underwater Babies, will be released on 7th April. He photographed 750 babies in swimming classes across ten states. The children are being taught to'self-rescue' in which they hold their breath underwater, kick their feet, turn over to float on their backs and rest until help arrives.
Mike Holpin, 56, from Monmouthshire, has 40 children by 20 women. He says 16 of his children have been taken into care by social services. The unemployed alcoholic has three £450 PS4 consoles in his council house. He claims he has received up to £27,000 a year in benefits, totalling £675,000.
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. The toddler was in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor when he was rushed to Gosford Hospital by paramedics, before being airlifted to Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital. Dr Barry Wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the Darcy suffered came from a paddle board, as the boy's mother Tara Rae-Maxwell had previously claimed.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style. The book was compiled by Enrico Quinto and Paolo Tinarelli - the two men who  were the first to introduce the concept of vintage style in Italy.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay. Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. The man, of no fixed address, was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow.
Police removed the body, believed to be that of Anna Ragin, from the property in the Richmond area of San Francisco. Authorities said the home was covered in debris, including dog feces and bottles of urine. Residents said the woman had not been seen in years while police described it as the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes. The community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections.
Ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today. Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in run-up to election. He said key campaign issues like EU membership are now 'back in play' Mr Farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind the Tories in Thanet South, Kent.
Cleveland officer Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. A rookie cop told the same investigators that the 31-year-old Cleveland officer talked about it in the days after the November 2012 shooting. Investigators from the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation found footprints on the. hood of the Malibu that matched a set
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday. The pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. Greece has not received bailout funds since Syriza took power in January. Propped up by some £175billion of aid from Europe and the IMF since 2010.
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. The Alma telescope in Chile was able to capture the effect in the highest resolution images ever taken by the observatory. The striking circular-like structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show. Jamie refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests. He then admitted to having sex with one of Dawn's friends while she took their dog for a walk. But Dawn then revealed that she had also had a fling with someone else.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was forced into a car outside a Caboolture home, north of Brisbane just after 6am on Tuesday. Detectives are desperately searching for the teen and Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend. Police have found the car and are urging the public to call 000 if they see the pair.
Scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago. Much of it, they believe, still involved cavemen grunting, or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing, before learning to speak in a detailed way. Shigeru Miyagawa, Professor of Linguistics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has a different theory about what created human language. He says humans combined an 'expressive' layer of language with a 'lexical' layer, as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds, such as alarm calls. The 'integration hypothesis' suggests
Kevin Blandford's holiday snaps have gone viral on the internet. Each one shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife. The 33-year-old, from Louisville, Kentucky, won the Caribbean getaway through his workplace. His wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note. Said to be an employee of Pizza Hut, gave firm a ticking off for 'wasting his time' A friend of the employee posted the letter on Reddit under the title,'my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick', and it has now been shared thousands of time.
SNP leader has said she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in Number 10, even if David Cameron's Conservatives win more seats. Ms Sturgeon was today swamped with requests for selfies in the wake of her triumph in last week's live TV debate. Polls suggest a surge in support for the SNP will cost Labour a majority on May 7.
Sinn Fein president described Jean McConville's murder as 'what happens in wars' The mother-of-ten was abducted from her Belfast home in 1972. She was accused by republicans of being a British Army informer. Her remains were discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune in 2003. Last year Mr Adams was arrested by police investigating her murder. He denied any involvement and was released without charge.
A University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. Dr Raychelle Burks recommends eating healthy food, exercising and getting plenty of sleep to beat stress.
Goldfish weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length are invading Western Australia's waterways. Introduced species also bring exotic parasites and disease with them. Research conducted by Dr David Morgan and Stephen Beatty found that at least 13 species of fish had been introduced into south-western Australia. Pet owners believed to be the biggest culprits.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream in March. They found hens in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care. The owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being cared for properly. 'At no time has the industry regulator raised concerns with the animal husbandry practices on Wagners property,' the company said.
Prime Minister issues plea for Ukip voters to 'come back home' to Tories. Warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' in election. Has previously dismissed Ukip as 'fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists' Latest polls put the Conservatives and Labour virtually neck and neck.
The rise of the young adult heroine has prompted a backlash on Twitter. Teenagers have taken to the social media site to hilariously voice their frustrations between the fantastical lives in the pages of books and in films, and reality. Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland. He called Ella May Rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the company's Facebook page after her tenth unsuccessful trip to Maaco. In the voicemail he said: 'I want you to get her in check before there is a big f***ing problem here on my end. Understand me?' Rudd posted the recording on Facebook and the post quickly went viral.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows unveiled. Opulent overwater villas available from $2,000 a night - rising to $4,500 at peak times. Nestled on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida.
London Mayor today launched the Tory campaign in the capital. Said Labour leader was 'hostile' to people who wanted to own their own home. Claimed Ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the Greens want a return to'somewhere around the bronze age' Mr Johnson said he believed the polls were starting to and would continue to move in favour of the Conservatives.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges. The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle said.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Ed Miliband would be a 'catastrophe' Poll reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain Prime Minister. Comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a Labour government. It is a further blow to Labour which is struggling to repair its relationship with big business after series of controversial policy announcements.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts. The 27-year-old, from Tamworth, Staffordshire, was ordered by doctors to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight. There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight years. He pleaded guilty in February to negligent
PM insists the Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' In Easter message to Christians, he said work pay and responsibility were key. Comes after Church published guide to how 30million Christians should 'approach election' But much of the 50-page document was interpreted as indirect criticism of Coalitions welfare policies.
Dozens of items from the entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in an auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York. Memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the Recording Industry Association of America - one Gold and one Platinum for the album 'Then and Now&The Best of the Monkees' The auction will take place on May 16 at 10am at Julien's Auctions.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, from Bradford, lost a whopping 16st after the surgery. The 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his Type 2 diabetes. Father-of-three said he was almost a recluse when he was at his heaviest.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag. New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up. The average house-price in Auckland is $766,912, almost seven times more than it was sold for.
Three Aussie stylists feature in Hollywood Reporter's 'Power Stylist for 2015' list. Stylists behind Aussie stars' including Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie have all made the top 10. Naomi Watts' stylist Jeann Williams is ninth on the hit list.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death. The Queenslander, who lived in the ACT, is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS. His body finally arrived home in Canberra last week, leaving Mrs Johnston to face the grim task of identifying him.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries, fire services around Australia say.
The gunman, who has not been identified, was stalking his ex-girlfriend, it has emerged. He was banned from Universal Studios in Hollywood, California, last week. But he was spotted near the water slides on Friday afternoon, where he shot himself in front of children and families. The mother of his child works in a restaurant at the theme park.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County. The car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them. Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation. Residents on two floors of an apartment building in Okolona were evacuated by the fire department.
More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland. At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating. It's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
Big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal. Accompanied by a hunting partner, the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power. But it ends up being chased away by the infant's angry mother. The feline and one of its companions were left hungry and with dented pride as the young hippo escaped unscathed.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day. She was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol trooper. The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015. Distracted driving fines range from $50 for the first offense up to $250 and a six-month license suspension.
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour over the last 45 years. Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories compared with just under 9 per cent under Labour. The figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of the general election on May 7.
Vivienne Westwood designed the 11,000 square foot penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel. The 10th-floor penthouse will feature exclusive art, decor and custom furnishings, created in collaboration with Richmond Design. The master bedroom suite includes a contemporary king-sized four poster bed, with cushions and a tapestry designed by Westwood.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments  as well as those for anti-ageing. A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes. One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Luke Shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on Good Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A widespread search is being carried out by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members, along with campers.
The Hunger Games film franchise has grossed over $2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year. The Twilight saga managed $3.3 billion over five films from 2008. The Avengers garnered $1.5 billion with just one film in 2012.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of designer Karl Lagerfeld. Choupette has her own six-strong team at her beck and call whether theyre catering for her very faddy diet, stocking up on her favourite beauty products or tickling her furry tummy.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, from Portsmouth allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to a gang of fraudsters. He is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away. The alleged ringleader of the scheme, Olawabiyi Ayanwale, who is not before the court, set up standing orders by impersonating the victims, it is said. He denies fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud.
Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke thought the new Lincoln Continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the Bentley Flying Spur. The side windows of the vehicles look similar and both models have chrome trim around their windows and rears. He wrote: 'Do you want us to send the product tooling?' A Lincoln spokesman dismissed the Bentley designer's criticism and said the model 'is clearly a Lincoln' Bentley has had a Continental in its lineup since 1984 and Ford retired the name in 2002.
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs. But this is just one of several artificial islands China has been creating in the region - and the exact purpose of them is unknown. Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems. China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison. On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest. She also faces three years probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Campaign chiefs attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders. They called for a Labour government signed by people from all walks of life But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires.
Mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher. That would put many holiday resorts in the shade - with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F) and Athens at 16F. England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland each recorded their warmest days of the year.
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80, the Carolinian, was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred. None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured, although a man who fell ill during the delay did receive treatment.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury. Rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries, as well as cuts, bruises and abrasions. The cause of the collapse is currently being investigated.
Cody Neatis, from Preston, was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday. He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube. The eight-year-old has been without a hospital bed because staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep. His mother, Lynne, 48, has had to sleep with Cody on the mattress. She watches him sleep in case he pulls out his oxygen or hurts himself in the night.
Indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will 'be able to discriminate against anyone at any time' The Arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson rejected its bill at the last minute on Wednesday. The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals. The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests.
Robert Clark, 96, survived the brutality of the Nazi 'death march' He is registered blind, deaf in one ear and dependent on a wheelchair. For the past two years he has used his £50,000 savings to pay towards a £960-a-week live-in carer, while Brent Council contributed £350 a week. But as his money runs out, the council is refusing to increase its funding and Mr Clark may have to go into a care home instead. More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Mr Clark to be allowed to stay in his house.
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future. Using data collected by the European Space Agency on the gradually shifting position of stars, he has estimated how the constellations will change between. 50,000BC and 100,000CE. The Big Dipper, for example, will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like duck. Orion, named after the hunter in Greek mythology, will lose his head and the Crux will become little more than two parallel lines similar to an equals sign.
Photographer Hernando Rivera Cervantes captured the images of the Colima volcano in Mexico. He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the atmosphere. Lightning is thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other. A bolt of volcanic lighting can heat the surrounding air to more than 3,000°C.
Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. But a group of vicars say it can lead to discrimination against the poor. They say affluent parents are more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a C of E school, which are often high-performing.
ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM, will take place in two parts. In 2020 AIM will head to the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022. The 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon, informally called 'Didymoon' This smaller body is AIM's focus: the spacecraft will perform high-resolution visual, thermal and radar mapping of the moon.
A 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle. She had kicked him and he then disappeared. The incident is thought to be connected to a similar incident that took place at the same pool on February 7.
Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world. Markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus, pharmacists and pet cages. China's appetite for endangered wildlife and the 2,000-year practice of Traditional Chinese Medicine is the main catalyst behind the world's third largest illicit trade.
Liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. Researchers have already tested the material in existing body armour designs.
Paul Childs burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011. The air steward said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over the number of foreigners who have the condition. He said: 'You cant keep blaming a countrys problems on immigrants. HIV is a drop in the ocean compared to what else the NHS is spending money on' The election candidate is the second Lib Dem to go public with their HIV positive status.
Hayley Okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition. She suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate. Progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13. But Hayley, from Bexhill, East Sussex, defied the odds to live four more years and even published anautobiography about living with the disease.
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed. The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning. The men told police they were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout. The car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool. A taxi driver involved in the bungle fled the scene of the accident leaving the man to explain to police.
Premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common, but they're not normal,' Dr Lara Briden tells Daily Mail Australia. The naturopathic doctor says that PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet. Dr Briden says PMS has often been dismissed as a myth in the past, but that new research has indicated a link between inflammation and PMS.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday. He was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining that he had trouble breathing. He suffered a fatal heart attack and died in hospital two hours later. His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claims his son had been 'driving erratically' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads. Parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to 'let off steam' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around. School claims that the ban is intended to tackle a 'chasing' game which has caused children to hurt themselves.
Antarctica has experienced its highest temperature on record, according to meteorologists. Sensors at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula recorded a temperature of 17.5°C. This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. The previous hottest temperature recorded in Antarctica - which is usually the coldest place on Earth - was in April 24 1961 when the temperature reached 17.1°C (62.8°F)
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to stop digging when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland childrens home. He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from Kincora. Mr Kerr said he was molested by very powerful figures in a Westminster paedophile gang.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. Mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and jaundiced skin. Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems. In the last 20 years, the number of alcohol- related deaths has doubled.
The remains of 55 greyhounds were found in a bush site in Bundaberg. A 71-year-old man and a 64- year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm. Police found a rifle and ammunition in the woman's home. The shocking scene was, in the words of Detective Superintendent Mark Ainsworth, 'nothing short of abhorrent' Local speculation suggests the site is a common dumping ground for 'wasted' dogs used by people in the greyhound industry.
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods. With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear. He hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Sydneys dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. It's the strongest increase since April in 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data. It comes after the Reserve Bank cut official interest rates to 2.25% in February, leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market. Canberra surprisingly performed second best to Sydney over the quarter with a 4.1 per cent increase in dwelling values.
Two 17-year-old boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, believed to have fled to Syria. One of the boys is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi. Munshi was Britain's youngest convicted terrorist at the age of 18 in 2008. He was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' who radicalised impressionable Muslims and encouraged them to attend military camps in Pakistan. Pair have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones.
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the worlds first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg. The Marmite chocolate egg has a strong, rather beefy aftertaste. Paul A Young's Sea Salted Caramel filled egg is the chocolatier's signature. Godiva's Alter Eggo's can be made at their stores.
Spanish expert, Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos, has found the LED screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye. In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision. Research has already shown that the intense levels of 'blue light' emitted from modern gadgets can cause a variety of health complaints, ranging from sleeping and eating problems to headaches and even cancer.
Britain struck oil in the Falklands yesterday, a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with Argentina. After nine months of exploratory drilling, a group of British companies found oil and gas in a remote field north of the islands. The bonanza, which could be worth billions of pounds, will add to fears of renewed conflict over the British overseas territory.
Liz Smith, 92, is spilling celebrity secrets that she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. She claims IAC chairman Barry Diller asked her in 1992: 'Do you think I should come out?' but that he 'worships' his wife Diane Von Furstenberg. The gossip columnist claims she advised Diller, the chairman of media company IAC, against it, telling him; 'No, Barry, David Geffen needs to come out. He needs a big story or a scandal or a fight to push him in business and make people afraid of him' The 'women' Smith
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, who was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course, was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children. There had also been reports relating to his'suspicious behavior', where he apparently got too close to some of the infants in his care.
Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am on Thursday morning. The ship was carrying 132 crew members when it tipped over. More than 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff are involved in the rescue operation. So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital. At the latest count there are 13 people still missing.
Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, posted the video online. It shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero. He then powers forward, pulling his son James's front tooth clean out. After the car stops, James can be seen running up to the camera, saying 'It came out!'
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from the 14th floor window of the Executive Plaza building in midtown Manhattan at 8.30am on Monday. He was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring Michelangelo Hotel, near the Rockefeller Center, and was pronounced dead at the scene. It is understood the tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, had been on a business trip.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night. Police said Kuta appeared to have misjudged a ledge while backing away from approaching cops. Officers had chased Kuta and five other teenagers up the stairs after complaints that they were smoking marijuana in the lobby of the building. When the officers got to the roof, some teens jumped to another roof and ran away, but Kuta was pinned in by a dividing wall.
motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the catch-up service's top five for the month. Viewing figures come a week after presenter Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from the BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. The four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times while episode two alone was watched 2,645,000. Figures for March are expected to see a sharp decline since only two episodes of Top Gear were shown before Clarksons suspension.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested at her home in Philadelphia on charges she tried to join and martyr herself for the Islamic State group. Authorities said that she communicated with an Islamic State fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation. She appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black, with just her eyes showing, and will remain in custody until her next appearance on April 8. Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case. They are accused of plotting to wage jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack
Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in January. Phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex. Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out' No charges have been filed and no arrests have been made, but a Maricopa County Attorney's Office
Hay Castle in Hay-on-Wye, Wales, is infested with deathwatch beetles. The beetles are living in the timber of the 800-year-old mansion. A £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers. The castle was built in the late 12th century by the powerful Norman Lord William de Braose.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed, causing him to crash into a luggage lift. The incident, which took place at 2am on December 26, 2007, left Afoa unable to use his legs or right arm. Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the airport - saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace. On Tuesday a King County jury awarded Afoa $40 million because of what the incident has done to
Stacy Maitai has been forced to give up her job in Perth in order to care for her son full-time. The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen. The single mother says she is trying her best to keep food on the table but was given an eviction notice after being $4000 behind in her rent for her three-bedroom home, which costs $380. A fundraising page was set up to help the struggling family on mycause, so far raising more than $18,000.
Keith Cameron scammed his friend and neighbour out of £476,864. He promised Jonathan Speirs a £2million return on his investment in two years. But it was all an elaborate lie and he spent the money on a lavish lifestyle. Cameron was today jailed for five years at Edinburgh Sheriff Court. But Jonathan's wife, Elizabeth, said: 'My daughters and I will be dealing with the consequences of his crime both emotionally and financially for the rest of our lives'
Mark Doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss. After six months of training, four-year-old border collie Meg and 22-month-old English springer spaniel Jess went to work. When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly. After the experiment, the cash was washed and returned to the students. Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies.
Robert Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV. Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons, were killed instantly in the crash. Relatives of Murphy and Timmons tore into Dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing. 'How could you be so heartless? You still have a family; you have taken mine from me,' Timmons' mother, Debbie Blanchard, said. Dellinger appeared to be deeply remorse
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than Indias. Popular television series explore it, gliding over the cliffs by helicopter. The National Trust mainly bought up the wilder shores to preserve their wildness.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event. The couple, who does not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos for allegedly providing a photo booth that printed, 'Poor N***** Party' The couple wasn't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride's sister told the family about the racist incident. Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to the offensive caption.
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing. In one example Metropolitan Police stopped two Chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich Arab tourists in Park Lane and Mayfair areas. DC Darren Bond, whose team monitors the Oxford Street, Bond Street and Regent Street areas, explained that Chilean pickpockets 'don't mess about'
Self-styled angry Leftie revolutionary and magician Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its Generation 2015 Election youth panel The 24-year-old used his @bbcgen2015 Twitter page to make the disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan.
The Nightly News newscaster was handed a six-month suspension in February after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from Iraq in 2003. But according to a report in Vanity Fair, Williams started exaggerating his stories because he felt insecure following in Tom Brokaw's footsteps at NBC. 'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories,' one executive told the publication. 'He likes to sort of tell these grandiose tales... I just saw it as one of the quirks of his personality'
Just one Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. Thats more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends per day. A Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg - and the chocolate bar that comes with it - will take three 45 minute cycle classes to work off.
Cryos International, an online sperm bank, is moving its offices from New York to the Central Florida Research Park in Orlando. The company says the decision is in part due to the 'intense competition for donors' in New York. By comparison, the new site in Orlando is located just yards from the University of Central Florida, which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year. The new offices are also across the street from a campus of the Florida Technical College.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov. The politician was shot in the back four times on a bridge near the Kremlin. The outspoken critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin was shot dead in February. When he appeared in court in March he retracted his confession. Now he has told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing to murder.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. On top of the six arrests, an amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School.
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms. He claims they make Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' But in January Ed Balls warned scrapping the rules would cost the country money.
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at John F Kennedy International Airport. The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman. Jennifer said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly  apparently while being transferred from the plane  that Felix was able to get out and run away. Etihad Airways said it is investigating Felixs disappearance and continues to search for the cat.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including faster methods of propulsion. Other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans, and small satellites to explore deep space. One of the companies in the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships (NextStep) says they have an engine that could get humans to Mars in just 39 days. The Vasimr engine - which uses plasma as a propellant - is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas. Over three years, Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America:. The Winter Soldier. Audiences flocked over the weekend to see actor Paul Walker in one of his final roles before his untimely death in 2013 at the age of 40. 'This is a bittersweet installment in the franchise,' said BoxOffice.com.
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote, a new survey has revealed. Idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 was ranked 19th on a list of 23 policies presented to voters. It comes after Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Coronation Street has reportedly overturned a ban on voiceover work. Bosses were said to be unhappy with Katy Cavanagh's work for BBC iPlayer Restart. The soap has previously tried to silence its stars when they've asked to do voiceovers for television adverts.
The bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, in the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska. The Sockeye salmon, which are native to Alaska, migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born. The fish are very fast and difficult to catch underwater, but once they leap into the air they are easy to pick out of the air.
Misao Okawa died of heart failure at her nursing home in Osaka, Japan. Born on March 5, 1898, the great-grandmother had lived through two World Wars, the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the Wright Brothers. She was recognised as the world's oldest person by the Guinness World Records in 2013. The new oldest person in the world, American Gertrude Weaver, is aged 116.
Katie still regularly checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out, following his cheating scandal last year. Kieran cheated on Katie with not one, but two of her best friends, Jane Poultney and Chrissy Thomas in 2014. Katie decided to forgive her husband for cheating, however, relationship expert Tracey Cox has revealed it can be hard for people to move on.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural China. She left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory in Shenzhen, where she was put to work shaping glass for watches. Fed up with her monotonous job, she handed in her resignation after three months  only for her bosses to promote her to a newly-created department. She rose up the ranks to become the director of the whole manufacturing operation, before deciding to set up her own company aged 22 years old. Her company Lens Technology supplies protective window glass used in Apple devices.
Fishermen given licences to kill more than 800 seals this year. Campaigners insist there are more humane methods of protecting fish. Outside Scotland, it is legal to kill seals without any need for a licence - meaning that there is no way of measuring exactly how many die every year.
Kevin Franklin, 53, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, put the lights up last November. But he didn't take them down in January because he wanted to switch them on again in April for Autism Awareness Month. His 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and the family want to use his Christmas light show to raise awareness for charities working with those with the disability. The continued presence of the lights in recent weeks has angered some neighbours.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2 per cent in Sheffield Hallam. Mr Clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin  scooping more than 50 per cent of the vote. Tory peer Lord Ashcroft poll shows 36 per cent are now planning to vote for Labour's Oliver Coppard.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. She described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear' Producers decided not to punish her, and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break.
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff in Berwick-upon-Tweed, Northumberland. Teenager was plucked from the water by crew of an RAF rescue helicopter. He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. Police are not treating the death as suspicious, but have referred it to watchdog.
Jeremy Clarkson has become a green campaigner and Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note, according to reports. The Leaning Tower of Pisa will be turned into a luxury hotel. Tesco is set to introduce bouncy aisles in a publicity campaign including Lucy Mecklenburgh from The Only Way Is Essex. Leicester University is renaming itself King Richard University.
The plan was revealed in an email sent out to YouTube Partners. It will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees  the same percentage associated with advertising revenues. The email promises YouTube Creators will generate additional income beyond what's available today through advertising.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber. The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975. The teenager often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared. Magistrate Sharon Freund said the disappearance did not appear suspicious and there was no evidence suggesting suicide. She said she was unconvinced, on the balance of probabilities, that Ms Rees is dead.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood. His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water and was unable to get out. Two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the small pool.
Southampton beat Blackburn 1-0 to win the Premier League U21 Cup. Ryan Seager had given the hosts the lead before Matt Targett equalised. Sam Gallagher scored a stunning long-range winner in extra time. Southampton were reduced to 10 men late on in normal time when Harrison Reed was sent off.
Becca and Dale Litchfield from Gotham, Nottingham, were desperate for a family. After two failed rounds of IVF the couple decided to give up their dream wedding. But weeks later they won a wedding competition which allowed them to get married. Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai.
The White House was stalling for time on Wednesday as talks with Iran over its nuclear program threatened to stretch into another day of overtime. President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made' Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.S., participating in the Switzerland-based discussions with Iran in were on the verge of making a deal. French Foreign Minister
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans to their council for a 12-seater home cinema. Industry experts say a cinema room is now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million. Home cinemas are often a clever investment as they make use of low value space in the basement.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday. The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell. In Oak Mountain on Monday, her classmates and teachers mourned the teen, who was part of the Advanced Symphonic Band and the National Junior Honor Society.
The Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria. He was there as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool and The Prince's Countryside Fund. He met farmers and met members of the Westmorland County Agricultural Society. Also visited Broadband for the Rural North, Dry Stone Walling Association and Peter Hall & Son.
The number of firearm licence holders in New South Wales has increased by more than 20 per cent in the last five years. Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010, according to figures obtained by News Corp. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of licences - 3259. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said the United State's popular national gun laws, and the country's influence on Australia through popular culture was likely to be driving the increase.
Deborah Hutton has released a cook book of her favourite food recipes. 'My Love Affair with Food' is a collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly. The 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes with Daily Mail Australia. Hutton says she will take salt and carbs 'any day' in favour of wholesome food.
Twitter has officially rolled out its retweet with comment feature. The new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages. This means that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. Available on Twitters website and the iPhone app, the feature will roll out to Android handsets soon. Nigella Lawson has already embraced the tool by commenting on a retweet.
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School to make changes. The 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil's exam answers himself. This was despite the exam session finishing, a conduct panel heard. The Department for Education annulled all SATs exam results for the entire school. He has been banned from the classroom for at least two years.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' Nicknamed the 'cuddle chair,' it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest. Head cushion will have a 'face relief aperture,' which is essentially a face-front pillow with a hole for breathing. The chest cushion supports the passenger's chest in a natural, forward-leaning motion, which will helpfully aid the traveller.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents. This type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year. One teacher said they had been sworn at by a parent online over a PE lesson, while a female dance teacher said she had been called a paedophile
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes in London. She is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. Accused of running the vice ring in the capital last year with Daniel Williams. He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding the profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home.
Easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance. In Traustein, Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback. In Slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations. A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where after being sprinkled with water, the women give the men coloured eggs.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. For each work Natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints. Each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear.
Claudetteia Love, 17, said she and friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom in Monroe, Louisiana, because Principal Patrick Taylor had told her she had to wear a dress. Her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates, to gay rights groups and strangers. But now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President Rodney McFarland have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all.
The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning.
During a talk in Washington today, the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade. 'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next 10 to 20 years,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa. 'It's definitely not an if, it's a when,' added Jeffery Newmark, interim director of heliophysics.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that undermine living standards and family life But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them. Freedom of Information requests found 22,000 zero-hours contracts were handed out by Labour-run councils, including Doncaster. It emerged 68 Labour MPs had also signed up researchers and other staff on zero-hour contracts in the last two years.
Small time drug dealer Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy. Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found half-naked, her throat slit in 2007. Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for murder before being conclusively cleared last month.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife Kelly Robarge. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years. The judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body, as well as the couple's history of domestic violence.
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month. This was compared to four times a year in 2000 and five times a week in 1990. He said: 'People are checking their emails all the time, you do not have the same sort of quiet empty time that there used to be'
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray during his ordeal. 'Every time I went outside, I exposed myself to getting my clothes drenched, which would have made it harder for me to keep warm,' Jordan said. Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail. Native Hawaiians believe the site where the telescope is being assembled is sacred because it is where their creation story begins.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, was arrested on a beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico. She claims she was sunbathing on a private beach reserved for tourists. Her friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70. Video footage of her arrest has sparked a heated debate online.
The 30-year-old Los Angeles-based model is less than a month away from her due date. She has been documenting her pregnancy with a series of body-flaunting photos on Instagram. Some of her 1.4m followers are concerned that her trim physique could be harming her unborn child.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at Atkins High School in Rural Hall, North Carolina. Her friend got dropped off first, but Ronda never made it back home. Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride. She had been violently assaulted and then stabbed to death. The man who gave her a ride that day was never found. Police believe he still lives in the
British banker Rurik Jutting appeared before a packed courtroom in Hong Kong on Thursday. He is accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women whose mutilated bodies were found in his apartment. Seneng Mujiasih and Sumarti Ningsih, both in their 20s, were found dead in his upmarket flat in the early hours of November 1.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' when fire destroyed their apartment last week. A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family. Dr McLean paid just $1,500 a month for the 1,100-square-foot, four bedroom apartment because it was rent stabilized. She had lived there for 37 years.
Rodrigo Alves is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient. The 31-year-old London flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants.
All of the 36 units at the Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment. Pensioner Graham White, 76, said residents think the property looks'more like a children's playscheme than sheltered accommodation' Vale of Glamorgan council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook. The 24-year-old was part of an armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries. He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court. On Wednesday night, hours before he was sentenced, he uploaded picture taken inside the courtroom that shows he and his fellow gang members in the dock.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, closed its doors today. Owner Kevin O'Connor said he was forced to close after receiving abusive phone calls and being trolled online. Comes after his daughter said they would refuse to serve a gay wedding. The pizzeria's Yelp page was targeted by those who disagreed with the O'Connors' statements, attracting hundreds of one star reviews. Supporters have hit back, raising more than $440,000 for the embattled owners.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram. A movie industry source said Weinstein gave her the $227 sixth-row-center-seat ticket during their Friday night meeting and told her he would be backstage during the show.
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. Wichita Falls officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
The European Space Agencys Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P. On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into safe mode This caused it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. Esa said it took until Monday to get the spacecraft back into 'normal' status. The spacecraft is now performing a wide sweep around the comet
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was suffering from anorexia and depression. She was visiting her father's farm in Acton, Suffolk, while on day release from a mental health unit where she was treated. She took the deadly medicine, which her father Stephen was keeping illegally, and injected it after saying she felt like a 'failure' She then ran away from her father, saying 'let me die', before she collapsed in a field and her family called 999. Paramedics fought to save her, but she died from the effects of the drug.
Party chiefs scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts. On Wednesday, Mr Miliband vowed to end the epidemic of zero-hours contracts  and blasted the Tories for failing to protect ordinary workers. But he was accused of total hypocrisy on the issue. 68 of his MPs  including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls  had employed staff on that basis in the past two years. Labour councils, including Mr Milibands own authority in Doncaster, have also issued 22,000 of the contracts.
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006. He says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless, spending each night sofa surfing. Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, Judy and Bill Schmidt, were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio, on Monday. Her mother, Lynn Schmidt, reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend's home, even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter. Robert Seman, Jr., 46, was set to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. He was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday, accused of trying to bribe a witness in
The London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. Experienced authors will be on hand to reveal how they launched their careers. The London Book and Screen Week is running simultaneously from April 13 to 19  a celebration of all things literary and film.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo, noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. To test the rodents response to rats pained expressions, they showed them the photos in a specially made cage. They found that rats spent less time in the room showing rodents in pain, than they did in the other compartment showing rats with neutral facial expressions. The study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state, the pained faces of rats may have a communicative function.
Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The KKK men believed the prisoner was infected with HIV and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight, officials said. The FBI was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan, according to an arrest affidavit. The case is the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her. 'Mariah was willing to give Nick $10 million but he said 'hell no' and demanded $30,' a family friend tells the Daily Mail exclusively. 'He told her he could write a book and get $30 million and much more for a movie deal for all of the crap she put him through over the years,' the friend says. 'Now Mariah is angry, devastated and scared that Nick will reveal her inner most secrets and make her look
Rachel Chepulis, 26, and Wesley E. Brown III, 35, captured in Oregon. Pair had been on the run for 19 days after helping him escape North Dakota jail. Brown was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm - and is thought to have seduced single Che pulis while behind bars. The fugitive couple were caught outside a Bi-Mart store in North Bend.
The average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career. One in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting. Of 2000 surveyed, 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings. Nearly half spend their time doodling on a notepad and 29 per cent stare out of window.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter. On Monday, a judge sentenced Harris to four years and two months in prison. The victim's brother called the justice system 'a joke' after learning how long Harris would serve.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April. People can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day. It will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model and the Sport model. It does not apply to the expensive Edition model, which starts at $10,000. The half-price Watch discounts apply from Friday and will last for
Scottish illustrator Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups, Secret Garden. The follow-up, Enchanted Forest, is expected to do just as well. The allure is said to be the unadulterated pleasure of doing something for no purpose other than to enjoy the practice.
Four-year-old Hudea was pictured in Atmeh refugee camp near Turkey. She, her mother and three siblings have been living there since 2012. They left the camp two weeks ago and headed for Idlib - now in control of Al-Qaeda's brutal Syrian affiliate Al-Nusra. The Nusra Front have promised to bring in Sharia law in the city, and have already started burning things considered banned under Islam.
Sarkozy, 60, is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid. He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off a fine approaching £500,000. Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself. Images of Sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in Paris are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power.
David Suchet's grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Todd is the son of Suchets son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach. Suchet, 68, said mismanagement in the admin side of the NHS means he is not receiving treatment that could help him.
Discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists. Genetic analysis of the beast show it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid  a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. Scientists believe the camel may have been left in the town of Tulln for trading after the siege of Vienna in 1683. The camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. According to the spokeswoman for the federal receiver, who controls California prison medical care, the surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $100,000. She has been in prison since 1987, serving a life sentence for second-degree murder.
Singer-songwriter Don McLean's original manuscript and notes to 'American Pie' have been sold at auction for $1.2 million. McLean offered the wistful anthem that asks 'Do you recall what was revealed the day the music died?' at Christie's on Tuesday. The original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse, which was crossed out and never recorded, where McLean, now 69, writes about music being'reborn'
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers.
Mystery man, who may be suffering from amnesia, does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the UK. All that he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter called Lenka. He may or may not have come from Denmark within the past few days. He was taken to hospital after he arrived at the Polish Consulate in central London yesterday.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds. Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes. Lu Lu has been bestowed the name 'The Enduring Brother' after his sexual prowess hit the headlines.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as David Cameron tried to answer a question about homeless people who had served in the armed forces. She was later removed from the studio and said she wanted people to question 'the 1 per cent at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
Hillary Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking heartbroken The vivid account is written by former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News in The Residence: Inside the Private World of the White House'
Karen Wakefield appeared in BBC's controversial documentary 'People Like Us' She refused to pay fines for taking her daughter out of school to go on holiday. The 13-year-old missed six days of lessons at the start of the new school year. Mrs Wakefield said she doesn't like teachers telling her what to do. She and her husband Paul Dawson could be jailed for three months or fined £1,000.
More than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet the criteria for major depressive disorder, which is also known as clinical depression. U.S. investigators looked at those taking selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), the most commonly prescribed type of anti-depressant. They found 38 per cent of those taking the drugs didn't meet criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California. He and his late wife, Arvella, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. In 1980, he built the towering glass-and-steel Crystal Cathedral to house his booming TV ministry, which was broadcast live each week from the cathedral's airy and sunlit 2,800-seat sanctuary. At its peak, in the 1990s, the program had 20 million viewers in about 180
Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan showed a brain cyst. When Daisy was born, she was told she had the rare disorder Anophthalmia. Daisy will never be able to see, but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons. She will be admitted to the Great Ormond Street Hospital later this month for an operation to fit glass eyes.
Professor Bryan Sykes of the University of Oxford claims a towering woman named Zana who lived in 19th Century Russia could have been the fabled yeti. Witnesses described the six-foot, six-inches tall woman as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' - and covered in thick auburn hair. DNA evidence from Zana's granddaughter and the remains of her son Khwit seemed proved that Zana was of African descent even though she lived in the wild Caucusus.
Hailo launch a piggy back taxi service and a self-tanning shower valve. Marmite's psychologists say 'eating dark-coloured foods for breakfast can provoke feelings of negativity' A waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back of these undies 'allows you to make secure payments with a pelvic thrust or booty pop'
Youngster named Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear. The bear is believed to be called Cheyenne and sits partially submerged in the water in a North American zoo. The boy and bear go on to play together as the boy puts his hands against the glass and the animal mimics his actions.
Kate Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long sea wall to protect her beachside home. But Natural England has recommended her local District Council reject the application because of concerns over the impact it will have on the natural habitat. The actress' Grade II-listed home backs onto a site that is a designated special protection area to safeguard wildlife.
Amy Johnson, from Sydney, faces two assault charges and has faced court today. The 38-year-old woman allegedly grabbed a teenage McDonald's worker around the neck and scratched her face. She claims that the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked, the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands. Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois. Officers were called to reports of an argument between Howell and Tramond Peet, 18. Chief Steve Dumyahn said Howell had just stolen a handgun from Peet. He said the gun went off and Howell was pointing it at Peet at one point. Howell's mother LaToya said her son 'couldn't have been a threat' Peet appeared in court Monday on two counts of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother in upstate New York. The couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention. But city officials are now demanding that he is sent back to live on the farm.
Collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. The collection has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch. Declaring herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before, Her Majesty quipped: 'You don't get gifts like that any more!' The digitisation of the 350,000 papers will be overseen by academics from King's College London.
The four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in car park of Redland House Hotel in Chester and later sold at auction for £2,200. TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the artefact's historical roots and has now revealed that DNA testing on the bed's timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII. He has traced it back to 1495, when Henry VII went to Lathom in Lancashire to see the Stanley family, who had helped him to victory in the Battle of Bosworth in 1485. The bed also features carvings of biblical scenes of Henry and his
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' performed. The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22. The child's parents took the body to Mexico the following day. Unconfirmed reports have suggested that the boy may have died either of starvation or of a fall from a chair last week.
A new infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out to get a more restful slumber. You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. The comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at Warrington's Parr Hall the popstar had made her money'showering in a bikini' Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, told supporters he was 'back with Labour' Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay also attended the event.
IKEA claims new vegetarian meatballs will cut carbon emissions by half. Firm says new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety. Its veggie balls will be rolled out this month, created from a secret recipe of chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn and kale.
Insurance giant Admiral said many youngsters lose out at the very beginning of looking for work because they failed to string a normal sentence together. Cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced their fears in evidence to the Welsh Assembly's Enterprise and Business Committee. Report concluded too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities.
Ukip said schoolchildren were being exposed to propaganda from Brussels. It came as Ukip was accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy. David Cameron has promised to claw back powers from Brussels before holding in-out referendum by the end of 2017. Ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier, and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was looking for work He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the wheel Housing at Jakartas Soekarno-Hatta airport. His immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep. A soothing rendition of Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star is heard in the background. To date the video of Leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on Facebook.
Giant hammerhead shark swims in the shallows off Destin, Florida, chasing after its next meal. Two oblivious swimmers bask in the crystal clear water just feet away. 'Get out the water!' cries a man with a group of friends on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach. Hammerheads are largely harmless to humans, but the swimmers were willing to stick around to prove it.
Simona Trasca, 34, said in an interview that her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed Ms Trasca's comments were defamatory and sued the model and presenter. A local court ruled in favour of Dr Valcu, accepted that the comments could be regarded as defamatories and ordered her to pay compensation.
Audrey Alexander's vegetable patch withered and died in the shade of hedge. She asked neighbour Jeanette Robinson to trim it but she refused. The dispute rumbled on, with Mrs Alexander claiming the trees knocked £20,000 off the value of her property. Stirling Council has finally ruled that Mrs Robinson can keep the hedge, although it has to be cut to 20ft.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. It means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces. The condition is so severe that Mrs Whitear can't spot her own reflection. She also struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd. The mother-of-two also walks past lifelong friends in the street.
The Ringling Brothers Elephant Conservation Center is in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Some of the Asian Elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center, while other will be used for breeding. A spokesman for the center said that the organization's goal is to conserve the Asian Elephant, an animal who has seen massive population decline over the last century.
Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce, was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act. He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. On Wednesday he told CNN Money he was responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state, and is trying to find ways to help them. It is the most aggressive corporate reaction to the controversial legislation yet.
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. Ms Gilchrist was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again and would be confined to a wheelchair. Doctors are still administering high strength antibiotics and she will spend another three months in hospital before she is cleared to return home.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, said he doesn't expect to be elected but hopes the gesture will 'warm Galbraith's grave' His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana.
The U.S. Attorney's Office says 48-year-old John Zelepos of North Stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. The restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $500,000 fine. Prosecutors said between 2006 and 2010,Zelepos diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members. They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income.
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 near the town of Commerce about 7 am Monday. Members of the Atlanta-based band Khaotika and the Huntsville, Alabama-based Wormreich were in the van. The van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side,' Georgia State Patrol Cpl Scott Smith said. The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a Soviet nuclear attack. It was home to the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD), scanning the skies for Russian missiles and the military command and control center of the United States in the event of World War Three. The high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 Cold War thriller War Games and 1994's Stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel. It shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from Russia seemed to subside.
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country. The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species. The reptiles were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo, the first and only Australian zoo to breed the species. After the breeding program has been concluded, the crocodiles will be released into the wild.
In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65. Families and landlords in Tokyo are increasingly turning to Hirotsugu Masuda and his clean-up crew to salvage apartments where the occupant's body lay undiscovered for days or weeks. Masuda's firm works almost exclusively with 'lonely deaths', charging between £450 and £2,000.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains. They found that hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared.
Three men, two women and four children detained by soldiers at a checkpoint. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11. Turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach IS-controlled areas of Syria and Iraq. More than a dozen Britons, including three teenage schoolgirls, have made the journey.
Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported. The storms also hit further north, barreling into parts of Indiana and knocking down trees and power lines.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads. Asma attempted to take a photo of the men but became too fearful of her safety and jumped in the car. 'This is downtown Sydney in broad daylight and it feels like a war zone,' she said. This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years.
Camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of Facebook's decision to open up Messenger. Users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long. They can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram. GIFs animate inline in the conversation.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month. Jenna and Henry broke the news to her parents, former President George Bush, and former First Lady Laura Bush, the day after Christmas. She described parenthood as 'the biggest roller coaster ride there is'
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into claims. Follows allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory  partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not PM material The Scottish First Minister yesterday branded the report as 100 per cent untrue and stressed French officials had also denied the account.
'Fright' decibels of rollercoaster at Flambards in Helston will be recorded. Reading will go into a report as local planning council considers 480-house project. Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields.
Just under half (47%) of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions, compared to just 40% of men. Nearly half of women (47%) surveyed admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness or negative feelings towards their roles. For men, the figure was even higher, with 52% having suffered from mental issues.
The Planetary Society analysed the feasibility and cost of a mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033, leading up to a crewed landing on the Red Planet in 2039. It concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within NASA's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back. The Phobos orbital mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit.
Gabby Giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend. The former U.S. representative, 44, walked through the airport in California using a cane, hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination in Tucson, Arizona. The couple were accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, and a young woman who carried several bags.
The University of Sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the sandstone university. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning, and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. Opposition leader Luke Foley is concerned over how this alternative would impact the HSC. Tuition, sporting and curricula fees for Scot's college reportedly top $30,000.
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton, 48,. after she asked for half of the proceeds. But Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 about 6:30am Saturday to report the shootings before she died. Responding officers found the couple inside their master bedroom at their home in Fort Worth, Texas, where Martin was pronounced dead. The tragic couple had known each other since childhood.
The British musician has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the New York Theatre Workshop. Based on the novel by Walter Tevis, the 1976 film starred Bowie as a humanoid who lands on Earth in search of water for his parched planet. Bowie, 68, is not expected to perform in the production, titled Lazarus, which he has written with award-winning playwright Enda Walsh.
Domenico Rancadore, 65, fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a'man of honour' He was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence. But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn.
Dr Alex Russell is a Sydney-based University lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. He completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' Dr Russell shares his tips for wowing  winos with your knowledge. Set aside at least four hours to learn how to taste wine.
Gareth Silk let his five friends plan a stag do in Benidorm, Spain. They were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert. The men wore high heels and denim hot pants from the waist down. They earned cheers, clapping and even policemen driving past waved.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has been closed since last week. Owners Crystal and Kevin O'Connor said they would refuse to cater a gay wedding. They have raised $500,000 on GoFundMe and plan to re-open soon. The pizza shop has never catered a wedding before. Comes a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which critics say would allow businesses to openly discriminate against gays.
Kimberly Greenberg left her Santa Monica home to calm down on March 24. The 15-year-old never returned and has not been seen since. Her mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help. She said: 'It is the worst thing you could ever imagine happening. There's no getting through the day'
Anthony Bethell, 74, wants to restore 180-yard hedge between his home and St John's College in Warwickshire. The hedge, which dates back to 1686, divides Mr Bethell's one-acre plot from 1,200 acres of farmland owned by the college. He commissioned a report on the scrubby bushes, with experts recommending repairing the 'neglected, sparse' hedge. But he claims the college has refused to agree with him on the matter and he has been forced to take the college to court.
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Its viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area. It is more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon in America.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries and 70 cities. The pair, from Sydney, set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year. With only seven months to organise everything, Epiphany, 23, left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage. The performance was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously.
ISIS has announced plans to open a nursing school in its de facto capital Raqqa. Militants also disclosed the tough entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age. They must also be willing to work anywhere inside the territory controlled by the extremists, and must speak fluent English. This is in stark contrast with Britain where English language checks are still not being enforced.
Obama took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed executive order. Will allow U.S. Treasury to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks. Follows series of high profile incidents, including attack against Sony Pictures. Obama said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the United States'
Cynthia Lennon, 75, died at her home in Spain after a short battle with cancer. Yoko Ono led tributes calling her a 'wonderful mother' with a'strong zest for life' The second wife of the Beatles singer said she was'very saddened' by the news. She added that she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family' Cynthia married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to stardom. But the pair divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship with Yoko.
12-year-old Bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow. She has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving, and is currently in a rehoming centre in Cambridge.
Laura Sumner, 24, ordered to leave Russia within ten days after being fined £23.50 for an alleged visa violation. Russian media reports have branded her Agent Sumner and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot. Pro-Kremlin website claimed she was one of a number of students carrying out research in Russia by British historian, Professor Sarah Badcock.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. Breast cancer screening was introduced in 1988, with women aged 50 to 64 invited for a mammogram every three years. In 2000, the upper limit was extended to 70. From the end of 2016, all women up to 73 will be invited for screening. But critics argue this is not high enough.
A study by Kärcher has revealed six in ten Brits are too busy to clean their homes. One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far; a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before. Other top 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in the bathroom plug and only changing bed sheets once a month.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house. The U.S. Supreme Court last year sent Hinton's case back for a potential new trial, which prompted a re-examination of the evidence. The experts were unable to tie the gun to the bullets used at the crime scene. Hinton will be released from the Jefferson County Jail on Friday morning.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on Good Morning America. Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter - who at the age of 16 now lives a full and an active life, inhaler free. The president said that as part of his administration's effort to engage the public on the topic it would make available data from the Centers for Disease Control
New book 'The Residence' is based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion's domestic staff. A White House florist claims Chelsea Clinton called the Secret Service 'pigs' as a young girl, and that she learned it from her parents. White House domestic employees said they heard Hillary 'clock him with a book' during the Monica Lewinsky scandal. The first couple sometimes got into 'pitched battles' during their eight years in Washington, the book claims.
Detlef Guenzel, 57, chopped Wojciech Stempniewicz into small pieces. He buried them in the garden of his home in Hartmannsdorf-Reichenau in 2013. The men came across each other in October 2013 on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fantasies billed as the '#1 site for exotic meat' The two kept in contact via email, text message and telephone before finally arranging the fatal date.
Prescott City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the fire's sole survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. He says he was told the order came just before winds whipped Yarnell Hill into a deadly, all encompassing firestorm. But neither Mc donough nor former Prescott Fire Division Chief Darrell Willis will verify that account.
E.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers. Firm failed to notify Ofgem that it also affected people with meters. Regulator Ofgem said the penalty reflected E.ON's'repeated failings' on billing rules. Britain's Big Six energy suppliers are responsible for £99million of the payments.
The 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent. The unlucky driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. Around seven members of the public and bus company workers teamed up and managed to move the heavy bus - which weighs the same as two fully-grown African elephants.
42 per cent of those polled said they supported shale gas extraction. But 35 per cent disagreed with using the controversial technique. Findings were hidden in a footnote to a Greenpeace press release. It shows greater backing for the shale gas industry than other recent polls. Greenpeace accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result.
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945 to provide back-up in case of war or national emergencies. At its height in 1950, the NDRF consisted of 2,277 ships, reduced to 230 by 2007, and 122 in April last year. The ships, jokily known as the 'Mothball Fleet', is so rarely used that many of the ships are falling apart, creating naval graveyards rather than emergency fleets. Long years of neglect and disuse have turned the ships into near wrecks, with flaking paint polluting the waters with heavy
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat. She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs. Mrs Marriott attempted to call the RSCPA at 7am yesterday morning but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999. Det Con Craig Wallace, a detective based at Rochdale police station, overheard the control room call and offered to help as he has experience with keeping snakes. He
Zayn has been accused of cheating on Perrie on four occasions. The first was by Australian waitress Courtney Webb. The most recent was Swedish model Martina Olsson. Zayn left One Direction last week after five years in the band. Perrie and Zayn are currently on a'make or break' holiday.
US-based Barrick Gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the US. One of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern Enga province when she was raped in 2010. She and her classmates had made string bags for police officers who had been moved into the area to increase security.
Tracey Cox gives advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart. Tracey says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship. She says that some people simply don't grow up and need to be asked if they are an adult.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day and Autism Assistance Dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of 'animal therapy' The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household. The highly trained, specialised working dogs are licenced to accompany the child in essentially any location.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Originally belonging to Cromarty writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery. Scientists have revealed that 'Pessie' may have lived at the bottom of the freshwater lakes that would later become Loch Ness. The fish ancestor roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and 251 million years ago.
Theia, a 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried, but she managed to dig herself out. Days later, the dog showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. Theia is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks time after raising money through crowdfunding.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didnt matter what food was eaten. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours, while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as fuel - were actually slightly higher after fast food.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. Apple's proposed system tracks the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used, or is placed flat on a table. Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face' in the Smart Lock menu.
The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Among those chosen to take turns carrying the cross in the Way of the Cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China. Standing under a red canopy this evening Francis listened to prayers affirming the right of religious freedom.
Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time. Nine sections of the Wall have been found along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region.
A small piece of glass was discovered in a Beech Nut-Nutrition baby food jar by a consumer. The company is recalling 1,920 pounds of the product. The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars. Stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. A beanie believed to have belonged to Luke has been found on the fourth day of the search for the missing 11-year-old. A family saw a young boy matching Luke's description while they were driving in the Devils River vicinity. Police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite.
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. Officers say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. The heartbroken father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children's mother saying she is innocent. This comes as the family of the young girl who survived the tragic crash
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney. Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction. Lazarus also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received. Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for Lazarus and is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program' for young women.
Labour leader prompted claims that he was worried about upsetting his partys union paymasters In a special Election edition, the magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. But while David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature, there is no message from Mr Miliband.
Danny Eckhart, a volunteer cop in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, is accused of taking a police patrol boat for a joy ride and then crashing it into a riverside bar. No one was injured in the crash. Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
Mike Holpin, 56, has fathered 40 children by 20 different women. Despite being engaged for the fourth time, he still has an online dating profile. He tells prospective conquests: 'I love my kids' in a brief biography on Plenty of Fish. But two of his sons have revealed they wish they'd never even come into contact with him. 'I wish I'd never met my dad. I'd rather be related to Hitler than to him,' said Luke, 21.
BAE System's Typhoon is so accurate that even the movements of the tide can disrupt the jet fighter's positioning and accuracy. To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, experts must build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon. These rafts measure 59ft (18 metres) long and 9.8ft (3 metres) thick and are used to house the measuring equipment. Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface, to make sure all movement is relative. This means the jet will be in 'near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be
Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours. The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task. Children who ate the fatty diet performed worse when they were given a task-switching game to complete, the researchers said.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull. But he fell and hit his head, fracturing his skull and suffering a bleed on the brain. He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9. His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' who had a 'natural talent with children'
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. They are now calling on Harron Homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal. Neighbours have reported issues with drains, streetlights, cracks in front doors, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street.
Marcello Trebitsch, 37, is the son-in-law of disgraced New York politician Sheldon Silver. The Brooklyn resident was in court on Monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading. The criminal complaint was filed by Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bhahara, the same prosecutor who led the investigation into Silver's alleged corruption. But sources told the New York Daily News that the investigations are unrelated.
The test was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. It was aimed at testing the logical reasoning skills of students in Singapore. But the question went viral after people across the world were left completely baffled. The problem has been shared thousands of times online as people try to solve it.
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example. The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network. It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store.
Aaron Stringer, of the Bakersfield, California, Police Department, allegedly said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of Ramiro James Villegas, a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day. A trainee police officer who was with him at the time told how Stringer then pulled on the corpse's toes, and pulled his head back and forth. He then said that he 'loves playing with dead bodies' and later told her to lie about what she'd seen. Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, thought breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence. The mother-of-three saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D and was pleased with her new look. Then, in April 2012, she was sorting out some washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size. Rubbing the sore area, she felt a pea-sized lump and her husband Tristan, 36, urged her to visit her GP. Hospital tests revealed the lump was cancer
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were found at 3am by NYPD officers. They were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at. Police said they now consider the case to be closed. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack. She is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. George Costello Jr is currently in jail in Florida on apparently unrelated charges.
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. But she was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. British Airways cabin crew attendant was ordered to pay back £17,604. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Cheng Chen, 27, was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother. He spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie's exact measurements. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. But Cheng said he was was too  'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent the Easter weekend with family and friends. She has previously holidayed on the Caribbean island with her estranged husband. But the pair are said to have lived apart for years and have two daughters. BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from the hit motoring show.
The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be African-American. The lone black incumbent councilman, Dwayne James, was not up for re-election. The election came just over a month after a Justice Department report detailed a culture of racism and abuse among city officials, employees and police. Voter turnout increased substantially from the previous election following a strong get-out-the-vote effort.
A wallaby has been caught on camera delivering a swift jab to an unsuspecting wombat who invaded his personal space. Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in the Gippsland region in southeast Victoria. Unlike this encounter, wallabies typically use their strong hind legs to deliver a powerful kick when they are feeling threatened.
Sam Barton, 22, has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like Joey Essex. He was egged on Easter Monday by a group of men who pelted him with eggs. Barton believes culprits tracked him down using his Facebook posts. He said: 'There was shell in my hair and yolk dripping down my face' Barton revealed in January he was going bankrupt after racking up debts of £35,000.
Stephanie Scott's hometown paid tribute to the much-loved teacher on Sunday. More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town where the 26-year-old grew up. The latest tribute comes just one week after Ms Scott was murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years. Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton from The Netherlands over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with her murder.
A lost iPhone was reunited with its owner after police posted a series of bizarre photos on the woman's Facebook page in a bid to track her down. The phone, which belonged to Bella Crooke from Melbourne, was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station. 'You should probably put a password on your phone,' a status post read alongside a selfie of a police officer. A few hours later police confirmed the phone had not been claimed.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at the National Housing Federation. She has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes. Miss Davison, 44, and husband Chris Bailey, 47, bought a large terrace house in Islington for £440,000 ten years ago.
The mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born from a surrogate mother. She was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. Dr Nisar Wani, scientific director of the Reproductive Biotechnology Centre in Nad Al Sheba, Dubai, said: 'She has conceived in a natural way. This will prove cloned camels are fertile'
Hawiian-born photographer Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. He travelled from the Arctic Circle to Australia, capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world. His images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors.
Doctors have assumed that babies' brains are not developed enough to feel pain. It means newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. But new research by Oxford University shows babies feel pain, and their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults. In the first study of its kind, researchers showed in brain scans that infants brains react in much the same way as adults when given even mild pain.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day in Australian households. Breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year (equivalent to 25 minutes a day) Aussie kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week.
Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each  for the project. The particulars of how the garden will actually operate indicate limited group sizes and perhaps even a ticketing system.
A third of parents said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep. Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Baby. Frank Sinatra's My Way also proved popular with parents, as did Dolly Parton's Island In The Stream.
Mirreyes are individuals who enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' and are 'placed above all others' They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society. One such individual, the eldest son of then-Chiapas Attorney General Raciel Lopez Salazar, jumped off a cruise ship during the 2014 World Cup and vanished without a trace.
St Marys Hospital in London is the first choice of venue for the delivery. But two other hospitals have been put on standby in case the Duchess leaves the capital. Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace. Princess Margaret was the last member of the Royal Family to be born outside London.
Russian researchers have dated the unusual'screw' to 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens. But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer  that the screw is in fact a fossilised sea creature. The screw-like shape may actually be the reversed-shape of the creature, which gradually dissolved while the rock formed around it.
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night. That would mean the RZA, the GZA, Ghostface Killah, Masta Killa, U-God, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon, Cappadonna and Method Man. Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys, but denied that she did anything sexual with them.
Of a randomly selected group of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine said Clinton would make a good U.S. chief executive. Hillary's detractors were far more passionate than her fans  a potential problem since she needs a repeat of her grassroots-driven upset 2008 victory here in order to solidify her status as the Democrats' standard-bearer. Twenty-two of the 50 Dartmouth students interviewed on Sunday mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya as a black mark on Clinton's record. Many of them, like freshman Cameron Poole, weren't old enough to drive when it
25-year-old was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989. He was readmitted three months later after suffering a brain haemorrhage. Maternity staff failed to administer a vitamin K injection shortly after birth. Vitamin K is given to newborn babies to reduce their risk of blood clots. He now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty Thursday to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges. He was arrested in New Orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part HBO documentary called 'The Jinx' about Durst's first wife in 1982, the death of a longtime friend in 2000 and the death and dismemberment of a neighbor in Galveston in 2001.
A financial fund for killer cop Michael Slager was shut down by crowd-funding website, GoFundMe, on Wednesday. A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform. As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people. One of the individuals who donated listed their name as 'Trayvon' - perhaps a twisted reference to Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in Florida in 2012
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion.
SANTO seat by SII Deutschland is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat. The chair beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award at The Crystal Cabin Awards in Hamburg, Germany. The adapted seat would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft, where the fuselage narrows.
A fake fundraising page has been set up requesting donations for Stacey Eden. Ms Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train on Wednesday. Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning.
An American soldier was killed Wednesday when an Afghan soldier opened fire on a group of U.S. troops in the city of Jalalabad. NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier, as is the coalition's policy. It was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year, when the coalition launched its new mission in Afghanistan called Resolute Support.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday. He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. The technician or technicians involved worked for a University of Utah Hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison.
John T. Booker Jr, was detained in Manhattan, Kansas, on Friday. The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah Hassan, is said to have targeted nearby Fort Riley and planned to use a 1,000lb car bomb to blow himself up. He was shown how to arm the bomb, which was actually a dud, and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by FBI informants before being arrested. A religious leader who had counseled the 'troubled' young man said that he was mentally ill.
Hillary Clinton's motorcade hit 73 mph in a 55 mph zone in Claremont, New Hampshire on Monday. Clinton's black conversion van - 'Scooby' - hit 92 mph on Interstate 89, where the top speed limit is 65. Clinton and her entourage dined and partied at the home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen. A political operative close to Senator Jeanne Shaheen's office said the meeting was meant to include a discussion about nudging the senator toward a presidential endorsement.
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63 were jailed. Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years this week after she was found guilty of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act. Judge Sean Enright said he had to deal with his own'revulsion' to find a 'just, proportionate sentence'
Lord Attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film In Which We Serve. He was still acting more than five decades later when he appeared as eccentric boffin John Hammond in Steven Spielbergs Jurassic Park. His personal script for the Oscar-winning masterpiece Gandhi, which includes all of his annotations, is expected to fetch in the region of £3,000.
The Shepherd's Crown will feature witch-in-training Tiffany Aching. She has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date, first appearing in The Wee Free Men in 2003. The novel, which is based in the fictional realm of Discworld, will go on sale in September.
The team were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. The intrepid road trippers stopped for a picture on their road trip, which was promoted using the hashtag #MovingSkyewards. Photographers included Fedja Salihbasic, who boasts 427,000 followers on Instagram and Hanni Gharib, who flew over.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after the event in Greencastle, County Tyrone. One animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf, dismounting a rider, after trying to scale the vehicle. A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28. Ulster Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals said today that complaints had been made.
The dove grey suit was once worn by notorious Nazi leader Hermann Goering. Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight German commander. It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon. Goering was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor. Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help. Witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge. The cause of the accident was under investigation.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing! She had no idea of the outrage her light-hearted comment would provoke from the devoted followers of Scotlands First Minister and the leader of the SNP. I was called ugly, vile, someone who deserves to die, and one wit even hoped I would catch malaria
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on Sydney Harbour. The men collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police. Police say they discovered cocaine, marijuana and MDMA before the boat left the wharf. Two men, 21 and 22, will appear in court this month.
Luke Shambrook, 11, went missing from a Victorian campsite at 9.30am on Friday. He was found just before midday AEST on Tuesday in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, 3km from the campsite. Luke was sitting alone and forlorn on the hill when he was spotted from the police helicopter. A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search. He is suffering from dehydration and hypothermia but has been reunited with his parents.
Comfortably Numb is a new, single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin. The device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water. A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction. The skin can then be numbed by contacting the device's metal surface to the patients skin. Within 60 seconds the patient is numb and they can have an injection without experiencing pain.
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of 1946 export permit will bolster claim that Beaching A Boat, Brighton was legitimately brought to Britain. 1946 document bears signature of dealer called Karola Fabri and seeks permission for transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich. Discovery of permit in archives of Budapests Museum of Fine Arts is latest twist in dispute between Tate and descendants of original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to Regional Management Inc. The replacement of the mansion 30-year-old roof, which is being done by Nicholson and Galloway, should cost an additional $3.4 million.
If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try. Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call. Picking the right one that isn't too over-crowded or too run down is crucial.
The 26-year-old, known as 'Chris' by UK soldiers, was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack. Chris says it is the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time spent helping the British Government.
Medical experts watched the 23rd outing for Ian Fleming's hero and concluded that Bond would have been unlikely to survive to the end of the two hour film. Within the first seven minutes, Bond is hit by a depleted uranium shell - an armour-piercing round normally used to destroy tanks. If he had survived this the radioactive qualities of the ammunition would have increased his risk of cancer. Other movies to undergo the medical assessment were Die Hard featuring Bruce Willis. Unsurprisingly John McClane would not have survived.
Couple enjoyed steamy encounter at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley. Workers at office block which overlooks park said the pair were semi-naked. They did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them. Photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online.
Military officials in Kazakhstan have introduced a Miss Army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits. The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online where viewers can vote for their favourites. The pictures show the women in three set poses  in military uniform, with weapons and in civilian clothing  and they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times.
Clare Van Santen, 37, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005. The Perth woman has undergone coutnless chemotherapy and radiation treatments in the past decade. In October 2013 she learned her cancer had spread to her liver, and she also had a small amount in one of her shoulders. In February she had a seizure and discovered the cancer had gone to her brain. Radiation therapy is currently trying to shrink the ten tumors spread throughout her brain, but the cancer is inoperable, and devastatingly, terminal. Her biggest concern going forward is for her children, whose ages range from 20 to nine years old,
The quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, on the outskirts of Tokyo. Initially hesitant to go out in front of a crowd of zoo staff and visitors, they were encouraged by their mother, Cara, aged nine, to walk out of their cage. Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area. One accidentally fell into the play pool, and his brothers ran to the rescue.
Michelle Schwab, 38, charged with child endangerment at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. She faces six months in jail and a $1,000 fine. Schwab is an assistant director at KinderCare in Columbus, Ohio. She has three sons and a degree in therapeutic childcare. Visitors heard a scream at 3pm on Saturday and saw Schwab and her husband leaping into the pit to retrieve the child, who was treated for a leg injury.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program. Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland.
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry. The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Newport, South Wales. Shocked John immediately contacted Iceland who are currently investigating the matter. Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Charmain Speirs, 41, was found face-down in a bath in a hotel in Koforidua. Her husband Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with her murder. Mr Adushah is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. His defence lawyer claimed in court that Ms Speirs was a habitual heroin user.
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying the decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression That tweet was linked to a statement by E. Royster Harper, the school's vice president for student life, acknowledging that it was a mistake to call off the screening. The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location,ý
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both. There have even been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust lawsuit. Google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case, punctuating its denials with an animated GIF of a laughing baby as a jab at the news outlet that leveled the charge.
Police say they repeatedly told J.B. Silverthorn to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court on Monday night after they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' But the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. He was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail. He's currently being held in the Erie County jail with his bail set at $1,000.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. He was booked at MCI Cedar Junction in Walpole, Massachusetts, a prison just across the freeway from Gillette Stadium where he used to play for the New England Patriots. The booking process took about two hours, and was probably not the most comfortable of experiences. All new inmates receive a paper bag containing seven pairs of underwear and a specially-designed razor and pen that can't be used as a weapon.
Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts on Arundel Mills Boulevard in Hanover. An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. The woman, 21-year-old Palak Bhadreskumar Patel of Hanover, died at the scene, police said in a news release. Police said the investigation revealed that Patel's husband, Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, hit her multiple times with an object and then fled. They said that Patel has been charged with first-degree murder.
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico. 29-year-old was admitted to Hospital Quirurgico del Valle on March 20 while on holiday with her boyfriend, and died on the same day. It has now been revealed Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient just a year before her tragic death. Roseann Falcon Ornelas, 52, was given a tummy tuck by Dr Ramirez, and began complaining of shortness of breath just five hours after her operation. Dr Ramirez's certification had lapsed, and he has been stood down until after an investigation into Ms Sarm
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg and it was amputated at the joint. But an animal lover's appeal for help led to a South African tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb. BunnyCorp created specific design files which were then sent to Hybrid Advanced Geometries to be 3D printed.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon. It contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends. Shocked Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive' and demanded action from the clothing brand. River Island removed the book from their shelves and apologised to tweeters individually for the offence.
HBO drama Game of Thrones is about to begin its fifth series. Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes it has great female characters. Lena Headey has hinted that scheming Cersei Lannister may survive. Despite the massive death count, Kit Harington who plays Jon Snow has survived.
Christine Bleakley is a step-mother to Frank Lampard's daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine. The 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the Manchester City midfielder for five years. Says building a bond with his children has been a careful, 'well-thought-out process' Says she and Frank waited until they were sure of their long-term feelings for each other.
The 58-year-old actress took to her Twitter account on Wednesday to thank her supporters, one day after revealing she has breast cancer. On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank at Blackpool Beach. But when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble, those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help. Instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama.
Darius the rabbit measures 4ft 4in long and weighs three and a half stone. But his son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, has six months of growing to do. The rabbits' owner, Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, says she looks forward to the day when Jeff dwarfs his father.
Virginias Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. The Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
German police 'closely monitoring developments' in Hatton Garden case. They are keen to find out if any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid and whether it matches forensic samples found in a tunnel used in a £8.3 million robbery at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin. In a case which has strikingly similar traits to the £60m heist in London, thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in in January 2013.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit. He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013. His two passengers - brothers Haider and Taimur Kayani - were killed in the collision. THC acid in his blood indicated Yadav had been smoking cannabis only a few hours before the crash, and cannabis was found in his glove compartment.
The 'poison pen' letter was sent to an 'baby spamming' mother after the author got fed up with the amount of pictures and statuses she was writing on Facebook about her child. Jade Ruthven, 33, was so upset by the note that she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian Em Rusciano - who shared it with her thousands of followers on social media. The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about mother Jade's constant Facebook updates, adding: 'We can't wait for you to get back to work - maybe you won't have time to be on Facebook quite
Gao Yu, 71, jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners' She leaked a 2013 directive by the ruling Communist party to a Hong Kong media outlet. Document warns of the 'dangers' of multiparty democracy, independent media, 'universal' definitions of human rights and criticism of the party's historical record. Known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom, Gao went missing last April and resurfaced a month later admitting she had made a'mistake'
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence', according to French media. Mr Stefanini worked as number two to the French ambassador at the Vatican, the smallest country in Europe, between 2001 and 2005.
The classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons. The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April. The railway line was axed during Beeching's brutal cuts 50 year ago but has now survived.
Queen Margrethe of Denmark celebrated her 75th birthday on Wednesday. She was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45. The Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display. Danish prime minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt cut a dramatic figure in a sequinned black and nude dress.
The former Illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician. Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School. He was travelling on a Richmond to Reading train when he exposed himself. The woman began secretly filming him on her mobile phone. She asked her husband to meet her at Wokingham train station, where he confronted him. On June 30 2014 he was convicted of indecent exposure at Berkshire Magistrates' Court. He has now been banned from teaching for at least five years following hearing.
Children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV in their room as the animals react and play with them. Idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the US. Plans to sell a version for pet owners via Kickstarter next month.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of company Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal. Kevin Spacey is reportedly among celebrities paying out to have their name removed from one of the  '.sucks' domains. Taylor Swift has also had to spend defensively in the past to remove her name from '.porn' and '.adult' domains attacking her.
Gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove a reference to them as swindlers from the world's benchmark Spanish dictionary. Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy, which produces the definitive dictionary. The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the FBI had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of Eric Harris on April 2. Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted. Glanz also said Monday that action will be taken against two deputies at the scene, including one caught on video cursing at Harris as he lay dying.
Paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus, which lived around 75 million years ago. The researchers found numerous injuries on the skull, several of which appeared to match the teeth of tyrannosaurs. While some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs, others seem to have occurred after death. The findings help to shed light on the brutal world in which the dinosaurs inhabited.
Len Barnes shed three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile, suffering bouts of diarrhoea. Despite numerous courses of antibiotics during long spells in hospital, the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement. It was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant. Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie, 52, acted as donor. The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people.
Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief airs on HBO tonight at 9pm. Documentary claims members are forced to work 30-hour shifts, with around three hours of breaks, in a 'prison camp' Former member Sylvia 'Spanky' Taylor said she was sent to the Rehabilitation Project Force which, she claims, is where members are'reindoctrinated' The Church of Scientology has branded those who featured in the show as 'admitted' liars and perjurers.
A pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year, most recently on April 10. The men, who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads, have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police. However, the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the FBI to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week. Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising Middle East. Twitter has confirmed its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence. Spokesman said the cull was prompted in part by the 'large number of reports' received by online activists and members of the public.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, fell into a pool at her bachelorette party in May 2010 and was instantly paralyzed from the neck down. She is still able to conceive and carry a child but her blood pressure is too low. She and her fiancé Chris, 32, started exploring other options - and a friend from college, Laurel Humes, offered to be their surrogate. The baby will be born near Laurel's home in Asheville, North Carolina, four hours from the Chapmans. Despite the narrow odds, they conceived after the first try.
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has cited the Abbott government's 'troubled relations' with the Muslim community. The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat' It says the risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response. The report comes just a day after the news of the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama. The Australian was reportedly killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State.
A Savannah baby and a baby in Atlanta has been awarded $1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old. Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this years first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year at Memorial.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial. The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) teaches people to focus on the present moment. Study found patients on a MBCT course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants. This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in Washington. Authorities locked down the Suitland, Maryland campus just before 8pm Thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself inside. However, the shooter instead took some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street. Now police believe the suspect, only described as a man in his 30s or 40s, may even be tied to another shooting that occurred
A man in a 'distinctive' cartoon mask robbed a Christchurch dairy. He made off with the dairy's till and about $1500 in cash on Saturday. The offender, snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask, is described as being'very tall'
Survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four had sympathy for ISIS. Eight per cent agreed they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. One-third of all Muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-Muslims. One in five followers of Islam believe that British Muslims do not do enough to integrate into society.
The records for Robert Bates include certificates showing what training he received, job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008. Bates' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records Bates, of Tulsa, copied and kept for himself. Although there are time gaps in the documents provided, some of the records seem to indicate Bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses. Bates has said he mistakenly pulled out a handgun rather than a stun gun when he fatally shot Eric Harris on April 2 as he lay on the ground.
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices. It promises to turn light beer into craft after just two minutes of steeping. Despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target, the project has been criticised as being misleading about what constitutes as 'craft beer'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, claimed in a prison interview on Wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his teenage brother. He said he is a neo-Nazi who is concerned about the future of white children. The 20-year-old, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting Ron Lane. He also claimed to have killed three other people, including two in the Wayne County area.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation to create the unusual stunt. The process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope, and three days to set up. Biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course, and multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles.
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police that the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. Afterwards, she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him. According to a source, Weinstein appeared to confirm he groped the model during a phone call with the Italian national. The news comes as Weinstein's 38-year-old wife of eight years, Georgina Chapman, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City since the scandal broke.
Lexy Wood, 13, and her brother Nick, 16, disrupted a movie screening of Cinderella in Bessemer, Alabama. Her mother Kyesha Smith Wood posted a message on Facebook to find the woman and apologize. The post was shared thousands of times, prompting the mother in question, Rebecca Boyd, to write her a message. Mrs Boyd said that the apology and aftermath of the encounter'reminded me that there are still good people in the world'
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November. It is a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. The 11-year-old has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating as a result of his medication. JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms. The medication used to treat his condition means he can have severe reactions if he has direct contact with the sun.
Warren Rodwell was abducted from his home in the Philippines in December 2011. He was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him. Under Australian law, the survivors and families of victims of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation. But for that to happen, Prime Minister Tony Abbott would have to declare his kidnapping a terrorist event.
The popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic magazine as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby' For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis. Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. He would roll the agency into another department.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. Remains were found outside a residence in Franklin on Thursday morning, police said. The body has been sent to the Chief Medical Examiner's Office to be identified and to determine the cause of death. Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home; he says he was looking for AJ.
BBC's Political Editor announced at start of March that he would be taking some weeks off for treatment for a rare lung tumour. Last night he returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse the Labour's party's manifesto from the studio. Afterwards he tweeted: 'Good to be back on air. Don't worry about the voice. It doesn't hurt'
Al Qaeda-linked networks have altered their tactics since Snowden leaks. Extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers. Henry Jackson Society security think-tank has compiled evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world after the former CIA contractor leaked 1.7million classified documents.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital. She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced. The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it'
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul. She and six others were then taken to another village where they were raped. They met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for two months. The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and their captors warned they would soon suffer the same fate. Hanan managed to escape by jumping out of a bedroom window.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in a cave in Cantabria, Spain. Her body was found covered in sparkling red paint and adorned with flowers. Radiocarbon dating suggests she was aged between 35 and 40 when she was entombed. Her robust skeleton, which bore few signs of disease, and her elaborate funeral suggests she may have been of high status or even buried in a sacrificial ritual. Now the research looking at the dental calculus - hardened plaque - has helped to shed some light on her diet. Researchers found microscopic evidence that the woman had been eating sponge capped,
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with congenital biliary atresia, a liver condition. Mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save her son. But Xiao's body rejected the organ, leading to years of trips to hospital. Father Xiao Kunqing was also found to be a match, but surgeons warned against a second operation, saying it carried greater risks. But yesterday surgeons agreed to try a second transplant, and Xiao had 40 per cent of his liver removed and transplanted into his son.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks around the world last year, with three people killed in Australia and South Africa. Only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans, with Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks. So are there any simple precautions that can be taken to avoid a shark attack? And what should you do if you come into contact with one?
James Ritchie was voted into the job at the Tasmanian University Union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago. Despite his qualifications for the role and no gender specified in the job description, the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition. The university's Women's Collective had launched a petition on the website change.org to have Mr Ritchie removed from his role. The student union has now introduced a requirement that candidates sign a statutory declaration confirming they identify as female.
Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. The pet, who is also completely deaf, had the scan, last month after his owner Lynne Edwards from Huntington in Cambridgeshire, noticed a lump behind his ear. But when Alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back. She then took him to a local vet, where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns. Ms Edwards, 64, then discovered that a pad used to keep her dog warm
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes. Wiltshire Police have dropped an investigation into a vicious assault on a huntsman just three months after it took place. Mr Lane, who is joint master of the Tedworth Hunt, was sent flying to the ground, before being kicked in the head. He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth.
The capybara called JoeJoe has near 60,000 Instagram followers and lives in Las Vegas with his owner Cody Kennedy. The large rodent sits perfectly still in the bath while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body. A duckling falls from JoeJoes head and hits him in the eye on the way down, before splashing into the water.
The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien's fantasy books. At 1,000 square feet, the underground house has one king bedroom and a smaller guest room, plus custom-made wooden furniture. The 20-acre property near Trout Lake, Montana has decorative hobbit homes, fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house.
The cruise ship Carnival Spirit has been damaged outside Sydney Harbour this morning. Due to dock at 7:15 the ship is currently sitting off Sydney Heads. Waves of nine metres have been battering the ship for the past 24 hours. Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves. The ship is now waiting off the Sydney coast line until the port is re-opened.
Peter Garrett has put his familys Sydney home on the market for at least $1.05 million. The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May. The three bedroom terrace is set over two levels with a beautiful balcony off the master bedroom, looking out onto the street. The property has been exquisitely renovated and achieving a beautifully balanced blend of period charm and contemporary touches, according to Belle Property Randwick.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who don't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits. The controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government's pocket. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated putting them at risk of catching severe diseases.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they went missing on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health. Police questioned mother and daughter and now consider the case closed after releasing them. Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack as he was working on a Southampton barge.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant last Christmas. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant. But last week Mr Jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the operation and has just weeks to live. The couple have now quickly moved the wedding forward and are now set to become the first to marry in Torbay Hospital's chapel.
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason. Host Alex Trebek asked: 'In common law, the age of this, signaling adulthood, is presumed to be 14 in boys & 12 in girls?' It isn't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours. The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park. Venues in 15 cities in the US, UK, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Taiwan and the Philippines all participated.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right, but doctors decided to fit him with hearing aids as soon as possible. Last month, at nine-weeks-old, he was fitted with the hearing aids, and the amazing moment was caught on video. Elijah will now undergo a more serious set of tests in a few months, at about seven-months-old.
New book by former education journalist lays bare the little-known history. Winchester College experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th Centuries - one over beer rations. In 1851 Malborough College's 1851 rebellion coincided with Guy Fawkes Night and began with an explosion. In 1797 pupils at Rugby School took staff prisoner at sword-point and a local militia had to be raised to end the insurrection.
Mary Kay Letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, which resulted in two pregnancies. Audrey Fualaau, 17, was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998. Her sister, Georgia, 16, was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student. On the eve of the infamous couple's 10-year wedding anniversary, Letourneu and their two children, 17-year
Taronga Zoo's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday  a record sized 728kg pumpkin. The prize-winning pumpkins were presented to the elephants on Friday morning. This year grower Dale Oliver produced the largest pumpkin ever seen in Australasia. The pumpkins would normally be recycled as green waste after the show, but organisers were happy to see them served to some mammoth diners instead.
The Los Angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations. Founder Frederick Mellinger opened the pinup-inspired lingerie brand's first store in Los Angeles in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s. A decade later in 2000, his namesake company declared bankruptcy.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston, Texas, on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison. He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior. The 50-year-old was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto the balconies of his victims in Manchester. He asked 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours. Jailing him for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries. Judge Martin Rudland said he had 'deliberately targeted vulnerable women'
Alex Perry won't be presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The designer revealed in February that he would not be presenting a collection at the Sydney event this week. This is only the second Fashion Week the design powerhouse has missed in two decades. Perry said he was enjoying 'taking a breather' after focusing on his international efforts of late. He also plans to work on more TV projects in Asia for his fashion empire.
Sarah Wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living. Ms Wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the 'new depression' One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime. If you or someone you know needs help, don't hesitate to contact Beyondblue on 1300 224 636 or Lifeline 13 11 14.
Jay Kantaria, 38, had been looking forward to daughter's birthday party. He leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in north-west London. Died instantly of a severe traumatic brain injury and had to be identified from fingerprints. Coroner recorded an open verdict on cause of death, saying there was 'doubt' as to Mr Kantaria's intention.
Sarah Ivens wanted to have a baby after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite. She and husband Russell were financially secure and ready to start a family. But 11 months later, when her body was still not doing what she demanded, she got depressed, stressed and scared. Eventually, Russ and I conceived - naturally - but at the 13-week scan, the other horrific factor of late motherhood reared its ugly head. Our baby had severe chromosomal abnormalities and had zero chance of survival.
The inflatable, nicknamed Ba Di Doll, has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing city. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex. The doll, which has green hair and pink lips and wears jeans, can be entered through the right heel and exited via the left.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom. Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration as a medicine. However, studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south. He was arrested sleeping on Daytona Beach on Tuesday. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. When the judge repeatedly reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge of open murder,
Jean Wabafiyebazu, 17, was shot dead in Miami on March 30. His brother Marc, 15, is awaiting a grand jury decision on whether to charge him as an adult with murder. Details are now emerging about the lifestyle of the boys, privately-educated sons of a Canadian diplomat. Marc boasted to investigators that this raid was not their first. They would drive around Canada raiding homes and buying drugs, the younger boy has told investigators.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel. A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts reported for jury duty in Rockville, Maryland on Wednesday. The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. However, when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer.
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's Association held its annual photography competition. The competition asks for images that will illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the popular song at preschool. Was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom. She starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play, over the hills and far away' But as the rhyme continues - and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears. As she gets to the penultimate verse, she starts to sob with her arm across her face.
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in Colorado and Washington. 'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country' 'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement. Marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law. And the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it,' he added.
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, left her Summerville, South Carolina home for a date with a man she had met on messaging service Kik on the evening of April 3. Her sister, Brandy Chance, reported her missing the next day and went through her Kik account, where she found messages from a man who identified himself as Emoney Bon. But when she spoke with him, it emerged he was actually Edward Primo Bonilla. Bonilla told her he had kicked her out of the car around midnight. But surveillance video taken outside a Sunoco gas station on the
Photographs show the horrible airline passengers who carry on the unnecessary baggage. The images were posted on former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming. The page follows after Ms Kathleen, who worked as a flight attendant for seven years, started the group on Facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online. Fox told investigators that she decided to hurt Campbell because she did not want to be his girlfriend.
Christine Lillico, 47, was supposed to look after her elderly parents' bank accounts. But instead she stole almost £80,000 from them over a six year period. She spent some of the money on shopping sprees in B&Q and JD Sports. The money was also used to pay for photography services and an XBox. Her father was left in debt for the first time in his life because of her crimes. Newcastle Crown Court heard he was too poor to afford a telephone. Judge jailed her for 20 months and ordered she pay her brother £39,000.
The 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car. Her hairdresser noticed she had suffered minor burns on her scalp. Later that day the pensioner noticed her eye sight was blurred. A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her retina. It was eventually treated, via surgery, after two months of poor vision.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years, crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes. He began his epic voyage at Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days. Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported, and instead of a team carrying his equipment, he pushed it along himself in a buggy.
Ashton Wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems. During a failed settlement between the manufacturer, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Jeep, and Mr Wood, one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an 'apology' in a national publication. However, because no one would publish the apology, he will instead read it out on the ABC's 'The Checkout' tonight.
Former NFL running back Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate in a Central California prison, it has emerged. Phillips, who was jailed in 2005, is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game. On Monday, prison officials revealed he is suspected. of killing Damion Soward, a 37-year-old inmate from San Bernardino County serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child. His rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying. He then refused to leave the family house for years. But true happiness eventually found him in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot mother-of-three Kendra Gonzalez. She was driving in San Jose, California, in front of couple's two-year-old son. Police said Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off. Family members said eldest daughter was screaming: 'Don't kill my mom'
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane on Saturday. Locals are lining the streets with bunting and creating special-themed produce in many of the stories. Several business owners have already sent gifts to either Andy or his bride-to-be.
Sammy Griner, 8, is better known as the face of the 'Success Kid' meme - but his mother, Laney, took a photo of him on the beach when he was 11 months old. His father, Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before Sam was born and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis. To help raise awareness about her husband's need for a kidney, she turned to her son for help. She set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $75,000 her husband needs for the transplant and years of subsequent medications.
Hilary Wilson, 41, had a cardiac arrest during a Caesarean section. She 'died' for 11 minutes and was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival. When she woke up, she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth. She only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born. The mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery.
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday. Assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war. He was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said. His execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis, 31, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am, according to police. Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding, leaving the scene of a crash involving a death and DUI serious bodily injury.
Amy Murray, 23, of Brightlingsea, Essex, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the adult-only film. People sitting in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them. An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand. Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex. Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from his mother.
Tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest Instagram snaps to their profile. Firm's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to Facebook's site. Tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature. It is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look, expanding the number of interests people can add.
Marianne Power attended Robbins Unleash The Power Within seminar. Robbins charges $1 million to coach private clients and is the 'king' of the self-improvement world. Marianne has set herself a bizarre challenge to live by the rules of a different self-help guru each month. This month she chose that of Anthony Robbins.
Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed Jesus Family tomb in the citys East Talpiot neighbourhood. According to geoarcheologist Dr Shimron, the'son of God' was buried with nine other people, including Judah, son of Jesus and his wife, named Mary. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. Other experts and archaeologists have rejected the claim that the Jerusalem tomb is connected with Jesus at all.
Six men accused of exploding car bomb in Syrian city of al-Mayadin. Terrorist group claims they are soldiers fighting for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. One by one, they are marched to a wooden stump and killed in front of a large crowd of men and young boys. Footage cuts to shots of injured children and adults - allegedly from the car bomb the doomed men exploded.
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat. And he is in danger of finishing third, with Labour catching up fast. If poll is accurate, it could end Farages political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet.
The model contains more than 30,000 figures, and illustrates all the key moments of the battle which allowed the Duke of Wellington to defeat Napoleon's forces. It was built in the 1970s, but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the battle's bicentenary. The 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses, illustrating not just the major military events of theBattle of Waterloo.
Austin Carey, 23, and Jay Rawe, 25, were base-jumping in Idaho. Mr Carey and Mr Rawe's parachutes tangled and they plummeted 500ft to the ground. The pair were left with broken vertebrae and were told they may never walk again. But a year on both have returned to the sport they love and Mr Carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the Perrine Bridge.
The 63-year-old former air hostess has won a £14.5m London mansion from her 'immensely wealthy' Saudi Arabian ex-husband following a legal battle at the High Court. The property, in north west London, which has'superb views' over a London park, was one of five properties which the successful property developer bought during the couple's 14-year marriage. The couple's main marital home had been a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, for which 40 members of staff were employed. But, after their divorce, the woman -
Sarah Foot says her love of open water began on Hampstead Heath. She has taken her to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. The poet Byron called the experience a buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion For her, the most perfect swim of all is in Scotland, off the Hebrides.
The Maticevski show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests. Each front row guest was given an $899 Lenovo tablet with their gift bag. Jessica Mauboy, model Maddison Brow, and GQ editor Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne. Ms Milne questioned why The Australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable. Mr Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia' 'You're a minority,' Mr Clarke fired back. The inquiry panel heard that the Australian arms of technology giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are being audited.
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill, and 46 who experienced natural cycles. They found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception. The findings suggest the synthetic hormones found in the Pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function. It is thought to suppress the natural hormones that occur when women take the Pill.
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey. As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce. America's favorite supermarket, taking first place, is New York-based Wegmans. Publix came in second place followed by Trader Joe's, Fareway Stores and Market Basket.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal are believed to have traveled to Syria. The pair from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, have not been in contact with their families for several days and cannot be reached on their mobile phones. Hassan is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi, who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 back in 2006. He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image. The snap has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused on hygiene. Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, best known for his roles on Third Watch, Sons of Anarchy and ER.
Silvia, star of My Extraordinary Pregnancy, suffered from pica. Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. During her third pregnancy Silvia wanted to eat rocks. Her obstetrician says that pica can be very dangerous when eating rocks.
Martynas Kupstys, 26, was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics. He was mistakenly let of jail by bungling prison staff in August 2014. The killer posted a video of himself brandishing a meat cleaver on Facebook. He also uploaded a photograph of himself standing beside a waxwork of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores' The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee, milk and ice.
Waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest, near Taiwan. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage in the Taiwan capital. Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said in a statement that 'based on all the available data... there is no tsunami threat from this earthquake'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday. His body was returned to Baghdad today and delivered to the Ministry of Health. Crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 'King of Clubs' who was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis. He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal memorabilia for 40 years. Her collection now includes a £1,200 Wedgwood bust of Prince Charles. She has four rooms in her terraced home dedicated to different royals. The mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as 'a labour of love'
Retired Major General Alastair Duncan is in a psychiatric unit following a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode four months ago. He was given the drug Lariam before a deployment to Sierra Leone. Since 2008, 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues after having been prescribed Lariam. The drug has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects.
Fight broke out on boat carrying 105 African migrants from Libya to Sicily. Witnesses say 12 men 'professing the Christian faith' were thrown to their deaths. Group of 15 Muslim men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' Italian police were informed of alleged attacks by Nigerian and Ghanaian survivors upon their arrival in Palermo, Sicily yesterday.
Christy Mack, 23, was allegedly beaten by Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, 33, on August 8, 2014. She was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib. Now, nine months later, she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing reparative dental work. She claims the attack was the climax of an abusive on-off relationship with MMA fighter, known professionally as War Machine. He has been charged with attempted murder and will be tried this fall.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the venue intended for her wedding. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. Her body was found by found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder.
With temperatures creeping up, lets celebrate with some ice cream. In fact, why not make your own? The choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. Mandy FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street. The Swan Come Dine With Me Ice Cream & Gelato maker is best for dinner parties.
William has created a secluded retreat for Kate, George and their new arrival at Anmer Hall, in North Norfolk. Royal aides have confirmed that the Cambridges will head to Anmer after the birth (they will spend the first night at Kensington Palace) Kates mother, Carole, will help with childcare and housekeeping.
The Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's largest warship, has a deck spanning 14,700sqft. Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck. The ingenious crew members fitted an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor, before fitting the front end with a diffuser. The vehicle is then driven up and down the 1,000ft-long deck, sending debris overboard.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared. Most experts placing its formation at about 3 million years ago. New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier. The researchers base their estimate on the presence of small grains of a mineral called zircon unearthed in ancient river bedrock in northern Colombia that originated in Panama.
The rampant Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour. Detailed constituency surveys suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout. Jim Murphy, its Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, its chief election strategist, are among those on course to lose their seats. Survey suggests Labour could lose all 41 seats it won in 2010. There are 59 seats in Scotland.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, had been out to eat and were on their way back into the Hotel Don Pancho in Benidorm. CCTV footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket while her accomplice attempts to block the view of Mrs Ogden. After the pickpocket in purple sneakily handed the wallet to her cohort, the Ogdens followed the crooks out of the hotel and got the wallet back.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, has naturally curly hair. But home colouring has left it dry and out of condition. Taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle. We sent Deborah to the Taylor Ferguson salon in Glasgow for the Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment. It promises frizz-free hair for up to four months.
Scientists at the Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. Clinical trials revealed the treatment resulted in a 300-fold decrease in the amount of HIV virus in sufferers' blood. The antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online on Saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. 'In my view the question of legalizing marijuana should be a question for the states. Now personally I don't support legalization,' Cruz said.
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Avivs Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. The Chelsea owner, who frequently visits Tel Aviv on business, is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres. It consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites, and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens.
Rogue staff misled Financial Ombudsman over payment protection insurance complaints. They deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold PPI, or they lied about not being able to trace documents. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing which took place between May 2011 and July 2013.
Baltimore Police have used secret cellphone surveillance equipment 4,300 times since 2007, a court heard. A detective from the department said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people. The details resemble the original plot of HBOs hit series The Wire, the crime drama based in the same city.
The winter of 2014-15 won't be easily forgotten in Boston after the endless snow broke countless records. Vlad Tarasov couldn't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District. The one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow.
Lib Dem leader said there was a'very real danger' that Ukip and DUP could hold Mr Cameron to 'ransom' in the event of a second hung Parliament. Mr Clegg's remarks come after Mr Farage held out an olive branch to the Prime Minister last night. Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister.
As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. He also said he wants to see her vision for addressing income inequality. While he said Clinton has a very progressive history, he noted that the income inequality in the U.S. is 'out of control' and that it has to be addressed.
The kite, dubbed 'centipede with a dragon's head', was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival last Saturday in Chongqing in south-western China. But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs a whopping 200 kilograms - could not be flown.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park near East Grinstead was built in the 1880s. It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain built on the design of Victorian houses in India. The property has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite. Historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to protect its heritage.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year. The Emmy-winning TV judge just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years. She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television.
The 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released PSA for the Center of Reproductive Rights. Jemima says she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure. She has since given birth to a daughter named Rafella Israel Mosberg. In a 2012 episode of Girls, Jemima's character Jessa booked herself in for an abortion.
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter's Oregon City home. He was pronounced dead the next day. The state medical examiner's office concluded the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy. No arrests have been made in the incident and investigators are still looking into what led up to Izaak's injury.
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on CNN.com, political news site Breitbart.com and gaming site IGN.com. They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs), and other users dubbed Never-B banned Users (NBUs) Trolls are less likely to use positive words than other users, they swear more, and use less tentative or conciliatory language such as 'could', 'perhaps', or 'consider' In terms of activity, the study found that trolls make more comments each day, and post more times on each thread
Jondrew Magil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home. The 17-year-old girl was arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized and the corpse of a three- year-old child was found at the house. The unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on Monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services. The girl told investigators the child survived on watered-down baby formula. L
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. Poles are waiting to see if Comey would issue an apology  something that hadn't happened by late Monday. Comey's comments are particularly offensive to Poles not only because they had no role in running Auschwitz and other death camps where Jews were murdered during World War II. In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians.
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. If true, the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation. The megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia. It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level. Chunks of volcanic rubble jut out up from the stepped hillside, which
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station. She denied assaulting the two workers, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman. But Hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Sheldon Nadelman, 80, worked at Terminal Bar in Midtown Manhattan from 1973 to 1982. He would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning for three shots of cognac before going out to walk the streets. The bar's clients included a combination of gay men, cross-dressers, actors and alcoholics who mingled together in a neighborhood described as the 'dirtiest, wildest, toughest anywhere' His amateur work, which includes thousands of portraits, has been digitized by his son Stefan.
Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.95 ($45) It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores, and will play any 3D movie. Immerse is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching and has adjustable head straps and lenses. Other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view' The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm)
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures in the ocean. The intrepid divers from San Diego, California, have made it their life mission to take snaps with everything from turtles, puffer fish to sting rays.
Dutch-led team also found personal possessions including jewellery after the plane was downed by a suspected Russian-made BUK missile. MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror. Relatives of Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai, 45, whose husband and son were also killed, called for urgent action to clear the site.
Emma Dickson, 31, developed blood clots in her pelvis and lungs. The clots then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. This caused fluid to accumulate between the lungs and chest wall. As this fluid collected, Mrs Dickson's left lung then collapsed. Doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill, which contains a synthetic version of oestrogen.
Homeless Period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets and their monthly cycle. A campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who slept rough in Brixton for six months and was forced to use 'ripped up cloth' as a makeshift sanitary towel. Oliver Frost, Josie Shedden and Sara Bakhaty wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them on streets of London.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham, Washington in 1995. Elmore claimed his constitutional rights were violated at trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably.
Brad Reynolds, 38, is TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions in just five years. He averages nearly two reviews a day and has posted reviews from 394 cities and 46 countries. The Oklahoma native has visited 34 per cent of the world and travelled more than 600,000 miles.
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper ceased production in 2003. It's expected to be an electric vehicle with batteries stashed beneath the floor. A small electric motor will drive its front wheels. The placement of the motor and batteries will allow designers to borrow aspects of the original 1950s design. Engineers are currently working on the concept car and Dr Neusser said that the design will go into production if its financially viable.
Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office. 'And, you know, perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added. Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more time working with governors & Congress rather than attacking them'
The Sleep Cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases. It uses the phone's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase, using a pre-defined 30-minute alarm window. Using statistics from the Sleep Cycle alarm app, researchers have discovered that the earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. While on Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. The best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a Wednesday night. More than half (58 per cent) of the countries
Clinicians in an impossible situation as a result of King familys flight to Spain after disagreeing with doctors. Ashya was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad without telling staff last year. They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing. On Thursday, security footage was shown for the first time, revealing the details of the distressing altercation. Patrick received a single blow to the head during an argument with his brother Barry. Magistrate Graeme Curran said a jail sentence was likely, explaining 'the issue is whether or not I suspend a prison term' Barry could spend up to two years in a Sydney jail.
Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO flying through the sky. Veteran pilot said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds. He said the UFO initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a 'giant red ball' The experienced airman said most pilots have reported similar sightings.
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks for booking. Police say the woman from Shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence. At the scene, MacDonald told responding officers that she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions down on a legal note pad in her car. But when officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she posted a.
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off risperidone before her daughter Zaani was born late last year. Four days after giving birth, she walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital. Police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the Clifton suspension bridge. Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by. Miss Bevan is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems.
The 25-year-old athlete was found guilty Wednesday of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours spread over seven days deliberating Hernandezs fate before returning a guilty verdict. But the former Patriots tight-end will back in front of a judge later this year, this time in Boston, to face murder charges in the killings of Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safirdo Furtado, 28. On July 16, 2012, the
Police are urging witnesses of a middle-aged woman's offensive public transport tirade at a Muslim woman to come forward. Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train around 1:40pm on Wednesday afternoon. Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence. A police spokeswoman contacted Daily Mail Australia on Thursday to say they would 'definitely encourage' witnesses of the incident.
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi, a celebrity preacher in Iran, made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country. He also warned that if women did not wear the hijab properly, they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual. Homosexuality is punishable by death in the state, with gay people forced to hide their sexuality.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. Kim Kardashian shared a snap of herself decorating colourful baskets. Myleene Klass posted a picture of her daughters on an Easter egg hunt. Fearne Cotton shared pictures of the beautiful flowers sent to her by mother-in-law.
Chimpanzees in Kibale National Park in Uganda have learned to look both ways before crossing a busy asphalted road. It is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to adapt their behaviour to adapt to busy roads. Researchers say the spread of road infrastructure in Africa is posing a growing threat to wildlife in many countries.
Horrified guests dived for cover as the groom's brother lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital Riyadh. Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of Saudi Arabia. The 30-second clip, believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone has been viewed nearly 140,000 times.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed celebrity chef Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water. Ms Skinner said she was 'highly disappointed' to see the My Kitchen Rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he had no expertise. Evans has responded to the Health Minister's concerns, saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation. He has also been under fire for endorsing the Paleo diet which cuts out dairy, cereal and processed meats.
They announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in March 2014. And over a year later Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, and Chris Martin, 38, have finalized their divorce, according to a report from TMZ. The documents are reportedly signed and will be filed on Monday. The settlement is confidential but insiders claim there were no big problems with money or custody of their two children 10-year-old Apple and Moses aged nine.
Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Anna Wintour and the entire Beckham brood turned out at the London in Los Angeles event. Christopher Bailey's meteoric rise through the ranks at Burberry hit new heights after the Yorkshire-born designer was named CEO at just 42-years-old back in 2013.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing his body in a suitcase and dumping it in woods in Kircaldy, Fife. His death came just six months after he was returned to her care following more than a year with foster carers. Social workers also visited the family a number of times over two years. But review into whether the social care teams involved with the family could or should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it 'could not have been predicted'
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in the north-western Turkish city of Istanbul. Witnesses said it was a'miracle' that friend Adem Kilic, 31, who is in a critical condition in hospital, survived the horror crash. The Lamborghini ploughed across the highway into oncoming traffic before smashing head-on into a car coming the other way.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two books about growing up in a family riddled with depression, alcoholism and suicides. Her grandfather, Ernest Heming Way, killed himself just months before Mariel was born in 1961. Mariel's elder sister, Margaux, a beautiful fashion model and actress, also suffered from depression and in 1996 at the age of 42, she died from an overdose of sedatives. Her younger sister, Muffet, used to be a heavy drug user and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Madeline Luciano, 40, was fired from PS 18, in Manhattan, last June. She is said to have looked on as pupils wrote nasty words on board. But she claims she was trying to teach them to be kind to each other. Says she is the victim of 'injustice' and wants her job back.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. Mr Besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising. A number of 'edged weapons' - including knives and swords - were seized at some
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005. She has modelled for Myer, Macy's, David Jones, Bloomingdale's and Asos to name a few brands. Wells said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions.
Shadow chancellor said he would not allow SNP to dictate a deal at England's expense. Ed Miliband has insisted Labour will not form a coalition with the SNP. But he has so far stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration. More than half of Scots plan to back the SNP in the general election.
Steve Miller has devised a five-point plan to tackle Britain's obesity crisis. The former Fat Families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. His demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Chief Greg Suhr announced Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer' Authorities say that the offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men were sent between 2011 and 2012. The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the deal Wednesday, saying the thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009. The company also arranged travel for Saudi officials, including a 20-night trip with stops in Beirut, Casablanca, Dubai, New York and Paris.
The Langbord family found the valuables in a bank deposit box for Joan's father Israel Switt, a Philadelphia jeweler. The government believed that Switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933. Nearly half a million of the coins were minted in 1933, though almost all were melted and a surviving coin sold for $7.6million in 2002. The coins were never released to the public after President Franklin Delano Roosevelt switched the US off the gold standard.
Researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across Wales. In all, 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed about their use of e-cigarettes. Experts at Cardiff University found use at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London. Said it had broken the rules in 105 different ways, including'social selection' The state-funded school was ordered to revise its admissions policy. Watchdog said it was biased against working-class and non-Catholic children. But High Court judge branded the decision by the watchdog 'flawed'
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. During the latest incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside.
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey. It is produced in late spring by the bees in her Wiltshire garden. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania. He spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill. In Lithuania he is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion. European Court of Human Rights criticised his'manifestly ill-founded' case. Judge Guido Raimondi said: 'The court considers that this complaint is manifestly illfounded and must be rejected'
Cocktail sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail near Hailsham. They were so packed with poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. Sussex Police have warned dog owners to be aware when out walking. Dogs that have been poisoned may show the following symptoms.
WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE. Video of the February 19 incident emerged on Tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in Marana, northwest of Tucon, with a rifle. Local police chief Terry Rozema spoke out on Wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary. 'That very well may be... that it's luck that he is still alive,' Rozema said.
L'Ardéchoise site is in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France. It's not advertised as 'glamping' but with big duvets and brass beds, Eurocamp's Safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas. With four pools and a camp 'animateur' organising activities for little ones, it didn't disappoint.
Woman, 84, was helping her husband park when he accelerated into her. She suffered a serious head injury, as well as injuries to her throat and legs. One onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood' She was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton. She remains in a critical but stable condition.
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway when she slipped and fell. The 27-year-old was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka. The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with his mother Ceri, nine, sister Antonia and brother Gerwyn, 19, in the ski resort of Flaine. It is thought he entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel. He skied 100 yards off-piste, where trees were just a yard apart. Unable to weave through, he took his skis off and is thought to have started sliding on his bottom or running. He continued 400 yards until he plunged off the side of the mountain and fell 164ft.
In June, It's made today, sold today slogan, was deemed misleading by the Federal Court. It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough. The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million for Coles.
Prasanna Nick Arulchelvam jumped through an open side door of their van. But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away. A customer in the Costco car park in Watford where the incident happened reported hearing a nasty crunch as the 34-year-olds head hit the floor. The man who pushed Mr Prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years after admitting all he wanted was a few cheap packets of cigarettes
Photographs show four men being interviewed by ISIS militants in Mosul. They are then dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. The savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft. It typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis.
More than 231 million immigrants live around the world, according to new data. More than 7.8 million of these live in the UK and Northern Ireland. U.S., Russia, Germany, Saudi Arabia, UAE, UK and France also have high numbers. Countries with fewest immigrants include Morocco, Mongolia and Greenland.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel, which runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills, was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks. But engineers are due to visit the 3,148m tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S. It would also mean cyclists could retrace the route where steam locomotives carried coal from the Rhond
The Randolph, in Oxford city centre, went up in flames this afternoon. Smoke was seen billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control. The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear. The five-star hotel, run by the Macdonald chain, includes the Morse Bar. It was used as a frequent setting for many scenes where Morse and Lewis deliberated on complex cases.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland is charged with homicide. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered them to end it. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said. Barnes confessed to stabbing her mother in the neck multiple times.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The report comes almost two years after over 1,100 Bangladeshi garment workers died when the Rana Plaza factory collapsed.
Video captured by William Bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson Alex. Shows the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. First of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines. As the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died penniless in 1909. Records reveal she died at the Graylingwell Hospital in Chichester, Sussex. She was suffering from dementia and'senile mania' at the time of her death. Cornforth was considered one of his'stunners' - women he kept in his company as lovers and models.
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's four-year-old twins Gideon and Harper love seafood and spices. David, a personal chef and graduate of the famed Le Cordon Bleu cooking school, does most of the cooking at the Harris-Burtka home in New York City.
177 fire engines and 829 firefighters battled the blaze at the Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province. Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids and no signs of contamination of the environment. The plant manufactures paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group. His story was revealed as refugees in Yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since ISIS seized control of 90 per cent of the camp.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945. He struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of Belsen, his family said today.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in the holiday hotspot of Alicante on the Spanish coast. They were arrested as part of Operation Captura, a drive launched in 2006 by National Crime Agency, Crimestoppers and Spanish authorities.
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week the Tory leader travelled to all four home nations. He has also had to wade into a number of arguments, defending outspoken ministers, and even got into a muddle over cream teas.
Minister of State for External Affairs V.K Singh found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media. Friends what do you expect from presstitutes&. Gen. Singh tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the Pakistan High Commission on the occasion of Pakistan's national day.
Meter Maids started in 1965 to stave off bad publicity associated with parking meters on the Gold Coast. The controversial move involved young women dressed in gold bikinis walking the main tourist strip and placing money into expired meters. Local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not always displayed. They believe Meter Maids are violating the council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times in October last year. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. He rang an ambulance after the attack and admitted what he had done. Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife from jail. He asked her to 'get my things together' before for his trial.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took some time off work to spend with her children. But said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering. Mother-of-three is married to Phillip Davies, the owner of online auction business Flogit4u. The couple have a daughter aged two and sons aged four and six.
Elijah McCrae was diagnosed with a fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) He was born strong, before becoming'very floppy' His parents, Jessica and Andrew, were devastated when he was diagnosed. They created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son. The first item ticked off the list was a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show. Elijah died in his mother's arms on Monday evening.
Boeing's 'Space Bins' can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s. Designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines. Boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags  two more than the current set-up. So far two airlines  Delta and Alaska  have ordered the new bins, which can be installed on existing 737s.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade, a rocky area at the base of the cliff. The university graduate had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. The trio got out of the taxi to use an ATM before making a run for it. Mr Phillips ran off into the pitch black and fell down a cliff.
Latvian-based Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03. It runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack driving six YASA-400 electric motors. It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h) The car is set to compete in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in June.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents, solicitor Lisa Hommel and her GP father Laurence, struggled to treat her condition. The inquest also heard that Miss Hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors, making them think she was not a suicide risk. Westminster Coroner Fiona Wilcox recorded a verdict of suicide.
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her wheelchair in June 2011. Her carer Gail O'Rorke, 43, has been charged with helping her to kill herself. The taxi driver has pleaded not guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court. Ms Forde was confined to a wheelchair in 2008 after suffering substantial injuries in a car accident in the car park of department store Brown Thomas in Dublin. She had three liver operations and had both her knees shattered.
At 5ft 7in, the 39-year-old Oscar-winner wears a roomy size-nine shoe. Average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a six today. Kate is endearingly frank on the subject, telling interviewers that Titanic co-star Leonardo DiCaprio found the size of her feet hilarious.
Larissa Knipe moved into Leanne Bourne's home when she was 17. The pair were spending increasing amounts of time together. Ms Bourne became suspicious but, believing that her sister would do nothing to hurt her, stayed quiet. Then, a few months later, Larissa revealed she was pregnant and claimed not to know who the father was.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage. Follows heavy defeats at Tikrit in Iraq and the costly siege of Kobane. The media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group's defeats or internal problems. Specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of ISIS fighters, have been deemed by ISIS as a breach of online security.
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19. She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. Dais was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early twenties. But the parasites returned when she became a mother.
The federal government will give Shoshana Hebshi $40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. armed agents forced her from a plane at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit. 'I filed this lawsuit because I didn't want others to experience the kind of unnecessary trauma that I did,' he said.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother from Kent were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm in their new Nissan Infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand. Reece told police that he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water. The wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand, so they were unable to move. Police officer Kyle Watson had to force the door to the car open because the car had sunken so far into the sand and led the family up the beach. They were
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race. President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep only interrupted by claiming bronze with Team GB's men's eight at London 2012.
Three teenagers have been charged with the vicious bashing of a father and his daughter on the streets of NSW. The attackers, two aged 15 and one aged 14, were arrested by police on Friday. The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal. Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night when they were attacked.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth. While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife. Here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
Phillip and Gaby Beckle-Raymond bought their home for £325,000. When they sprung a small leak, they called in a builder to fix it. But after removing all the tiles, he said the roof structure was unsound. He suggested they use the opportunity to expand their home and add value to the property by adding a loft conversion. The couple paid a £7,000 deposit for the work and used a sub contractor. After the sub contractor began to work on their home, the first builder then disappeared. As a result, rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse.
The modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock, which he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea. It has been part of a trial at the Royal Observatory, in Greenwich, to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true. The clock has since been certified by the Guinness World Records.
Tories launch poster campaign showing Sturgeon manipulating a puppet Labour leader. Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: The only way that Ed Miliband might crawl through the gates of No10 now is if hes carried there by the SNP. Nicola Sturgeon would pull the strings and demand weaker defences, more spending and unaffordable welfare handouts. It would be a disaster
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland. The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up. However, she received a handwritten apology from the boy responsible. It included a Ben & Jerry's gift card and was signed 'Jack'
Prince Ottaviano deMedici di Toscana is aiming to reclaim the city. He has proposed adding Florence, already a World Heritage City, to UNESCO's endangered list. The Save Florence campaign aims to appeal to 'true travellers' rather than tourists blitzing the city in a few hours.
New Yorker Amanda Chatel explained in an essay that she is pushing for 'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country. The law was first passed in California in 2014 and defines consent as 'affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity' from each partner.
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault, simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her 21-year-old wheelchair-bound son in a wooded park. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground, 10 feet from his wheelchair. The son was hospitalized with dehydration, malnutrition, a cut
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. Philip lost his job as a gardener following a stomach operation. Victoria took on more hours as a shop assistant but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut. But thanks to the kindness of Jason Jackiw, a Manchester business owner who heard about the heartbreaking story on a TV programme, Philip has been thrown a lifeline.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL before he was arrested for the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013. The 25-year-old was captain of his high school football team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year. A 2013 Rolling Stone article claimed that he maintained gang affiliation - and even allegedly got a Bloods gang tattoo. As his career wore on, he became more distant from his family and closer with his alleged gang friends, Rolling Stone claimed. He also began smoking the hallucinogen PCP, or angel dust.
Slipper Island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island, has been purchased for AUD $6.75 million. The 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer Wendy Wei Mei Wu. The sale has divided the Needham family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's legacy' The island is currently used by day-trippers and school camp users, and the cabins can be rented from between $250-$750 a night.
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2007. She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Her sister, Dannii, now 20, helped her mother care for her throughout her teenage years, and became her full-time carer last year. In December 2014, Stacey was told her tumour, called an astrocytoma, had grown. The family, who live in Much Hadham, Hertfordshire, began to process this frightening news, wondering what treatment Stacey would now have to undergo. But they then suffered another shock
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. She was told she only had between nine months to three years to live. The mother of two lost her battle to cancer last Thursday morning at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. Four days before she died, her husband Ronny and their two daughters Symantha, 40, and Kelly, 38, noticed her ring was missing from her finger. The family has launched a desperate online appeal in a bid to have their mother's ring returned. Jewellery store SA Gold Diggers in Salisbury, South Australia has offered a $1000 reward for anyone providing
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from a North Carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate in June 1972. Moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive. Moore suffers from several medical conditions and cannot walk, but because he has no Social Security card of any form of ID, he has been unable to receive medical treatment. I need to make this right and get through this, Moore was quoted as saying.
Adrian Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair. Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha  an Appenzeller mix according to the owner. The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind and the camera angle changes to show the skiers descent.
SNP surge since independence puts Labour on course to lose dozens of seats. Only 24% of Scots planning to vote for Mr Miliband in general election. Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', TNS said. Labour and SNP have clashed on Ms Sturgeon's call for full fiscal autonomy for Scotland.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday. Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama the citizens of her country loved him, and she loved him as well. President Obama signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties as he prepared for his encounter with President Castro.
Trevor Noah has separated from long term girlfriend Dani Gabriel after the pair had a heart to heart about his future plans. Noah has known Gabriel for at least four years and its believed they began dating early in 2014. The comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour. But following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with Comedy Central  the producers of The Daily Show  it was clear Noah's career was about to explode. Despite the split Gabriel is still right behind Noah as he takes over from Jon Stewart in the biggest
The payout by Maricopa County, which was revealed on Wednesday, comes after it emerged that Patrick Morrison continued to assault the mentally-disabled girl, his niece, and even got her pregnant. Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007. Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece Sabrina Morrison in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her. Even though the kit showed traces of semen, the sheriff's deputies did
Lily Sharp, who lives in the UK, decided to play a joke on her mother. She pretended she had been kidnapped by an intruder in their home. She then told her mother that the kidnapper would require £4000 for her return. Her mother was not amused and ended the conversation swearing at her daughter.
Vin Loss, 24, has 24 tattoos on his face and others on his arms, neck, chest, legs, and stomach. The Montreal-based model has landed a campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model that showcases his body art. He hopes to one day become the most famous man in the world.
Manchester City Ladies lost 1-0 to Arsenal in the Women's Super League. Jill Scott was sent off for an apparent headbutt on Jade Bailey. The England international apologised for the incident after the game. City manager Nick Cushing described Scott's actions as 'out of character' and said the incident will be dealt with.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan has revealed the details of his romantic proposal to his girlfriend, Perth lawyer Naomi Bass. The smitten couple were holidaying in Japan and were out for a walk one evening when Bass mentioned how the beautiful setting among the cherry blossom trees would be perfect for a proposal. The proposal took place in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in Perth.
The watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm Goldgenie and are part of their Apple Watch Spectrum Collection. The extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum and your choice of strap - including python skin. One version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of other smaller diamonds in the strap. The Apple Watch will go on sale in Apple shops and selected department stores on April 24.
Poets House is a three-minute walk from the cathedral in Cambridgeshire. There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. The floors are given over to black-and-white squares with embedded stars. The main dining room is a more formal affair with crisp, white tablecloths.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles early Sunday. Valles' clothes had begun to burn as Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car and pulled him down onto the safety of the interstate service road. While the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March. While rabbits under one year old have a higher chance of surviving, about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected. The program has been implemented annually for the last nine years.
Paul Simon's latest release, The Ultimate Collection, beat albums from more youthful musicians such as Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith. It is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since The Rhythm of the Saints in 1990. The greatest hits record includes 19 tracks from Simons 50-year career, including Mrs Robinson and The Only Living Boy in New York.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with the Manchester United defender at a Christmas party for the team. But the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer. Now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal Ms Watson's party girl lifestyle. In one, she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of an unknown white power in Las Vegas. In another, a scantily clad Ms Watson is seen making a V-sign as she poses on the bonnet of a police car.
Johanna Powell, from Cardiff, was on holiday in Laos with three friends. The 37-year-old was reported missing after a cruise boat she was in hit a rock. Crew, tour guide and other passengers swam to safety, but Ms Powell disappeared in the strong current. Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the Mekong river to try and find her, in one of the most isolated parts of the country. A body has been recovered, but it has not yet been identified.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11 grams to 114g. The popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer, Burtons Biscuit Company, which is responsible for the changes. The ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed shrinkflation In most cases, the price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut, however in some rare examples the change comes with a price rise.
Bryan Stow was beaten and left for dead outside the LA Dodgers' stadium. The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months. Louie Sanchez and Marvin Norwood were jailed for eight and seven years respectively. Mr Stow has been left permanently brain damaged and has short-term memory problems. He was awarded $18 million compensation but has not received any due to legal delays.
TV presenter and motorcycle racer Guy Martin is facing a police probe. He boasted of reaching speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone while reviewing the new Aston Martin. The 33-year-old wrote a review of the Vanquish Carbon Edition supercar after test driving it on the Isle of Man's TT course. He wrote of how he pressed the accelerator 'flat to the floor' before seeing the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of Sulby. However, after the review was published earlier this month, police confirmed they are looking into the incident.
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing. Leonore Sears, 53, has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage. The ceremony, in Murrays home town, Dunblane, is being hailed as the event of the year.
Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday. He was taken to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas. His parents said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke. His grandfather, Hall of Fame college men's basketball coach Jerry Tarksanian, died in February, aged 84.
Labour leader pledges to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers. Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages, he said. A new unit of 100 staff would work with Gangmasters Licensing Authority, specialist police units and Home Office enforcement staff, he added. But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Mr Miliband's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration.
Topshop and Topman is set to launch a second store in NSW at Westfield Miranda on Thursday 16th April. In a nod to it's English heritage, the brand will pull out all stops,chauffeuring fashion influencers in London black cabs in the lead up to the event. An exclusive limited edition 'Boutique' line will also debut featuring designer collaborations as loved by celebrities such as Cara Delevingne and Beyonce.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on rim of toilet in Hefei Xinqiao International Airport. Airport officials said he had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat. But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of the murder of her mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack. She has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison. Yasona Laoly, Indonesias Justice and Human Rights Minister, called in unexpectedly. He checked on the conditions in her cell, which she shares with eight other prisoners. He has offered Mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for it.
A crowd of students from Northwest Prep Academy descended on a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday. Orden Williams Jr. asked the teens to be quiet, and soon after was sucker punched and attacked. Williams ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens. On Wednesday police made their first arrest, and apprehended 19-year-old Joe Brittman.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were awarded a collective $1.6million from an Ohio court on Friday. The brothers served a collective 66 years in prison for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975. They were convicted after a 12-year-old said that he saw how Franks was murdered. Ricky Jackson, 58, was the longest serving person ever exonerated after his 1975 conviction. He was released last year after the prosecution's star witness recanted his testimony.
Gizzi Erskine, 35, poses with pet cat Kimchi in cat magazine Puss Puss. Admits her fussy feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. Says Kimchi has such a discerning palate he loves crunchy 'human food'
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/H zone last year. But he won't say who was behind the wheel. He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty. The transgender boy has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child. He has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. A child wishing to change gender has to apply to the Family Court for this second stage of treatment after they have first taken puberty blocking hormones.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members, along with campers around the surrounding areas.
Toby Perkins is deputy chairman of the Labour election campaign. Email reveals interns are paid just £25 per week for 12-hour shifts. Labour's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class Britons. Lib Dem Julia Cambridge, who is running against Mr Perkins, said it'smacks of utter hypocrisy'
In the past 40 years, reports suggest the North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average. And with further warming predicted over the coming century, fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species. Researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the Met Office. From this they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish, such as haddock and plaice, could fall as North Sea warms.
Kazi Islam, 18, met Harry Thomas, 19, at Barking and Dagenham College. The pair began talking about buying 'ingredients' for a pipe bomb, court told. Islam used 'cake' as code for 'bomb' in messages to friend, jury told. But Thomas, who had learning difficulties, failed to understand his ruse. Islam is accused of preparing for acts of terrorism at the Old Bailey.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales. Their West Highland terrier Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea. Mr Rickard said: 'Her head went under the water, it was horrendous' Daisy was pulled from the water by a passing fisherman who hooked a pole through her collar.
Jarret Stoll, 32, was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and Molly at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday. Stoll is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews, 36. Andrews was seen being visited by a friend at the home she reportedly shares with Stoll the day after he was arrested. The couple broke off their engagement just seven weeks before they were supposed to be married.
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash. Only a year before, he had walked her down the aisle to give her away to her husband, Malcolm Webster, from Surrey. Peter, from Gillingham, Kent, believed Claire had died in an accident. It took two decades for the truth to be revealed - Claire had in fact been murdered by Webster so he could cash in on her life insurance. Webster had drugged his wife at their home in the Scottish village of Tarves, where they had settled after their wedding. He then deliberately crashed their car and, after making his own
The woman was watching the Pittsburgh Pirates take on the Chicago Cubs at PNC Park on Monday night when she was knocked unconscious. She was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head. There was a net in place but, as she was standing so close, she was hit because of the slack. The horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as EMTs treated the fan - placing her in a head brace. The woman was then transported to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, drove by with a friend, and tried to break up the fight. The aggressor, driving a Toyota, even refused to stop fighting as Solis and his friend tried to end the attack, and at one point got in the face of Solis' friend. That is when the friend clocked the man, leaving him out cold on the road. The Maryland Transportation Authority is investigating, and may file charges.
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. She cant face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades. The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. She now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet like her own.
Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40. The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the United States. In it's dismissal of her case, the court said it failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in the custody dispute. Rutherford has filed for bankruptcy with $2million in debt after spending all her earnings from Gossip Girl on legal fees and flights to France to
Peter Kelly, a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down. For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers. The argument escalated and Kelly was attacked and died at the scene. The attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them.
Scores of downtrodden Syrians wait in line for hours for food in Raqqa. It's a far cry from the all-conquering image ISIS would like the world to believe. Pictures were posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently who risk their lives leaking information.
Channel Islands Heritage Festival celebrates 70 years since the liberation of the Channel Islands. Guernsey, Alderney, Jersey, Herm and Sark have never before combined to stage a big event. Liberation Day itself will turn St Peter Port and Jersey's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music.
MicroCon 2015 has been dubbed the first North American gathering of micronations. These self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10. Many don't even live on the land at all. The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library.
Dr Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on Easter April 5. Friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' In the series Martin Short plays a dermatologist called Dr Grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin  almost a mirror image of Dr Brandt.
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise when he died. Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him. Tributes have been paid to the youngster who was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham.
Ukip leader has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories in his campaign to be elected to Parliament. ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay, by 1% with Labours Will Scobie just behind on 29%.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud' The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9. rocket from Cape Canaveral, in Florida, at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow. But more bad weather is forecast. If the weather holds out, SpaceX is
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody. Possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment. A gag order has since been issued in the custody case. Banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating Crohn's disease.
The symbols have been daubed on walls or pavements in East Kilbride. Lanarkshire Police tweeted: 'Breaking the Housebreaker's code' The officers' post features a graphic with eight different codes and what they might mean. The practice of crooks using a secret system to identify potential victims has been dubbed the Da Pinchi Code.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra's stripes on the line to a pair of hands knitting a green field. The photographer who has a background in graphic design and CGI, initially retouched his pictures by hand. He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well'
Art and photography community, BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' Babies are dressed as characters from fantasy and sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books. One baby is seen as Princess Leia, surrounded by cuddly toy versions of the characters, while she herself is wrapped in lace swaddling.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead. The Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. The party had been at the NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis, and Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game.
Eighteen firefighters freed the Havana cob called Cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in the warm weather. Owner Tracey Hannant, from Bexleyheath, south London, said her horse looked like Black Beauty when it emerged from the ditch. She said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim and praised London Fire Brigade crews who came to the rescue.
Frances Bean Cobain, 22, says she's not a big fan of her dad's music. Says she's more into Mercury Rev, Oasis and Brian Jonestown Massacre. Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January.
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook out of the blue in December. He messaged her to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat, took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy. The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student still studies and works three days per week to support the three of them
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. The auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks until a winner is chosen. But after the TV cameras subside, their show at the Royal Variety Performance is over, and they've spent their £250,000 - what happens to them?
The island of St Helena is 1,200 miles off the coast of West Africa. It was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502. Early next year a £218m airport will open and make the island more accessible. As it stands, the only way to reach the island is via ship - the RMS St. Helena.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. Now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending. Hundreds of team leaders working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year. Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace.
Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and that he was starved for 25 days, being given only water four to five times a day. Church member Nazareth Zurita said the toddler, whose name has not been released, fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the death. Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission and is currently
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west. Police say the man was collecting bins in Footscray early on Saturday morning when the truck rolled forward, pinning him between the vehicle and a pole. Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene. Meanwhile another man died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital after a car apparently packed with six passengers, crashed. The male driver and two other male passengers were taken to Maroondah Hospital with serious injuries.
'crystal clear' footage handed into police by shocked worker 50ft from crime scene. Worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on Monday last week, believing detectives would already have similar images of the £60m raid. But, even though police raced to obtain the CCTV once the report was made, the force has refused to make the images public. Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off just after midnight on Good Friday.
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers. A selection of 36 sweets - including liquorice sticks, cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale, all guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients. The 10 stores trialling the scheme include Blackburn, Bolton, Preston, Bradford, West Bromwich and Birmingham.
James Ward, 31, of Burnley, Lancashire, was attacked with an axe. He was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body. Surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. Mr Ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth. The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. The same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from. The study, by two scientists from the University of Oxford, was published in the journal Nature.
Jessica Knight, 4, has an appetite for furniture, soft furnishings and fittings. Doctors say they are unable to treat her as she is too young. Other non-food items she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks. Jessica's parents have given her a purse full of bits of sponge to eat.
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the stabbing death of her former father-in-law. Charles Taylor, 59, was found stabbed to death at his home near Ellet, North Carolina, on April 4. Taylor's alleged accomplice, 32-year-old Sean Ball, was also found wounded on the Blue Ridge Parkway in North Carolina after the two were fleeing police. The mother of two reportedly blamed Charles Taylor for introducing her husband, Rex, to drugs at age 15. Rex Taylor committed suicide by hanging last August.
'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' is a tale of kickbacks, mob violence and secret KKK members. A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. At the helm of the NYPD from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine, a stalwart of the force for more than 30 years who had a reputation for brutality. The department's first chief of police, William Devery, who held the post from 1898-1901, was known as the king ofKickbacks.
Bernie Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi style fraud - which became the largest in financial history. A new book claims he put pressure on an Israeli model who was working for him as a stock analyst and dating his dealer Silvio Eboli. He is said to have met Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997 at the Montauk Yacht Club with his son Mark, who later committed suicide over his father's fraudulent activities.
57 per cent of adults claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week. Of those 53 per cent are in the top A/B social class, who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year. News comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's. The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June, and has an estimated 28 million downloads. Lindsay Lohan also launched her own game, The Price of Fame. Femail investigates what it's like to 'live' the life of a celebrity for a day.
Most 'normal' period pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or an anti-inflammatory. More severe symptoms such as nausea, back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition. Dr Lara Briden explains that endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus such as the ovaries, bladder or intestines.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25. It is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets. He denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration between October 2010 and September 2011.
Explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened at the gun range while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road. The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said. Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the roadway. The driver of the front-loader was a county public works employee who had been working at the shooting range all day.
Terry McCarty was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. He endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms. But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years. He applied to a Washington fire service in October 2011 and passed his training in July 2012.
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a TV presenter to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. 'I think Im perfect for the job, and my principal qualification is entirely basic. I love cars. I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards,' she says.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza. But experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. A more modest sales increase of between £60 and £70m is predicted. Most of that will be spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs. But baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term.
The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, just 18 months after he first showed symptoms, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. The report concluded the man's illness resulted from his eating tainted UK beef before he moved to the United States in the 1990s. The extreme rarity of the disease led the man--who was in his 40s--to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
Peter Tait is the headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. He claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education. Mr Tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child. The phenomenon of parents placing their children before any others and pushing their children to high levels of achievement has been termed Tiger Parenting.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee Sophie Cahill in February. The former Another Level star is due to appear before magistrates next month. Scotland Yard confirmed he has been charged with common assault. The singer and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013. But Ms Cahill called off their engagement last December.
Peter Hiett worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years. Claims staff would put inmates in cells padded with mattresses and leave them to fight. He said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold, while others 'turned a blind eye to it' Claims echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club, in which gangsters organise mass brawls.
Ellie Harrison, 37, says she knows she will one day be replaced on the show. She says that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' The mother-of-two joined the show in 2011 and has defended her image. In December 2014 she revealed she was told to tone down her blonde hair.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. His pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset, Burley Village in the New Forest and North Wales. Once he finds the right location, he will spend hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image.
Niamh Geaney, 26, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29. Pair met in real life and took some eerily twin-like photos together. Niamh's fellow Twin Strangers participants, 21-year-old Harry and 22- year-old Terence, are still looking for their doppelgängers. The search isn't over until April 27.
British company Swan, which sold its first iron in 1933, has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron, for £279.99. The steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron, shooting out at 90g per minute. It also produces twice as much steam, making shorter work of wrinkles.
Stephanie Scott was a 'favourite teacher' to many students at Leeton High School. A week before students are due to return to class, mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old's murder has affected their kids. Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton  from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer.
The magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, personally chose the 19-year-old model along with Jing Wen, Laura James, Anna Cleveland, Ondria Hardin, Antonia Wilson, Kitty Hayes, and Paige Reifler for the spread, which is aptly titled Beauty Queens: Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season.
The 'Fullips' device, a sort of suction-thimble, has gone viral online. Arizona-based inventors Linda Gomez and her daughter Krystle sell them for £30. The device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus. This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy, 47, was cleaning up after a children's picnic when he bumped his leg against a bin bag. A cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing the rare condition necrotizing faciitis - a flesh-eating bug. So extreme was Mr Murphy's infection, surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg. But as they were printing out the paperwork to authorise the procedure, the antibiotics Mr Murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working.
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert. She accepted a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy. After she saw the provocative messages, Ms Conman challenged the man herself. In the case of Kerry Green's daughter Emily, 13, the sick man threatened to post explicit pictures on her Facebook wall if she did not play along with his sordid messages. Humberside Police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership  a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity. Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by the aptly named
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene. Pingan was given the name Zhao Pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese. On Saturday, Pingan celebrated his first birthday publicly - about a month after his real birthday of March 18.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot with Russian fashion label Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova. Her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the Kremlin.
The $250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices, such as kettles and washing machines. It monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold. Neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices its recognised back to an app, where users can make decisions about how to save power and money.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed someone looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant. She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward, so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge. A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #thatswhatlovelookslike. Within a couple of days it had been shared thousands of times on social media.
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz. Miss Roberts has also been branded despicable by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel. Mr Brunel said that he was devastated by the unfounded accusations against him
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct decisions in difficult cases. But she was accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating cover-ups. Labour peer Lord Janner should not be charged despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s. Leicestershire Constabulary considering legal challenge against decision.
Clarkson was due to record Have I Got News For You on April 23. It would have been his first appearance for the BBC since being dismissed. He was dismissed for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel. Show's producers expect him to return to the show later in the year.
David Cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of Lloyds Bank shares if he wins the Election. It would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the Thatcher era. The shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm. Patrick Lyttle, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Barry Lyttle will now be sentenced at Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court.
Hannah Bluck, 18, has played for the Wales youth national teams at U19, U17 and U16 level. The teen football prodigy was warned by doctors that her leg could collapse into her ankle after being diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia. The ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen. Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone and usually affects joints.
The 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. They did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests. Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the UK.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo. She achieved notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating.
In January 2013, Dorian Poe, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure. He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who, unable to live her own dreams of world travel, sent her teddy bear in her place. Dorian decided to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition. The bear has circled the globe and then some, continuing to share his message of understanding and tolerance for those affected by autism.
Motaz Zaid, 20, was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London. Masked men sprayed ammonia in their eyes and assaulted them with tools. Mr Zaid was bundled into a Mercedes C220 Estate and driven off. He was found dumped at the side of the A3 with life-threatening injuries. His friend, 19, who was stabbed several times in the back and legs, was left for dead in the quiet residential street.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31. He flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home. Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back into the house. He then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats - which had been bought for Easter - and began throwing individual eggs at her head. He was jailed for eight weeks at Worcester Magistrates Court.
Samuel Tushingham, 26, dragged his partner out of bed and slapped her. He also threw a toaster at her and kicked her in the thigh, court told. Judge Bridget Knight described him as a 'caveman' but spared him jail. She ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail.
Six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night having successfully broken into the building. Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping. Scotland Yard refused to confirm to MailOnline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam, calling the venture 'foam surrealism' 'When the tide is high, the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs, explodes into the air and creeps over the sand,' he said.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of Johannesburg. By day, they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you' Then by night they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, appeared before a judge in Boulogne on Friday. He was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering nine-year-old Chloe. Huminski was on his way to England from Calais when he struck on Wednesday. He admitted his involvement in the alleged crimes, but failed to state the reasons for his action, prosecutors said.
Bjorn Ulvaeus, of Swedish pop group ABBA, has unveiled his new musical project, a Mamma Mia inspired restaurant performance. Bjorn aims to transport the party atmosphere from theatre aisles to inside a Greek taverna. The restaurant is situated near the ABBA-museum in central Stockholm.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. That would have commemorated his Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge. The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. He was an armored personnel carrier's gunner during his time in the Army.
Adam Deacon, 32, of Bethnal Green, east London, appeared in court today. Accused of harassment against Kidulthood writer Noel Clarke on Twitter. A number of abusive tweets were sent from Deacon's account to Mr Clarkes account from March 5 to December 19, Hammersmith Magistrates Court was told. Deacon denies harassment without violence and is due to appear in court on July 20.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek in a park, when he was a 15-year-old resident of a childrens home. The father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him questioning myself and everyone around me He said the failure to prosecute the peer for a fourth time  three inquiries were curtailed by police or the Crown Prosecution Service  was a 'complete travesty'
Mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome Man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy. His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign, which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac. Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat. He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney.
Cher Lair from Apex, North Carolina, did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. Bystanders can be heard cheering and clapping in the background as they watch the scene unfold.
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player. Acting Commissioner of West Australian Police, Stephen Brown confirmed an internal investigation is underway. Allegations will be investigated under Section 440A of the Criminal Code.
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority. Different polls have variously put the Tories and Labour narrowly ahead, with David Cameron and Ed Miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government.
Jackson Byrnes from Northern New South Wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour. The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After seven days of desperate campaigning through Facebook and the crowd funding page GoFundMe, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $47,000 being raised.
Coral Jones, 43, received letters demanding her other children be taken into care. She was branded a 'bad mother' for allowing April to play in the street. April was abducted and killed by paedophile Mark Bridger in October 2012. Mrs Jones said: 'I blame myself every day for it but unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me I am a bad mother'
Rona Fairhead will stay on for 'a further one-year period' before leaving. She announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on March 20. Margaret Hodge, chairman of the Commons public accounts committee, had called on the BBC chief to quit or be sacked.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was sent to prison for four years last April. But he faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m within six months. Khan hid his wealth in the UK while building an estate in Pakistan. Police raided his Birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion.
Government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk' Belinda Bowman, 37, lost her daughter Lily after she contracted GBS during labour and developed meningitis and septicaemia.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday. He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene. Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. The man's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police.
The Baird Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system. The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube. It was built as an item of furniture for well-to-do families with deep pockets.
Dealing across Europe and Asia was thrown into chaos by the crash of the server at Bloomberg's offices in the City of London. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours just after the start of trading, leaving brokers unable to work. Trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted. Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds, known as gilts, on the debt markets were delayed. Bloomberg blamed a 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
Labour leader was gatecrashed by bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite and her friends. One of the group from Knutsford spotted the leader's bus when she popped outside the Westminster Hotel for a cigarette and quickly alerted the bride. After brief negotiations with his spin doctors, the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, from Foleshill, Coventry, escaped death by millimetres. Car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in Coventry. Paramedics said the crash would've been fatal if impact had been closer. Marcin suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm. He believes he was saved by Jesus Christ watching over him.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors. Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid. Paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the Oval Office in early April that Clinton would'soon' face a day of reckoning over the charity's fundraising practices. He's issued theforeboding warning several times since, saying today, 'There's more
Brisbane-based Living Dead Clothing has launched a range of Avengers themed clothing. The company beat a who's who of global clothing manufacturers to win the Marvel licence last year. There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs. Swimwear and t-shirts have been very popular, the release of their new line caused the website to crash. The most expensive items are the Iron Man and Thor themed dresses at $100.
It is the first time since records began that such sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row. Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis  or three months  but never for such a sustained period. Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy, which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world.
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created the book after she had her first baby in 2012. It chronicles the emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in a series of wry, honest illustrations. The collection features 120 illustrations, capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out, to a spot-on depiction of the constant sleep deprivation experienced.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancée Nick Loeb. The revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs, which they planned to have children with before their bitter split. According to a Thursday report by Page Six, Loeb claimed that the actress paid her friend $200,000 in gifts and mortgage payments and that a embryo was implanted in the woman on two separate occasions in 2013 with neither surviving. Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed.
London Mayor urged Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives' Warned of 'nightmare' of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. 'A lot want to come home to the Tories. Any gain by Ukip is a gain by Miliband,' he said. Intervention signals Tories are determined to ramp up warnings over a minority Labour government dependent on the votes of SNP MPs.
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on 'Sunday afternoon,' according to a Democratic Party source in Iowa. Clinton will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week. A New Hampshire GOP political operative who works for a likely candidate who hasn't yet launched a campaign added
A man deliberately drove his car straight through the front doors of a police station. The 42-year-old man threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue Ford Falcon ute at full speed towards the Harts Range police station just before 10pm on Sunday. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, was vacant at the time of the incident. The culprit managed to escape in the smashed-up car but wouldn't have got far without working headlights, a front number plate or a front bumper bar.
Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under, according to the Internet Watch Foundation. Overall, experts from the regulator removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014. That was a dramatic increase from the year before, when around two-thirds of the child porn it found featured children.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death by two 'friends' Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, jailed for life at Blackfriars Crown Court. Mr Buchel moved to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter. But he spiralled into an alcohol addiction and moved in with friends. The men were obsessed with the hit U.S. television show Jackass. Video found on mobile phones showed Quye setting fire to his pubic hair.
FBI have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe. They said they believe he may have 'critical information' to help them identify the victim and her whereabouts to rescue her. Investigators stressed the dark-haired man, believed to be between the ages of 30 and 45, is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
Shocking figures from West Midlands Police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage. Between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed, of were suspected of committing, a crime. Police admitted some of the figures may be inaccurate - including statistics showing a rape suspect aged minus three.
Jamie Richardson, 38, from Lancing, West Sussex and Daniel Taylor, 37, pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a Bermuda court. One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew, while the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists. The two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term, with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from Springville, Utah. He specialises in oil paintings, which can take up to 300 hours to complete. His work is so realistic it's impossible to tell apart from a photo. His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and motion-shots.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis. The veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges. But with his judge-alone trial due to begin on Tuesday, in the Tauranga District Court, his lawyer changed his plea to guilty. Threatening to kill charges carry a maximum jail term of seven years in New Zealand.
After 73 years of marriage, William 'Wild Bill' Wilson and his wife Lillian Karr Wilson died just two minutes apart from each other. Both Lillian, 89, and Bill were Alzheimer's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes. The couple first met in Corbin, Kentucky and, according to their son Doug, ran off and got married without either of their parents' blessing.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself. The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away. If the particles collide with each other, the friction from the collisions would cause the dark matter to slow down, and fall behind the galaxy. But dark matter has never before been observed interacting in any way other than through the force of gravity.
Columbia Journalism School issued 12,000-word review of Rolling Stone story. Said story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. But nobody will lose their job over the story, according to Rolling Stone publisher. Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who wrote the article, is not expected to lose her job. She admitted 'I did not go far enough' in her reporting of alleged rape.
Kitchens sell houses. They are the heart of the home, the hub of dinner parties and usually the debrief of the day meeting room. So what makes a great kitchen? Its a balance between a warm and inviting design combined with practical efficiency. Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design.
Shelley Dufresnein from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender. When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today,' followed by three smiley faces. Followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture, prompting her to respond: 'I'm so relieved' However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Michael Pulman, 33, a care worker from Walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant. He believes it will boost his self-esteem and happiness. Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has her baggy jowls removed. Emma Tallon, 27, paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs.
The man who is believed to be from Mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he tragically passed away. He is one of at least six who have been killed in the country this week as armed gangs target foreigners in a spate of xenophobic attacks. Despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops in the slums of Johannesburg. Many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp. South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in Trenton, New Jersey. People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair. Police Captain Eddie Gonzalez said the department had identified 'a number of individuals that were a part of this'
More than 42 million children under the age of five are overweight or obese. More than two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on TV. British Heart Foundation has delivered a 30,000 strong petition, asking Government to ban junk food adverts from being shown before the 9pm watershed.
Harriet Harman and George Osborne both went to St Paul's School. Ms Harman has repeatedly accused Tories of being 'completely out of touch' She has previously faced wrath of Labour backbenchers when she sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools. But Mr Osborne said 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin' on live TV.
SNP leader will unveil a manifesto including proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees. Several election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from a maximum of £9,000 a year to £6,000. Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left, including halting the roll-out of Iain Duncan Smiths popular changes to benefits.
A striking picture captured the moment a man stood up to a swastika-tattooed neo-nazi during a Melbourne protest. The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia. Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
In 1986, Reactor 4 in the Chernobyl power plant exploded, sending radioactive particles into the air above the city of Pripyat, north of Kiev. In recent years, visits to the nuclear explosion site have increased exponentially, with Kiev-based tour company, SoloEast, estimating that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year. However, such visitations are highly regulated and permitted only as part of an organised private tour. Visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food or beverage that does not come from outside the zone, and are even warned against sitting on the ground.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician. Pair were both working at Eurofabs UK Ltd, a sheet metal manufacturer in Rochdale. Nathan was told to climb up a ladder onto the walkway of a crane and test the lights in the building's roof, taking readings and shouting them down to his father. But he accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar, a metal strip which conducts electricity within a switchboard. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below the crane. He was airlifted to hospital but later
Sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers in Ol Pojeta, Kenya. They risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. But even without his horn, keepers in the Kenyan reserve in fear for his safety. The 43-year-old rhino is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California is the most expensive. Visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to travel money specialist No.1 Currency. Tomorrowland festival in Belgium costs one pound a day less than Coachella. Englands Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost but has above average food.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train near Hoylake Station. Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was found dead in a flat in Toxteth, Liverpool, in February. A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines. The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings, making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day, which takes place tomorrow.
SNP leader said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence. But David Cameron warned of the 'frightening' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in England, Wales and Northern Ireland. Prime Minister issued plea to Ukip and Lib Dem voters to lend their support to the Tories to prevent 'Ed Miliband, propped up by Nicola Sturgeon'
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt. Jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them, at a website called ugotposted.com. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013. People who sought to have the explicit images taken down were directed to changemy
Georgina Chapman, 38, does not want the accusations tied to Ambra Battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News. The question remains how much Weinstein is willing to pay to make the situation go away, the source said. But a spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together. A source said: 'The last thing they need is her popping up at parties and premieres'
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son Rafi, 10, and daughter Dvora, 6, to roam free in their suburban neighborhood. On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home. The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS. But the parents say authorities crossed a line over the weekend and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand. Pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position, triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight. A single pair costs $30 but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $12. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot.
A. Alfred Taubman, 91, died on Friday night at his home of a heart attack. He was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with Anthony Tennant, former chairman of Christie's International, to fix the commissions the auction giants charged. He spent about a year in a low-security prison in Rochester, Minnesota, but long insisted he was innocent and expressed regret for not testifying in his own defense. He donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities, hospitals and museums.
The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane. Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. As he was being led in handcuffs and shackles out of the courtroom, Luna told a swarm of reporters he was'sorry'
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area. Rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km are forecast to develop along the coastal fringe of the Sydney Metropolitan and Hunter regions. The Bureau of Meteorology has issued a severe weather warning for Sydney Closed Waters, the Hunter Coast, Sydney Coast,  Batemans Coast and Eden Coast.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, fell in love with Polish girl Gena, 20. He was sent to arrest her SS guards at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. But Major Leonard Berney took a personal interest in their unlikely romance. Norman and Gena were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years.
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens. Average one usually contains a mere four species  daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips. Almost 40% of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it.
The coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 near Dartford in Kent this morning with only the driver on board. Fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and were forced to close the slip road while they doused the flames. The fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment before it quickly spread to the body of the coach.
Jessica Cleland took her own life on Easter Saturday last year. The 19-year-old was bullied on Facebook by two teenage boys. Her parents are campaigning for cyber bullying to be taken more seriously. Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law. It was introduced in 2011 after the death of Brodie Panlock, who committed suicide after being subject to relentless bullying in her workplace. Despite these laws, there has been no charges and no inquest into Jessica's death.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to Facebook. The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world. Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert, which was broadcast last Wednesday (15), after Phil shared the video.
Lorraine, 55, has dropped two dress sizes by attending regular Zumba classes. She said her instructor, Maxine Jones, has 'changed her life' The breakfast TV queen is now a size 10, down from a 14. She also revealed she has more confidence in her fifties than ever before.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a'selfie generation' He said they use their music to reveal only how they feel. 'I don't hear them saying anything other than "This is me and this is how I feel," which is an important part of songwriting, but we're talking in the context of an election' Blur release their new album The Magic Whip later this month.
US giant Morgan Stanley said prospect of a Labour government reliant on the Scottish Nationalists would create the greatest uncertainty of any election result. The inevitable anti-austerity agenda could lead to an earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case, the bank argued.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. 50% of bride and grooms have opted for some form of civil ceremony. The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 (compared to £15,494.54 in 2013) 18% of us are now choosing to holiday in the UK compared to 8% five years ago.
Sir Bruce Forsyth said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. Veteran entertainer said he wants to 'die with a bit of dignity left' He said: 'If I had Alzheimer's or dementia I would do something about it' Sir Bruce's first wife, Penny Calvert, was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008. He visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year.
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways. He travelled from his Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London. Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November last year. Australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares.
sandwiches and pasta salads can contain more fat, calories and sugar than burgers and pizzas. Some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of McDonalds, Burger King and Pizza Express, researchers have found. For example, Asda's Piri Piri Chicken Pasta Salad contains 46.5g of fat  two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult  which is more than the 43.3g found in a Burger King Bacon and Cheese Whopper.
Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California in a bid to prevent the Modern Family actress from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF. Court documents detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. Vergaras representatives declined to comment on the allegations when contacted by DailyMail.com on Wednesday.
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon. The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots. Stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect. But unlike the real thing, Stoetter's models can't change their colour.
Danielle Busby gave birth to Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas on April 7. All five girls are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months. It is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969.
Young Star Wars fan giggled in delight when he was approached by his favourite character R2D2. The robot began turning in time with the boy and he can be heard on video giggling loudly and uncontrollably. As the youngster makes his way down the corridor the robot follows him and pauses, mirroring the child's every move.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are steaming through the Arabian Sea and heading towards Yemen. The Navy has been beefing up its presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that about eight Iranian ships are heading toward Yemen and possibly carrying arms. The vessels are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels.
Toyal Lotus technology stops yoghurt from sticking to lids of pots. It was inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking. Toyo Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation. The German firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry to bring it to consumers.
Dwayne Harvard, 46, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night in Springdale, Pennsylvania. Harvard claims Sutton was furious that he was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home. As he drove off, he struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer, and Sutton clung to the hood. Harvard drove through Harmar Township, Springdale Township, Frazier Township, East Deer Township, Tarentum Borough, Fawn Township and into Harrison Township. He was finally stopped at an exit in Kittanning, and has since been charged with simple assault, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment
Giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US - forming the first land-based navigation system in the world. The arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off to deliver mail. Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far and have set up their website Arrows Across America.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon said he followed the 'unwritten NFL New Money Millionaire' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house, as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment. But he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems. Instead of selling her old house, like he advised, Buchanon's mother rented it to his aunt. This left Buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years.
Temperatures are predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week. Ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off. But the industry could take a hit later this week, with rain, cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from Thursday.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. When the flowers open their '­alabaster petals' they are positively regal. They are easy to grow, but picky about soil. If yours is acid, free-draining and nutritious, they'll thrive. But they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. So, if your soil doesn't suit, plant in containers in ericaceous compost.
Number of deaths every year in Britain will rise by 20 per cent over next two decades. Price of a funeral is rising fast, thanks to higher costs for cremation and rising undertakers bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts. Younger people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families.
The duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. and a block from a police station. Video surveillance of the area led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide.
The ten houses in Australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent. A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women. Ms Morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex. She said the two are 'crazy for each other' and it doesn't bother her that he's been married three times before.
The once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service, Bluefish. The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's very first SOS was broadcast. Expeditions take place in a MIR I or II submersible, which is able to withstand the water pressure 12500ft below the surface.
Five children questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland in one month. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the unprecedented scale of destruction. Officers yesterday called on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Black-coloured flamingo spotted in salt lake near resort city of Limassol. Experts believe it could be the only one of its kind in the world. Flamingos normally have a pink hue caused by beto-Carotene in their diet. Migratory bird is believed to be heading to Turkey to breed.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old man living in Cameron Park, California. Guinness World Records has confirmed Peter Weber Jr.'s feat. The record was confirmed after Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence. Weber reportedly was a flight cadet in 1943 and retired as a Lieutenant Colonel in 1970.
14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, arrested on suspicion of terrorism. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to hack officers to death. Greater Manchester Police tipped off Australian authorities who swooped. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack. Alleged plot is similar to the killing of British soldier Lee Rigby.
Plane was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members from Varanasi to Delhi. Left wing landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho. Passengers were forced to exit the Boeing 737-800 via its inflatable slides. Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear'
The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. Two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's disease. Device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain. Has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain, major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder. Tests on rats found therapy improved their powers of recall. It is hoped the same will apply to humans.
Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal. Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. She is taking a three-month break from her new clothing label - Louise Love - she severed all ties with her famous namesake label in 2013.
Families on the High Green estate in Sheffield say they are being 'held to ransom' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars. CCTV footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties, cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and BB guns through the estate. Residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. The first reveals an alternative to window cleaner is to add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 per cent rubbing alcohol to an empty spray bottle. Vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid. Spit can be used to lift food stains from counter tops or hard surfaces.
Parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughters passport.
John Coyne, 56, ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, London. He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking. Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent. He was jailed for nine years at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday. Police have urged people to contact them if they believe they have been attacked.
Kellogg's is the latest US owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in Britain. The cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes. Kelloggs uses a complex web of companies to do business here. Its two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in the Republic of Ireland, where corporation tax is 12.5%.
Beth Hall, now 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb. She began a strict diet regime at the age of 16, living off black tea and coffee. Would often go for up to three days without eating a single thing. After years of turmoil, she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic. After making a full recovery, she is now a healthy size 8.
Eli and Silas Keslar were pulled from a canal in Yuma, Arizona on Friday morning and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead. Authorities revealed on Monday that the two boys ended up in the canal because their mother was fighting off a bee. Alexis Keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons, but police said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away.
Former PM said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles. He told Newsweek magazine his latest ambition was to recruit former heads of government to go round the world to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries.
Manuel Garza Jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year. The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case, and no last-day appeals were filed before his execution.
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, said he had some reservations about J.J. Abrams, the chosen director for The Force Awakens. 'I was a little suspicious because he was a Star Trek guy,' said Hamill. Abrams is also the first 'Star Wars' director to be borne out of true fandom of the original films. Hamill was 'cleared' to tell the packed house that he did record a voiceover specifically for the new teaser trailer.
Joel Wilkinson, from Hull, was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Condition means he will eventually be left in a wheelchair and his life will be cut short. His sister Phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible. She helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals in the morning.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes.
The tech giant announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions. Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast. The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy.
Jody Marson, 30, has been named as the prison guard who had an affair with Kieran Loveridge. The 21-year-old was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. The alleged relationship took place inside the the correctional centre where two inmates share one cell. Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009 and doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. As her health continues to decline, her husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man. She was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August. But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014. All of her victims were already in the intensive care unit at the hospital. It is believed she thought their deaths would simply be attributed to natural causes.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, raped a 16-year-old in Leicester Square in 2003. He punched her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious. Two months later, he raped a 32- year-old woman at knifepoint in Greenwich. Both rapes were reported to police at the time but he was not caught. It took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to attacks. He was jailed for 16 years at Snaresbrooke Crown Court, London. Judge Sheelagh Canavan said: 'You are a violent sexual predator'
Zodiac Aerospace have unveiled new designs for cabin crew sleeping quarters. The lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest. Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment system.
Kristen Lindsey from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral. But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. Lindsey, a Wyoming native, wrote: 'My first bow kill... lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head. Vet of the year award... gladly accepted' She also said in a comment: 'And no I did not lose my job. Psshh. Like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome
Mayor of New York is 'preparing to run as a 'leftist' candidate' Claims come from a 'national party operative' in the Democratic Party. De Blasio's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party. He hopes that left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join him.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy. It happened after a row outside a block of flats in Edmonton, north London. The teenager pulled a knife from his rucksack and stabbed Mr Barry. He pleaded guilty to the murder and was jailed for more than 11 years. The boy is a member of the notorious Wood Green Gang.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million Kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row. She is the daughter of a Second World War hero pilot, Flying Officer George Reicher Royde, who was shot down over Belgium in 1943. Her family have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007.
The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid  famed for roles in blockbusters such as Wyatt Earp, Any Given Sunday and The Day After Tomorrow  losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'I am acting here, and this d***head wanders onto my set. I can't even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear, and you're not even watching anymore,' the 61-year-old actor screams.
The Internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the Internet. The brain operates in a similar way, the researchers found. 'The cerebral cortex is like a mini-Internet,' said Larry Swanson, professor at the USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences, and corresponding author of a paper on the discovery.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes is to give a unique insight into his inspiration for the period drama at the Chalke Valley History Festival. The stellar bill also includes historian David Starkey, best-selling novelist Kate Mosse, award-winning biographer Claire Tomalin and explorer Sir Ranulph Fiennes.
Peter Gale was fired from Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey. He was appointed to run the school in September 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head, Karin Rowsell. Well-known alumnae from the school include Olympic cycling champion Joanna Rowsell and singer Katie Melua.
Ethan Czahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate, in February. Among the old Twitter messages he posted was one in which he called female students sluts One post read: When I burp in the gym I feel like its my way of saying, sorry guys, but Im not gay With Clear a user's tweets are analysed using IBM's Watson supercomputer and put through sentiment analysis to ensure they are taken in context. Users are then
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott. He led a secret life online that included violent video games, a seeming obsession with fantasy worlds and rambling writings for a science fiction series. Using the name of a mythical Aztec serpent Quetzalcoalt, Stanford's wrote scripts for his favourite TV series, the science fiction show Stargate. His YouTube account included more than 65 videos - mostly recordings of him playing games with other people online, including the violent zombie apocalypse Dying Light and the fantasy game League of Legends.
Clarkson, 54, was fired in March after attacking a producer during filming. He has not publicly addressed his dismissal, apart from to say 'everyone's upset' But the presenter today gave his 'heartfelt thanks' to those who supported him. It came as Angela Rippon, 70, said she would be keen to return to show. She said: 'It would be great if they said "let's get the old girl back'
Louise Shepherd, 31, from Cobham, Surrey, was hiking in north-west Bolivia. She was crushed by a falling tree in Madidi national park during a storm. Ms Shepherd had taken a 'gap year' off work to go travelling around the world. Her grief-stricken parents, Peter and Christine Shepherd, said they were left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning her birthday.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead. Police investigating the case have come across CCTV that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night. It includes one woman who was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in Leeds city centre.
The Championships opening day has been moved to Monday. Stewards announced it was too risky to race on the wet surface after an early inspection at around 9.30am Saturday morning. Officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event. Ticket-holders who won't be able to make Monday's event will be giving the option of receiving a refund.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will have a substantive 'discussion' tomorrow at a regional summit the two men are attending this weekend in Panama. It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. The two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years. Obama and Castro have separate agendas for most of the day, and the White House had said a private meeting was not on the books. But they were both scheduled to attend the start of the summit along with other regional leaders on
Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway production Finding Neverland in New York City on Wednesday. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp. It has been almost a month since an Italian model accused movie executive Harvey Weinstein of groping her, and Wednesday night he and his wife were spotted out together for the first time since the alleged incident. The couple have been out together numerous times over the past few weeks as well, attending Finding
A third man has been charged after raids in Melbourne led police to foil an Anzac Day terror plot. The 18-year-old Hampton Park man had his Preventative Detention Order removed, and the teenager was re-arrested. The man has now been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemorations. Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager's homes. Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's
Model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages. Women are told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' Pensioners are praised for their 'wealth of experience' Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had' There are also a number of letters 'written specifically for individual subjects'
Miniature Space is a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm. Shows how to make all kinds of fun-sized food, from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines, fried chicken and even cake. Latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries.
Naked bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around Garissa today. Hundreds gathered to look at the bodies in a pickup truck at a primary school. It comes as survivor Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe and drinking body lotion to survive, was rescued. Four other survivors from the massacre at Garissa University College were found yesterday.
Daphne Selfe, 86, has starred in the campaign for Vans and & Other Stories. She is joined by 22-year-old model Flo Dron for the collaboration. Daphne's career originally began in 1949 and she still loves modelling. She has never had surgery and shies away from botox.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault in November 2014. She came home and found her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet. When she asked her to leave and the woman refused, Curtin beat her with a crowbar. Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage'
The Queen roared on her filly, Ring of Truth, at Newbury today. The monarch appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers. Unfortunately for Her Majesty, her horse was narrowly pipped to the post. The Queen, who has long been an avid racing fan, had a second runner later in the afternoon but was once again left to rue missed chances. Her horse Capel Path came in third.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday. Paul admitted that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them. The confession summed up the freshman lawmaker's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a bumpy ride that has so far included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the Democratic Party over late-term abortion.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after attending a Manchester United football match. He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day. After frustrating the cabin crew with his antics - including throwing a hot towel at one - he then caused part of an airport to be evacuated. Leonard, 46, appeared at Aberdeen Sheriff Court yesterday where he admitted endangering the aircraft and its passengers.
WCCO This Morning reporter Ashley Roberts' boyfriend, Justin McCray, surprised her with an engagement ring of her own. Ashley's co-workers helped arrange for her boyfriend to come out after an on-air discussion about engagement rings. 'I want to spend the rest of my life with you,' Justin told her before getting down on one knee and presenting her with a ring.
Tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on a leafy street in Islington, north London. Inside, the narrow house is only 5ft wide in some areas, a little over the size of a rugby player's shoulders. At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in. The property was put on the market with Foxtons for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001. The buyer will have to pay £27,000 in stamp duty - the same as a second-hand narrow boat.
Daria Rose, 18, and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012. Rose wrote about her Hurricane Sandy experience in a college application essay in which she talked about the storm and how reading helped her cope. The essay helped the Sacred Heart Academy student secure a spot in Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown. Rose did not apply to Columbia.
cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album. The knee-high little gnome appeared next to George Harrison's left leg on the famous album cover. Other well-known figures include writer Edgar Allen Poe, dancer Fred Astaire, comedians Laurel and Hardy and boxer Sonny Liston.
WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve the cakes to 5,000 women attending centenary celebrations at the venue in June. 'Its outrageous, said one WI stalwart, who did not wish to be named. We cant waste money on this,' said another. The Royal Albert Hall declined to confirm the amount of the extra cake charge.
Councils are pocketing thousands in change by forcing drivers to overpay for parking. Some parking meters do not accept new 5p and 10p coins brought in three years ago. In Manchester, motorists must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking - handing the council a 15p profit. Experts fear the problem could become even worse when the new 12-sided pound coin is released in 2017.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina. The 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all, including Yale, Harvard, Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Pennsylvania and Princeton. He hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day.
The Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. It contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight, allowing the computers to run perpetually. This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
Wellington put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural CubaDupa festival  a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks. The massive scale festival  the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances, circus acts taking over parks, performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city. The wacky and delightful Electric Groove Rider was a huge drawcard as performers made their way up and down the street in a pedal powered mobile sound system.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, died Sunday in a federal prison in Butner, North Carolina. He was convicted of extortion in 1996 and was the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison under the federal 'three strikes and you're out' provision for violent offenders. The former mob enforcer was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling, loansharking, extortion, and murder, among other crimes. He 'ran' the prison in the 1970s and even had booze, drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis, according to a Rhode
Boy, 14, held in Blackburn after police examined electronic devices. Girl, 16, arrested after police raided house in Longsight, Manchester. Arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism. Both were bailed until May 28 as part of an ongoing investigation.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen on Easter Sunday in Leeton, NSW. Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5pm in Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW. Vincent Standford, 24, has been charged with Ms Scott's murder. On Saturday, the day Ms Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley, a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be. Hundreds of people attended the memorial at Mountford Park, the centre of Leeton.
Eileen Mason, 92, and Margaret Seabrook, 75, had been to a lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire, when an 'evil looking' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence. The man grabbed Mrs Mason by the arm and reached for her carrier bag. But Mrs Mason shouted 'Oh, no you don't,' and slammed on the accelerator of her scooter. The attacker was knocked to the ground, and the motorised pair sped off into the distance.
Scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen measured how big the glaciers were, and how similar they were to glaciers on Earth. A thick layer of dust covers the glaciers, so they appear as the surface of the ground, but radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust. As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it. If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour. In total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on Mars, which could cover the entire surface of Mars with 1
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone only to discover it was switched off. Bako put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach. One horrified witness who saw the attack said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child.
StatusPeople.com, the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool, reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's followers are 'good' Another Twitter sleuthing website sampled more than 320,000 of Clinton's followers and found that a much larger number of them were 'fake' Clinton is in Monticello, Iowa on Tuesday for the first stop on her nascent presidential 'listening' tour.
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh recovered the gold jewellery at the Finns Beach Club in Bali on Tuesday. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message: Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny Ms Walsh said she has since been in contact with the owner and will be having breakfast with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex. Friends had been using unlocked footpath crossing to catch service to Cambridge. Girls' parents had planned to raise concerns at meeting in London last week. But their request to attend was turned down by watchdog Network Rail.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go. The orb then knocks a green ball into the center pocket. In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. She explained how in 2014, she and her husband got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinksy were expecting a baby. Hillary Clinton was 'unabashedly giddy' at the news, she said. But, whereas she and Bill had been disorganized ahead of the birth of Chelsea, their daughter was far calmer and better prepared, she wrote.
Carol Chandler, 53, of Wellington, Shropshire, is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s. She was charged as part of the Metropolitan Polices Operation Winthorpe. Scotland Yard is investigating allegations of sex abuse at St Paul's School in Barnes, south west London. Former pupils include Chancellor George Osborne.
David Totton, 36, was walking through Manchester city centre when he saw his friend in an altercation with bouncers. Totton went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told because it was late nobody else was being allowed in. Instead of leaving, Totton knocked on the window of the club asking for the doorman to come out, and when he refused, he climbed inside. He then drove up to the doors at a low speed before nudging his front bumper against them. After the doormen still failed to come outside he drove off, and later handed himself over to police, telling officers
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, was found dead with her partner and two children. John Joseph Shannon, 31, from Liverpool, was initially accused of killing family. But police now believe that she was'suffering from post-natal depression' The couple's six-week-old baby and her daughter, four, were also found dead. Police are now awaiting the results of postmortem examinations.
UK children's cookbook guru Annabel Karmel has slammed Pete Evans' controversial bone broth recipe in his book 'Bubba Yum Yum - The Paleo Way' She says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts recommend. 'The baby won't have any nutrition they need -  its entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she said.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has sparked a debate over her choice to wear a headscarf during her visit to Iran. Social media lit up as those from both sides of the argument weighed in on whether Bishop was right to cover her head in keeping with local custom. Bishop is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years. While Westerners are not required by law to cover their heads, the Foreign Minister said she did so out of respect for the culture. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten waded into the debate, following Andrew Bolt's comments that Bishop should have'stood up for Western values' and that she
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. She was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location. On Tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show House of Horrors: Kidnapped on Investigation Discovery.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. A trooper saw Larry Reid's Lexus SUV in the dirt median with the engine still running. Mr. Reid was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol.
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live, palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine. The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. LCpl Keysor signed up just before the start of the war in 1914 as a pilot but instead was sent to the shores of Turkey. He had moved to Sydney after living in Canada for 10 years and had been a clerk for most of his life.
Valerie Rutty, 60, stole almost £3,500 from fund at Irlam Primary School. Cash was collected by children aged three to 11 and their families. It would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment. Rutty wrote nine separate cheques into a bank account she shared with her mother between December 2010 and May last year.
Dame Barbara Hakin is national director of commissioning operations for NHS England. Accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients. She was investigated by the General Medical Council, which concluded that there was no case to answer. But it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went far enough in respect of patient safety.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose. The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate. Wine Spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013, making it the only rose to be included.
39 per cent of voters now say they will back the Conservatives, according to ICM. Just 33 per cent plan on supporting Ed Miliband in the upcoming election. Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month  while Labour has dropped two points. Ukip and the Lib Dems are each up three points at 13 per cent and 9 per cent.
Madonna, 56, posted image of Iron Lady on Instagram - before quickly deleting it just moments later after receiving dozens of abusive messages. Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which Madonna captioned with: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher' The singer, who has a large gay fanbase, offended fans who reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988. Thatcher, who led the country from 1979 until 1990, established Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988.
Branded painkillers are just using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products, says Dr Chris Van Tulleken. UK over-the-counter medicines market is worth £2.5 billion, with brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging.
Joseph Devaney, 23, and Kieron Rolstron, 22, burst into home in Chorley. Devaney struck Cookie over the head with a meat cleaver as he barked. As owners John and Emma Evans watched in horror, Devaney brought down the machete on the animal's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims' car. Cookie suffered serious injuries and had to be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in Clayton Brook, Lancashire.
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing. When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop. A murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that Mr Mbye had been dropped off outside Queen Elizabeth Hospital in a white Audi. The car was later found by police abandoned in Hickman Gardens, Ladywood.
Richard Clements, 62, was mowing grass outside farmhouse in Wattisham, Suffolk. Machine toppled down a bank into a pond and trapped him underneath. Family managed to drag him from the water but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, wanted to remove her ex's name from her arm. She tried to burn it off with acid but the DIY treatment gave her chemical burns. Six painful applications left Jessica's skin red raw and scabby. Tattoo artist David Kaffri covered the tattoo with a new one.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, died Wednesday afternoon at Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida. It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January. Edgeington had made over 6,000 jumps and competed in a sport called'swooping', where divers speed down to land and swoop over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond.
The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas. The trove, which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998, only became fully organized late last year. The archive includes a confidential report from a polygraph examiner, who wrote that McVeigh had wanted to `take out' the Murrah Building on April 19, 1995. Although the blast killed 168, including 19 children, the examiner concluded that 'In McVeIGH's mind, he believed that he
'Bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine, ecstasy, methadone and 'party drug' meow meow. Father, only known as John, has called on South Gloucestershire Council to do more to tackle drug dealing in its schools. He accused authorities of pretending a problem doesnt exist
Brisbane based DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher have released a viral video. The clip shows the duo randomly approaching people on the street. They offer a keyboard and microphone to members of the public and invite them to bash out a melody. The black-and-white clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week. The jogger in the clip was later revealed as Ross Burbury, a singer songwriter from Brisbane.
Stephanie Scott was due to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue. But on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott. The car park was empty and silent, with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside. The popular high school teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday.
Amanda Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood. She contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon, and together the group amassed evidence that stopping the blood flow so early could be harmful. One study showed immediate cord-clamping could deprive a baby of a third of its blood stock  enough to fill a medium-size wine glass.
The 35-year-old daughter of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, is on the cover of this month's Elle Magazine. She talks about her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky, as well as her role as a mother to seven-month-old Charlotte.
Gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley. Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha. In one tomb, researchers discovered 400 isolated human body parts, including teeth, hands and feet.
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one just after he proposed developments involving affordable housing. The town of Darien is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks. Stefanoni made a total of three affordable housing applications, one of which was ultimately approved. Town and Little League both deny that the goings-on of the Little League and Stefanoni's housing plans are linked.
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck. Ex-Spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance, but died two weeks later. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. All five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse  one with the other. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said that one can tell the difference by looking at the animal's feet.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce. Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the M42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in Derby on September 26 last year. The white Seat Leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles. The footage then shows the gang jumping out of their stolen vehicle when they realise they were boxed in. The robbers can then be seen running across the busy motorway slip road as police give chase. Police eventually caught up with the men, arresting them. They have now been jailed at Birmingham Crown Court.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, was given power of attorney over her terminally ill friend. She later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer. But the grandmother helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north Wales. She was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting theft.
The York County Coroner's Office says 35-year-old Donnell Graham fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man in a room at the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township. The other man, Kristopher Pittman, 25, had been killed by gunshots to the chest. Motel employee Darryl Schock said another guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
Citizens for Tax Justice released a report last week showing how 15 Fortune 500 companies avoided paying income tax in 2014. Most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions. CBS made $1.8 billion in U.S. profits last year and received a $235 million tax rebate. Priceline relied heavily on a single tax break to zero out its tax liability.
Tories narrowly ahead in two polls, while another showed Labour edging in front. News came as an American pollster concluded that both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority. Nate Silver correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. 'This is the best day of my life,' she exclaims as the cuddling session continues. The pony appears completely at ease and he stretches out his legs in a bid to further his relaxation.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman. He was attacked as he got off a bus close to his home in Croydon, south London. Norman, 24, had stopped taking medication for his paranoid schizophrenia. Mrs Else, 52, said she is too terrified to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back'
Tom O'Carroll was a leading member of the notorious Paedophile Information Exchange, which campaigned to legalise child sex in the 1970s and 80s. He has now joined the supporters of the media pressure group Hacked Off. The organisation, set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal, is campaigning against what it sees as the biased and unfair Independent Press Standards Organisation.
Woman in her 20s had to be rescued from the River Cam in Cambridge. She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time. Two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out. Meanwhile, Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C - marking the hottest day of the year so far.
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark attended a remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa on Thursday. The 43-year-old wore a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories. She placed a wreath at a war memorial and attended a service. The memorial event marked the invasion of Denmark and Norway by Nazi troops on April 9, 1940.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York. Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day. Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie, telling her to first get a security pass. Authorities say the teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the floor. Another teacher was able to break up the melee
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles away. Council said it was not the case that he was dismissed for whistle blowing. He was dismissed from his care manager role with Newcastle City Council.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter Bobbi Kristina at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday. The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital - where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31. While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified to People that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
Swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on the River Cam in Cambridge. He is believed to be the grandson of Mr Asbo, who was moved 60 miles away in 2012 after attacking rowers. Asbaby was seen attacking tourists, eating sandwiches, drinking from water bottles and even trying to steal a womans handbag. One resident said: He is even more vicious than his father and grandfather'
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, runs a hugely successful drama school in Los Angeles. Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler, Halle Berry, Sharon Stone and many others. So powerful are her methods, she reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes.
The runner who won the Boston Marathon in 2013 and donated his medal to the city after the deadly terrorist bombings has been crowned this year's men's winner. Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division after a tense final stretch.
The most popular question typed into Google during that time period was asking how old Clinton is. The second-most popular was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?' Clinton is 67 years old and a member of the Democratic Party. Last Monday, Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) announced he is seeking the Oval Office in 2016. That day, Google Politics tweeted what it said were 'Related questions to Rand Paul in the last 24 hours' The top questions on Marco Rubio were 'How old is Marco Rubio?' and 'Where was Rubio born?'
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. One photograph encapsulated the terror: a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of Baylee. Her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day.
Vincent Viafore from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on the rough Hudson River with Angelika Graswald when he was thrown in on Sunday evening. The 46-year-old was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak. His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time. She managed to make it out and call 911 but Viafore is still missing. On Monday she asked friends for their prayers as the search continued.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' is located in the northwestern region of the Arabian peninsula, in the middle of a vast desert landscape. The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh during the pinnacle of Nabatean era. Unesco declared the historic series of tombs Saudi Arabia's first World Heritage site in 2008.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in the house that featured as Margo Leadbetter's home. Great-grandmother-of-five has lived in Hillingdon, north-west London, since 1986. She said: 'From what I have seen I think Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life. That's my personal opinion' Comments come after PM promised to deliver 'the greatest sunshine' of a job, a home, tax cuts and a secure retirement.
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff. Jarvis, a Spelman College grad, first joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama's office. The Maryland native lost both parents and a brother before she was 30 and, Jarvis's deputy Melissa Winter said, 'The first lady was able to fill unintentionally some areas of Kristen's life that she was missing growing up'
Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz, Justin Timberlake, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Michael Douglas, Lewis Hamilton and Russell Crowe have all enjoyed some time at the venue. Pennyhill Park boasts a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, and eight swimming pools. Guests can take full advantage of Thermal Heaven at the spa, exploring its various treatment rooms.
Rik Mayall died suddenly aged 56 last June. But probate records reveal he had no will  even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998. Lawyers have always advised that people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls. Mayall's children would be automatically entitled to a share of his net estate of £1,192,701.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed, and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. Doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook. She also shared a starling photograph of the teenager unconscious in a hospital bed with breathing apparatus and wires across his body.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. The employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and woke 14 minutes into the flight. In a desperate bid for help, he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off. Today, the unnamed Seattle Airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it hadn't been for the passengers' bags.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison confirms that the government is actively researching possible legislation changes. Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children must give up their childcare payments from the government unless care is quarantined to the home. The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day -old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
Richie Benaud, 84, who died on Friday, revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. The cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was receiving for his skin cancer. Benaud hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries. But he had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne for 40 minutes every morning, in the hope that he could return to work. The former cricketer said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen.
Luke Shambrook was found on Tuesday three kilometres from where he went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne. He was suffering from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found. Doctors say they are stunned with how healthy Luke appeared, considering he had gone without food or water since Good Friday. A police helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fourth day of an increasingly desperate search.
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in league activities starting on Friday. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. The Vikings claimed they wanted him back on the roster, and he was set to earn $12.75million for the upcoming season. But Peterson and his camp had taken issue with the team's chief operating officer, Kevin Warren.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect. Police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. The 96-year-old told officers he was never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces'
A third of men have never picked up a bucket or chamois leather to wash their car. Three-quarters of women never wash their own car with drivers more likely to take it to a car wash on a local forecourt. Rise of hand car washes and 4x4 and off-road vehicles too large to clean blamed for decline.
The donor, Josh Dall-Leighton of Windham said that Maine Medical Center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him. Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse him for unpaid time away from work. The appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it's illegal to sell organs.
Singer Miley Cyrus this week challenged convention by leaving her underarms unshaved. Here, we explore why being hairy may be good for you. Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health. Hair follicles are rich in stem cells - cells that help the skin heal.
Groups of men and women were asked whether they would kill a young Hitler to prevent WWII. Researchers from Germany, Canada and the United States analysed answers to the Hitler question, and others like it, from 6,100 people. They found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line. Women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali. The 34-year-old took to social media to find the owner of the sentimental ring. She created a 'Find Joe and Jenny' Facebook page to track down the owner. The Langley's granddaughter, Jade, messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa and that they lived under 300 kilometres away from Ms Walsh. The post has been shared more than 250,000 times on Facebook.
Alexis Tsipras, Greeces prime minister, will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Comes amid reports that the Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas in a bid to lessen its dependence on the West. Visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female pilot in the Afghan military since the fall of the Taliban in 2001. Last week she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award. First Lady Michelle Obama honored Rahmani's bravery, commitment, and empowerment of women and girls in Afghanistan.
Robert Knowles, 68, from Plymouth, has been in court at least once a year since 1959. The serial shoplifter first broke the law when he was 13 and has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record. It is believed Knowles has now clocked up in the region of 350 offences over his lifetime. He pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth £50 from H Samuel in the city centre at Plymouth Magistrates Court.
The 41-year-old Australian woman had a medical emergency on New Year's Eve after inhaling an earring into her lungs. Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag, and she heard a coarse rattle when she shook it. Despite this, she ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device. She took a deep inspiration, but immediately felt a painful scratch in her throat. She began coughing up blood, wheezing and became short of breath, and was rushed by ambulance to the A&E department of St Vincent's
The predicted life spans of women aged 65, 75, 85 and 95 fell in 2012. It is the first time since 1995 that falls in all four age groups were recorded. By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks. For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks  two and a half months less.
Stunning set of images was taken in a forest near Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday by body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald. It looks like an ordinary forest, with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor. But, if you look closely, you will see that this picture is not all it seems. For the peaceful scene actually features a carefully painted female model.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet. His parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors but none could diagnose his condition. 'If doctors cannot treat my son it is better that God takes him,' says mother.
Hackers cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde. They also took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours. Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning. He told RTL radio that the network has restored its signal. But it can only broadcast recorded programs, not live content.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim, identified by her first name of Chloe, yesterday afternoon in France while drunk She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted and after being forced into Huminskis car and then driven to an isolated wood. Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of extreme violence But he had driven to France in a Polish registered car this week, and intended to travel to Britain to stay with family who had emigrated there.
Margaret Bates, from Mottram, Tameside, said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter Kelly-Anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover James Smith. Mrs Bates, 60, said: 'I wish Id killed him the first time I saw him. That way Kelly would still be alive'
Japanese women are tying blue ribbons under their breasts and over their arms. The idea was inspired by a popular 'anime' cartoon character. Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon has her own signature. The trend has been copied by ordinary women and those who practice Cosplay.
Princess Eugenie attended For The Love Of Cinema dinner in New York. The 25-year-old looked glamorous in a chic white dress with gold embellishment. mingled with a host of A-listers and film industry bigwigs. Event was also attended by Dakota Fanning and Kelly Brook.
Researchers from Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. Results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the toy. Among those born in the decade after the toy began to be manufactured, the proportion of synesthetes with learned letter-colour pairings was closer to 15 per cent. For participants born between 1970 and 1985, the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the
Ian Gibson, 55, was killed by a young bull elephant in Zimbabwe on Wednesday. He was measuring its ivory tusks for a U.S. client, who has not been identified. Twitter users were widely unsympathetic to Gibson's death, with one calling him a'magnificent wildlife photographer and conservationist'
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months. They stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties. But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested. They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20st. She would snack on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks. It wasn't until she broke down in a shop changing room when she couldn't squeeze into their largest dress that she finally resolved to lose weight. Following her strict diet and fitness regime Leanne has shed seven stone.
June Whitfield, 89, is best known for her role in Absolutely Fabulous. She will make a guest appearance in the BBC soap next week as Sister Ruth. Her character will offer advice to Jessie Wallaces character Kat Moon. Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace.
Noel Marshall and Tippi Hedren made the film Roar with their family. The 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew. The film revolves around a wildlife preservationist who lives with his wife and children alongside a number of wild lions, tigers, cheetahs and elephants. The trailer for the film documents some of the dangers the family put themselves through.
In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented. It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church do not object to the plans to fix a date for Easter.
The hit US TV series features Francis Underwood, played by Kevin Spacey, and his wife Claire. Much of the action in House Of Cards takes place on Capitol Hill, home to the Senate and the House of Representatives. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots. Every politician needs to connect with his or her voters.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January. The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and older brother Rudi, 22. Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town. It emerged in February that an audio recording of the emergency phone call made by Henri, seems to reveal him 'giggling' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre
'I think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination,' he told a reporter. Mr. Abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other U.S. weapons during his visit. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did not make a specific request for additional military support during the meeting.
Housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions could get the chance to buy them at discounted prices under new right-to-buy plans. A number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to live. in flats in exclusive parts of Mayfair and Covent Garden in London which are owned by housing associations. Many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up cash. Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck somehow opened as it was moving. Video shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles. Police have warned that if anyone is caught with the money they could be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn in West Lothian, had suffered stretchmarks after having twins. She posted the images in a bid to boost her confidence and told her followers: 'Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' But only two minutes later, her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence' Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake' and re-instated her account.
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman, lying with her legs apart on the ground, was posted on SOHO nightclubs Facebook page on April 3. Luke Lazarus was sentenced on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old at his father's club. The photo was soon removed by the club's management after a backlash on Twitter. The club agreed that the photo used was '100 per cent inappropriate'
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. She and another man bluffed their way in and stole several bottles of whisky. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work. The incidents occurred after Doherty was freed from jail having been in prison for 16 months for leading a gypsy girl gang which carried out a string of vicious robberies. Doherty has been jailed for two years and Lawrence for five years.
Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from the upper floor of the Scout centre. He had been volunteering as a climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre. Shortly before his death, Jake had been celebrating the Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games called 'Power Hour' and 'Ring of Fire' After consuming a large amount of beer in the staff room at the centre he returned to his room at around 2.45am in a'very drunk state' It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window and toppled out of the window at the adventure camp.
Audrie Pott, 15, killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted. She fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party. She awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body. Her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages. Three teenagers pleaded guilty to sexual assault last year and were sentenced to 30-45 days in a juvenile detention facility. Two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the 'criminal acts' as they reached a civil settlement with her family
Prime Minister says seven key Tory policies will help get people on to the property ladder by building more homes and cutting the cost of saving for a deposit, moving house and paying off mortgages. Tory leader, wearing notably clean new work boots, as he chatted to house builders, insisted 'dream of home ownership is alive'
Biso squeezed into the hole in the wall at Mohamed Naguib metro station in 2010. He survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him every day. But the cat soon became too big to escape - and had to stay behind the wall. Biso's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of his tail was posted on Facebook last month.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds. Police were called to a KFC in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm. Found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds being treated by customers. Police received reports that victim Mr Mbye had been dropped off at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in a white Audi. But despite the best efforts of doctors, he died two hours later. Police have appealed for eyewitnesses and are not looking for anyone else in connection with the murder.
Binh and Phuoc Wagner of Kingston, Ontario were adopted by Michael and Johanne Wagner around a year and a half ago from Vietnam. The twins suffer from Alagille syndrome, a life-threatening genetic disorder that causes a loss of the bile ducts within the liver during the first year of life. When Mr Wagner and his wife Johanne found out that both girls would need a liver transplant, they were relieved to find out that he was a perfect match. However, Wagner was only able to give a portion of his liver to just one of his daughters, leaving him with an impossible choice. In
Astronauts Barry Wilmore and Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GoPro cameras outside the ISS on February 25 and March 1. The clip was recorded to give the future ISS workers an idea of what they can expect when they go into space to maintain the commercial spacecraft. In the footage Virts and Wilmore can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents. She was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
The two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years. Darker blue show deep craters, while the grey and white areas reveal areas of elevation. To the left of the craters is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms' The map also shows Mare Orientale, an impact crater that was partially flooded by basalts.
Dante de Blasio, the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including Ivy League universities Yale and Brown. The mayor's son, who is 17 and a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School will make his decision by the end of the month. Despite his six figure salary and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn, de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education.
Five-year-old Palestinian boy launches stones at Israeli police in West Bank. Youngster, dressed in combat gear, raced back to safety after attack. Violence erupted during protest to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day. More than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces.
Lisa Courtney, of Hertfordshire, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon. Her fixation with the Japanese characters started at the age of nine. She now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection. Her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room.
Justin Jackson, from Florida, accused of eight-year trail of deceit. Allegedly posed as Oprah Winfrey, Reggie Love and Madonna's manager. Court papers say he tried to get free clothes, food and jewelry worth $2.4m. Also accused of sending fake letters of recommendation for jobs to hotels. Jackson is being sued by Oprah's TV network and Love.
Delroy Facey, 34, is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. Ex-Bolton Wanderers forward is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp to fix matches. He is also accused of telling a contact that some Football Conference teams would 'do' a game in return for payment. Facey and Moses Swaibu, 25, deny conspiring together and with others to commit bribery.
Shannon Dooley, 30, founded 'Retrosweat' aerobics class. Inspired by Eighties VHS workouts made famous by Jane Fonda. 50-minute class has 12 dance tracks and choreography to match soundtrack. Dooley says there's no set demographic - men and women love it.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis (MS) In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin, the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease. Miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete's foot, while clobetsol is commonly prescribed to treat eczema.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources. A party strategist said'something extraordinary' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list. Among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is Folkestone and Hythe, where candidate Janice Atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at club. Footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs, which is against venue's policy. Nawaz, a convicted former extremist, can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked for him.
Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael, after her late father. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. The couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision; Nicholas, 37, has launched an online petition.
David Adam Pate from Lancaster, North Carolina, told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in November 2013. He told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad gum head off' and that he cut him with a butcher's knife, 'just like the one Michael Myers used in (the movie) Halloween' During an interview after his arrest, he even blamed the victim for the murder, saying: 'It was his fault'
On four separate occasions, grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. Video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody. The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire. Although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, this is the first time they have been seen around Britain.
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, shot dead Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. He killed them in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death in 1970. Cathy McGuigan was killed when she was thrown from car being driven by her father, who was driving a truck. Brent's father, Herbert, later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving. Judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance' In February, he pleaded guilty to first-degree murder
Analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the Home Counties. Potential goldmine in the Weald Basin could meet up to a third of Britains oil demand within 15 years. Horse Hill Developments consortium made the discovery during test drilling in a well five miles from Gatwick Airport.
The Wak alarm clock is affixed to the wall behind the bed. It has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers' body heat. The device pivots and sends a directed beam of light and sound to rouse an individual. It partners with an app so that users can tell the device which side of the bed they sleep on and when they want to wake up. The alarm costs $250 (£167) to pre-order on Kickstarter and is due to ship in September.
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday. Wray was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at the off-campus frat house. A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval' The Pi Kappa Alpha chapter at USU decided to suspend Wray after his arrest and then 'voluntarily ceased operations, other than general meetings'
You dont need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life. So here are a few suggestions. Theyre all easy to reach, require no deep knowledge, and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be.
Wandsworth council to remove rule giving automatic place to siblings. Families who move more than 800 metres from school will lose entitlement. More than 80,000 children face missing out on preferred primary school. Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school.
Nine-year-old Yazidi girl has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner in the Islamic State. She was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men', according to aid workers. Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq. They had been held captive since last summer when ISIS militants attacked their villages in the area around Sinjar in northwestern Iraq.
Amy Hughes, 26, decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year, to raise money for a friends daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. The challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record. She also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew.
Mysterious benefactor sends £1.5million to Bath Abbey in plain brown envelope. Donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' The cash will be put towards the Abbey's restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor and fit heating powered by the Bath springs.
Jessica Bialek, 37, was last seen leaving her home in Coogee on Wednesday morning. Her husband Sabino Matera said he spoke to her thatmorning but she has been 'out of reach since then' The mother-of-one returned home on Thursday evening and is now speaking with officers about her disappearance. Police are working through phone records, social media, CCTV, and financial records to try and locate the woman, Detective Superintendent Gavin Dengate said.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, West London, ballooned to 23 stone. She wore a size 26 to size 28 and would comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her. The mother-of-three has now slimmed down to 11 stone and is a size 12.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease, multiple sclerosis. A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013. She said that she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression. Hollie claims she has not suffered any MS symptoms over the past 12 months, her depression has gone
The interactive map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB. It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia. The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world, according to the map.
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook. Reaves calmly dug around his mouth until he grabbed the loose tooth, pulls it out of his mouth and hands it to his trainer. The St. Louis 2-1 win moved the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead with three games left in the season.
The creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. While most of its body is a brilliant lime green, like all species of glass frogs, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible. It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this characteristic, by its long toes and black and white eyes. The first glass frog was discovered in 1872 and there are 149 known species in Central and South America.
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. He is now under house arrest at their Ruskin, Florida home as he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years. On Monday, Hughes called his 80-mile journey to the Capitol 'a huge thrill' and shared footage of the flight from Virginia, across Washington D.C. and his safe landing. 'I didn't have a
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton on Easter Sunday afternoon. The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday. Desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the Leeton High School drama and English teacher. Police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 Yazidi women and girls who escaped from ISIS. They say ISIS is guilty of organised rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery and forced marriage  acts that constitute war crimes. Yazidi children as young as eight have been abducted from their homes in northern Iraq, raped by ISIS fighters and forced into marriage. One child interviewed said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men. Another victim told Human Rights Watch how she had tried to kill herself so that she wouldn't be raped again.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as astonishing The offer from one of the countrys biggest mortgage lenders  HSBC is consistently in the top five  launches on Monday.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names. WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the eponymous militant group. As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. The Hurricane Committee also backed Mexico's request to retire the name Odile.
Jamie, 13, Reuben, 13 and Finley, 10, were chosen from 5,700 other hopefuls. They were given a guided tour of MI5's London HQ and met director-general. It was the first time cameras were allowed to film inside the MI5 building.
YouTuber Dave Haxs clever spud solution does away with peelers, and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. The process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through, making sure to get the line to meet on the other side. Chefs then need to boil the spuds for as long as needed and let them drain before running under cold water.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem found pregnancy helps regenerate tissue and slow down the ageing process. Say tests carried out on pregnant mice suggested they 'got youth serum injection' from babies. Previous research has also found that old mice given a transfusion of younger mice's blood performed better in a memory task.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have allegedly been butchered in the past year. Paws, meat and gall bladders of'moon bears' are sold for £625 a bear. They are smuggled to China for use in traditional medicine. In Halong Bay, a staggering 30 out of 49 captive bears have died in the last three months. Government has ordered the remaining 19 bears to be taken to a sanctuary.
Robin Weld of Sacramento has installed a hybrid sink-toilet in response to the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown last week. Chris Brown of Brentwood has installed one of his company's 10,000-gallon rainwater tanks under his home as well as a smaller tank to collect gray water. Scott Mathers, the owner of Hey! Tanks LA, uses his gray water to, among other things, feed his horses.
Emma Hannigan, 42, was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005. It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent. She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy to reduce her risk. But a year after the surgery, she was told she had breast cancer. Since 2007, Mrs Hannigan has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in the space of a year. She is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks as specialists try to keep the disease at bay.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was told she was infertile after the birth of her fourth child. She stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. Doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again. She fell pregnant for a fifth time last November. Nadine has been told she is expecting two boys and a girl.
McGuffey High School in Pennsylvania is attracting national media attention for all the wrong reasons. A group of students organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest, with future events scheduled. Organizers encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied.
Ed Sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer. The British singer, who is currently touring New Zealand, took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help Jess Knight celebrate her 20th birthday in Auckland Hospital. Ms Knight said she 'couldn't stop smiling' following the memorable visit. 'He was just the nicest guy. So humble and down to earth,' Ms Knight told Daily Mail Australia.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens. It took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2. JJ Abrams, the films director, confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, instead of CGI, but did not reveal how it works. The robot's body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction, but it also has a completely free-moving head that doesnt fall off. It could be that the droid
Zachary Davis, now 17, is on trial for the murder of his mother Melanie Davis, 46, in August 2012. He bludgeoned her to death with a sledgehammer while she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh. On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how Davis laughed as he killed his mother, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing. He confessed to police after he was apprehended at a convenience store eight miles away, having fled the scene. He said he only had one regret from that night, 'I would probably
A museum in Hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago. The ship was owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii. Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings. 'We found gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high- and low-end European stuff
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Milibands plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going. He was branded the Man with No Shame after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal. His criticism of Labour threatens to demolish its claim to be the champion of the NHS.
The beautiful Martinhal is a hit with families - and TV stars such as Ben Fogle. But despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes, the water is cold. Martinhal, which boasts a fine-dining restaurant, is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. The chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were hard-wired very differently and werent as adept at playing chess as men. Mr Short was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his cherished bear with him on every Spitfire and Defiant flight he took to defend Britain from the aerial onslaught from Hitler's Luftwaffe. He was known as one of 'The Few', which comes from Winston Churchill's famous phrase: 'Never, in the field of human conflict, was so much owed by so many to so few' The pilot gave his teddy a RAF tie and printed the Royal crest, the letters AM for Air Ministry and his nickname 'Bea' on his chest. When he died aged 87 in 1997, his bear - suffering from a little wear
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with Barbara Walters for '20/20', which will air tonight. The couple, who have two teenage daughters, met when Fuala Pau was in her second grade class in Seattle and then again in sixth grade. Letourau said they began to spend more time together as she helped him develop his drawing skills that school year and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual. She was arrested and gave birth to their first daughter while on bail in May 1997. She ultimately went to prison
Visualize You processes an image of you to reveal what you'd look like if you were thinner - and perhaps inspire you to achieve your weight loss goal. Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. The app, which costs £1.61 ($2.40) on Android and $1.49 ($1.99) on iOS, has been developed by US company Visual Health Solutions Inc but with the assistance of major American hospitals.
After a night of drinking, your immune system is bound to be weaker. This is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and even sunbathing. Now, for the first time, researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle. Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. And at Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her. The 'Scooby' van, named as an homage to the Scooby-Doo cartoon and its 'Mystery Machine' vehicle, is an upgraded Chevrolet 1500. Clinton's black van started at her palatial Ch
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, are accused of assaulting the youngster at the UK Islamic Mission's (UKIM) Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. The boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons at the mosque between May 1 and June 13 last year. It is claimed on one occasion he suffered a black eye.
Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. But within the US, opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. People in California, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US.
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking. Finally, almost half a year later, the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three, based in Sitka, Alaska, saw a post on a Facebook sales site.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning. Police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death, but they said there was no evidence to suggest foul play. Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Westchester County reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going. This after Davion was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children. 'I guess I always thought of you as my mom,' Davion said to Going last December. 'Only now I get to call you that for real, right?' Going is set to officially become Davion's mother on April 22, and will admit it has not been an easy task.
Delonte Martistee, 22, of Bainbridge, Georgia, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, of Mobile, Alabama, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12. The two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. The video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair. The unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface, such as Ceres. Nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on Earth. It follows claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years.
More than 2,000 families have fled the Iraqi city of Ramadi. ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province. The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive. Hundreds of U.S. troops have been training Iraqi forces at a military base.
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after the potential drone sighting. Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights were diverted to other airports while a police helicopter scoured the area. Flights resumed after the police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners.
Letter was sent to Christopher Moody, brother of officer James Moody. Mr Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. Company bosses demand £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money. They say it will be the family's job to pay for him to be transported to morgue and for burial.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week. He lured fellow Hungarians to America with promises of easy work and high wages - then took their travel documents, threatened their families, and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work. He faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated. Her third-place finish last year also was wiped out after officials couldn't find evidence that she crossed any of that event's checkpoints. Schler claims to have removed both the magnetic strips meant to record her times from her race (violation of race protocol
The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after riots and looting broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality. Guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets of the suburb in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles. The guard were activated again in November ahead of the November 24 decision by a St Louis grand jury who decided not to indict the officer who shot Michael Brown.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside. The truck was stolen from Coria's driveway on Tuesday. Police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot, but its bed and wheels had been stripped. When Coria went on Facebook after the truck was found, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevrolet Stepside bed that looked familiar. She put two and two together and arranged to meet the man with her husband
Anaesthetic is used to send patients to sleep during surgery but it may also be warming the planet. Scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade. The gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year.
Study screened seven Harry Potter novels and asked participants to rate each on valence and arousal ratings. Valence refers to how positive or negative a word is, while arousal refers to its 'physiological intensity', or the extent to which it affects the reader and their view of the word or text. These properties are normally used for words in isolation, which can be categorised as negative, neutral, and positive. But researchers from Lancaster University wanted to see how these classifications and findings for individual words could be applied to passages of text and books as a whole. They selected 120 passages, each of which was four lines long and
Four South African men accused of stabbing a Mozambican man to death in an anti-immigrant attack in a Johannesburg township. The brutal murder of Emmanuel Sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots.
Almond growers in California are at the centre of a row over water usage. The state supplies more than three-quarters of the world's $4.93bn market. Despite the ongoing drought, almond growers are still planting trees. Campaign singles out Nestle as the main villain after investigation.
Train conductor Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements in verse since Christmas last year. The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since. He customises the couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through. 'The poems aren't that clever really. They're not Wordsworth, but it's all a bit of fun,' he said.
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project is has been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. The MHOX Eye concept is designed to replace and even enhance the vision compared to a normal eye. The group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight.
US basketball star Thabo Sefolosha blamed six officers from the New York Police Department (NYPD) for breaking his leg. The Atlanta Hawks player made the statement through his club's Twitter account, saying that his injury had left him in 'great pain' and 'was caused by the police' The 6'7'' swingman was arrested alongside teammate Pero Anti for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. They were charged with obstructing governmental administration. He was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments, and is unable to play any of the matches left in the season
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere as the vaccine was not a good match to fight against the two types of flu. High-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous Australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' Consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. One example is a 7-minute video of Disney's 'Frozen' characters who appear as dolls inside a toy McDonald's, eating ice cream and drinking Sprite.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham. Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit. Texas Health Resources spokesman Wendell Watson said in a statement Friday that the company and the hospital acted responsibly to protect their employees.
PM's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. He admits the comparison is 'not great', with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old. Nancy has taken to using the putdown 'That is SO Phil Dunphy' to highlight her father's flaws.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. She said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly. 'They immediately jumped on me and knocked me to the ground, punched me in the face,' Williams said. Police are using mall surveillance to try and identify the attackers.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black. Mrs Byrd, who was sworn in on Wednesday, told the Daily Mail Online she is still not sure why the city employees quit.
Stephen King slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy and TV mini-series. Finally, three years later, things are back on track - this time with Sony. The movie and TV version is said to mainly stem from the first novel, The Gunslinger, focusing on the lead character Roland.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Heart themed bunk beds, or alternatively try the snug Looking Glass Cottage. Jacqueline Martin, 37, said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like Pinterest. The house currently holds a perfect 5/5 score on TripAdvisor with customers singing its praises.
The youngster stands on the bank of what appears to be a lake and holds a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod. He then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling. Fighting against what may well be a weed, the young boy continues to reel and before long a fish breaks the surface. The boy plucks the fish from the water, lays it on the floor and confidently puts his finger in its mouth to remove the hook. The youngster proudly holds his catch, which appears to been a Nile Tilapia, up to the camera.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children. Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh. Often, the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, has been suspended without pay. She assigned her third-grade class to write 'get well' letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal. The letters were delivered to him in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes. The former Black Panther is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner. A second batch of students, from the  the Philadelphia Student Union, also sent Abu-Jama letters.
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption. Melanie Diane Gilmore, 49, has been reunited with her mother after 49 years. Gilmore's children helped her find her mother through a name given to Gilmore through her adoptive parents. Price and Gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother's house in Olivette, Missouri. Gilmore also had a chance to meet her biological brother Harvey.
The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year, with more arriving than any other nationality. Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia. Mr Taylor says legislation proposed by two Islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry.
Ed Balls refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax if Labour form the next government. He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, saying he was unsure how quickly the threshold could be raised. Businesses are already concerned about Labours stated plans not to cut corporation tax  paid by all large firms on their profits.
Mass doggy wedding saw more than 40 pooches tie the knot in a park in Beijing. The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China. It was organised by a new social media app designed for pets. Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and, in one case, a stretch Hummer limousine.
Cleopatra was known for her love of perfume, liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip. Perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger, more athletic or even slimmer than she actually is. So what are the perfect perfumes to make others think we're slim, sexy, sporty or sophisticated?
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool. PETA Australia has been petitioning the Australian retail giant to reconsider their stance in using the controversial fur. Morrissey will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May. In February, he banned meat products from being sold at the Opera House during his upcoming shows there.
Stefan Stoykov, a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana, moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of English. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Grand Rapids, Michigan Police have an arrest warrant out for suspect Jalin Smith-Walker in connection to the Monday evening fight. Monday evening's incident was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the shocking clip to the website World Star Hip Hop. The fight starts off with a few punches, and moves to the two girls brawling on a car. Eventually the two part, and Smith- Walker is seen getting in her gray car across the street. That's when her victim grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at her windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot. In a heartless response,
@BarbieStyle has more than 730,000 followers since it launched last August. The doll's director of design, Robert Best, and creative and photography lead, Zlatan Zukanovic, travel to each location that Barbie visits to take photos of her in one-of-a-kind outfits.
Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on This Morning to talk about feeling lonely. She said Facebook made her feel like she was left out of the fun her friends were having. Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. In comparison, 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends.
The Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity. Republican Sen. Jason Smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies. The new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from Sen. John Sparks, a Norman Democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition to get the spikes removed. Critics say the metal studs are there to stop people sleeping rough. But McDonald's say they were installed two years ago to stop anti-social behaviour, not to target the homeless. The fast food giant has defended the use of the spikes.
Tories claim Russian leader Vladimir Putin would be happy with Ed Miliband as prime minister because he cannot be trusted to keep our Trident submarines. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader. Nick Boles claimed the Russian president would be pleased to see Mr Miliband enter Downing Street propped up by Nicola Sturgeon.
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards out of her cot and get trapped between the horizontal handrail. 19-month-old was left dangling mid air by her neck and was only saved because her mother had been watching her on the baby monitor. Furniture boss Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence. Judge Karen Holt said the design of the cot 'could have been fatal'
John Frost is a Customs specialist at London airports. He has had 'to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you' Frost says he wouldnt trust a nun with a crutch The worst part of the job, however, is the strip-search.
Aluel Manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the Royal Children's about 5.15pm on Friday. Her mother Akon Guode visited her daughter for the first time but did not stay the night in the hospital. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says five-year-old Awel remains in a serious condition but she remembers the accident. Mr Manyang said his daughter was expected to make a '100 per cent' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days. Ms Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home. 'Spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on the value of your house,' she said. Changing the door handles is her first tip. De-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on The Block will add cash to your sale.
Hattie Gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned. The advert features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49.
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express. Esser worked in Fleet Street during the glory days, when reporters kept four pennies in their pockets for the telephone box and enjoyed liquid lunches on expenses.
Argentina accuses three British oil firms of working without permission. Comes after Falkland residents voted to stay British in recent referendum. But Buenos Aires claims the islands and surrounding waters belong to Argentina. Last week, Argentine president and ambassador Alicia Castro attacked the UK Government's plan to boost defences on the South Atlantic islands.
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning tech entrepreneur. Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years. Burston has now started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island. She hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from a Glasgow club on Sunday morning. She told friends she was going to the loo but did not return and did not take her coat. CCTV footage shows her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in nearby Kelvindale. Handbag thought to belong to Miss Buckley was found in a park near the mans home yesterday, causing police to say they are gravely concerned about her safety. Her parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help with the search for the Glasgow Caldeonian University student.
Mystery man found on streets of Gniezno, western Poland, in February. He told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. He communicates only in English, but knows a few Polish phrases. Police have released images of the man in the hope that someone will recognise him.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. He was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother. MacDonald, of County Durham, says he's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his. He says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus.
Police response times in some areas have increased by up to 50 per cent. In Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes. Crime victims in Cambridgeshire and South Wales wait on average 14 minutes. The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009.
Freddie Gray, 27, was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore, Maryland, by four officers for an undisclosed violation. Gray died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, likely from spinal injuries. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable' after his early-morning death.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer months after she moved in to his £615,000 flat. He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been the intended beneficiaries for more than 20 years. His family claimed the carer exploited the childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease and was in poor health. But the mother-of-one, 50, insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family.
Channel Ten show The Project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest Michael Che. In a cringeworthy gaffe, two of the three clips shown were of Ches castmate, Jay Pharoah. Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program.
The OrcaSub takes you 2000 feet beneath the surface in two pressurised Perspex viewing domes for optimum exploration. The Migaloo by Motion Code: Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet, providing your guests with a luxury adventure. The Super Yacht Sub 3 offers compact private submersible sailing, and allows three passengers to explore the ocean.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia. The 5.68m juvenile female was at first difficult for Department of Parks and Wildlife staff to identify. The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
The 2015 general election is just over two weeks away. This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise. Party leader underwear, Tory cupcake cases and UKIP pendents are all on sale. Many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites.
Mohammed Nisar, 55, had been driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station. Mr Quinn, 46, hopped out of the vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother. On realising his mistake Mr Quinn felt 'dazed' and tried to flag down another cab. But when he arrived back at the taxi rank he found the bag on the back seat. He gave Mohammed a cash reward in an envelope marked 'to my best friend in the world'
Duchess of Cambridge, 33, is a huge fan of Hobbs and Séraphine. She has repeatedly worn the budget labels during her second pregnancy. She is also a fan of ASOS, JoJo Maman Bébé and Alice Temperley. Her style icon status has made her wardrobe accessible to the public.
Charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after French air-traffic strikes. They were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation. Association of European Airlines confirmed no other airline has attempted to charge. There were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across Europe this month following the 48-hour strike by French air traffic controllers.
The Beautification machine was created by Austrian designers Maya Pindeus and Johanna Pichlbauer. The device applies eyeliner with a long black brush, while an attachment smears lipstick on lips. The machine made its debut at the Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015, in France.
Robert Ewing, 60, accused of murdering 15-year-old Paige Chivers in 2007. He allegedly rang police two weeks before she went missing to tell officers that a 'problem child' had turned up on his doorstep. Paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home. Despite appeals from police and a £12,000 reward offer from TV host Jeremy Kyle, no trace of her has ever been found. Ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in September last year and is currently on trial at Preston Crown Court.
Ron and June Phillips were travelling on a Thomson Celebration cruise ship. The liner was cruising off the coast of Lanzarote when it is alleged Graeme Finlay beat the frail, elderly pair. He denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips grievous bodily harm. Teesside Crown Court heard how crew members discovered a bloodstained T-shirt and bed sheets in Mr Finlay's cabin.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. During her sentencing, Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison, but on Friday Judge Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail' The head of the Royal College of Nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses. Patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times.
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days. The father-of-three battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. The Marathon des Sables translates into English as Marathon of the Sands. It was started in 1986 by Patrick Bauer - a French concert promoter.
Harriet Harman has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol, she told LBC Radio: We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax' Chancellor George Osborne yesterday said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the fuel duty escalator
There are now 120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health. Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. The growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program he approved on March 26.
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Last week, a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line. The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole. On Tuesday, the Richard family revisited the finish line to take part in a memorial.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her range for plus-size retailer Evans. Launched seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses at Manchester store. TOWIE star is proud to have gone from selling cards in Romford to fashion designer. Says she designs everything with her customers in mind.
Noelle Baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in after she failed to answer the door. The 61-year-old's body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Staffordshire Bull Terrier. Pathologist could not determine the exact cause of death because the dogs, who were trapped in the house, ate parts of her vital organs.
Puno sits on the shores of Lake Titicaca, one of the world's largest lakes. The city's colourful fiestas combine Spanish and Inca traditions. The Uros Islands are made from totora reeds, which grow abundantly in the lake. Taquile is the same size as Sark in the Channel Islands.
The eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship in the coastal city of Gdansk. Dildos have been found in some form throughout history, with Upper Palaeolithic artefacts previously discovered being said to be likely used for sexual pleasure.
Parking charges topped a table of the most-loathed fees and charges in the poll by insurer Direct Line. ATM cash withdrawal fees and debit and credit card surcharges for booking items such as air travel were also high on the list. A total of 48 per cent thought they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. The 25-year-old was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast. The car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on Bay Road in the heart of the town but the German was nowhere in sight. She contacted local authorities and informed them that she had been in Glenelg Conservation Park and that she was safe and well. It is not know why she was in the national park without the car.
The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit in January. The dark web is used as a way of sharing information and trading goods online without being found by traditional search engines. He will be sentenced later this month for the offence.
U.S. has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt off Yemeni coast. It is keeping an eye on eight Iranian cargo vessels suspected of carrying weapons. Vessels' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition fighting Houthi rebels. Pentagon spokesman refused to say whether US would intercept the fleet. But he said: 'We don't know what the convoy of ships plans to do, but we are watching them'
Thirty-five people killed and 125 injured in suicide bomb attack in Jalalabad. Attacker detonated explosive-laden motorcycle outside a bank early Saturday morning. Group were waiting to receive their monthly salaries when bomb exploded. Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said.
Health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing. Say it can help enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms. Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth.
Knightsbridge flat, London, has just three years left on the lease. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million. It boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a reception room and utility room along with a lift, parking and a communal garden. Estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on the market.
Naomi, 44, and 24-year-old Jourdan unveiled as faces of Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine collection. The second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by Thomas Burberry.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each  nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping. Mr Jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords, which are highly sought after by international collectors. He made the drastic change in career five years ago when his job working as a manager in a government organisation left him feeling 'empty'
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was a fierce critic of president Bashar al-Assad. The father of six was found slumped in a Volkswagen Passat in Wembley. His son Murhaf said: 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet' He added: 'My family and I have been in a state of shock ever since we learned of this terrible news' Metropolitan Police counter-terrorism officers are leading the inquiry.
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children to Fashion Week. Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney. Designer Camilla Freeman-Topper brought her daughter along to the Ten Pieces show at Bondi Icebergs on Thursday.
Waitrose announced the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums. Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal. English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March.
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of the Ukip leader. He said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So what I'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel' The prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th Century Polish aristocrat would do.
Labour leader says police are'struggling to keep up' with rise in crime. Claims serious criminals 'are being let off the hook' by Tory cuts. Police and crime commissioners (PCCs) would be axed to fund £800m plan. But party's police adviser, Lord Stevens, is to be investigated over Lawrence probe.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The conversion took place at the same time Homeden was being tuned into a block of flats providing the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion. The house will be opened to prospective buyers on 22 April and is set to go under the hammer on 16 May.
Isabelle Obert, a nutrition consultant, believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet. She believes a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered Glynis Bensley, 47, in Smethwick, West Midlands. He was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life. Co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, was sentenced to 10 years for manslaughter. Judge John Warner said the boy had been 'running wild' in his home life.
Jessica Bialek returned home to her husband Sabino Matera on Thursday evening. The 37-year-old was last seen leaving her Coogee home at 8.30am on Wednesday. Police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her. Her husband issued a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped find his wife.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by the BBC after an 'unprovoked physical and verbal' attack in Hawes, North Yorkshire that left his victim, Oisin Tymon, 36, in need of hospital treatment. He has now been given the all-clear, but wrote in his column in The Sunday Times: That was the most stressful day I have ever had in 27 years at the BBC'
Police have released an image of a bearded young man in relation to a suspected arson attack on a Melbourne church. A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong, at 2.15am on April 1. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased convicted paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. Police are investigating whether the blaze is connected to two separate suspicious blazes that were lit two days before at St James Catholic Church. At least five people killed themselves after being abused by paedophile priest Ronald Pickering between 1960 and 1980.
18-month-old Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday. He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path. Youngster was left with blood pouring from his face and inside his mouth. Police have urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Jim Jepps used blog to defend 'rape fantasies' and paedophiles. He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register. Green party leader Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from his rants. She said: 'Jim is a private individual not involved in party politics'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in the tiny town of Halfway in August of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun. The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks. Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' McLean is still traumatized by the event. Doctors diagnosed McLean with post-traumatic stress disorder and urged her to return to the school as a form of desensitization.
Stephanie Scott's father has opened up about the grief his family is feeling. The 26-year-old was murdered just days before her much-anticipated wedding. A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugeneowra. The high school where she worked turned into a memorial site after it emerged Ms Scott had been murdered.
Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy, Bloomberg reporter Ashlee Vance said in an excerpt of his biography Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX And The Quest For A Fantastic Future. Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car.
Professor Eric Cline claims a 'perfect storm' of disasters hit Bronze Age civilisations 3,200 years ago. He claims a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions happened in quick succession. The collapse of one also affected the others, creating a domino-like effect, he says. The demise of the powerful ancient civilisations has long been blamed on a mysterious group of seafaring raiders known as the Sea Peoples. But Professor Cline says the Sea People's may have been unfairly blamed.
Brothers of sex offenders are five times more likely to commit similar crimes. Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending are also more likely. Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. News comes after high profile case of Jimmy Savile, who it was revealedraped and sexually assaulted patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse.
Kate T. Parker, from Atlanta, Georgia, was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters Ella, nine, and Alice, six. 'The project became about capturing my girls and their friends as they truly are and how that is OK -not only OK - but worthy of celebration,' she told Daily Mail Online.
The Philadelphia Eagles officially signed 27-year-old quarterback Tim Tebow to a one-year deal on Monday. Tebow hasn't played a snap in the NFL since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. Originally a first-round draft choice of the Denver Broncos in 2010, the 6-3, 236-pound Tebow worked out with the Eagles last month and must have impressed Philadelphia head coach Chip Kelly.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse are transgender. Church of Latter Day Saints does not recognize transgender people. But they have managed to stay devout members of the church. Around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in a support group. They have started to get the attention of senior church members. Dallin H. Oaks, one of the twelve apostles, said more needs to be done.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989. The farmer would sit on the enormous creature's back while he chatted to him, and never once felt as though he was in danger. Mr Tabone previously owned and ran Johnstone River Crocodile Farm and zoo in far-north Queensland. Gregory was captured after he was found stealing a local farmer's cattle.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition from Sunday. It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn, whose other customers have included Sir Elton John, Ronald Reagan and John Wayne. Although touted as his $10,000 suit, this astronomical price was reportedly a gimmick and the actual value was closer to $2,500.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned. The 21-year-old was last seen leaving his vehicle near Lake Ontario, New York. His body was spotted by a fisherman around 200 yards from a coast guard station. His family, from Fairfield, Connecticut, have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999. They described Max, a third-year photography student, as'very comfortable' there.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police while walking through the Washington, DC-adjacent suburb of Silver Spring on Sunday. The 911 call that reignited the 'free-range' parenting controversy for two Maryland parents has been released. The caller, who was out walking his dog in the suburb, said he saw 'two kids that are unaccompanied, and they've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves' The man continued to tail the children, who eventually did become frightened when they realized they were being followed, until police arrived. Their parents
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York State's Hudson Valley. The hotel is a faux-gothic Victorian castle and may look too faux to European eyes, but the lake, gardens and trails are a vast adventure playground for all ages.
Adelaide Crows captain Taylor 'Tex' Walker was pictured offering a helping hand to seven-year-old Satine Cahill. Satine was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday. The pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. She burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from the nightspot in the upmarket Costa del Sol resort of Puerto Banus. The overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday. Co-accused Craig Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing in Marbella. The two men left the hearing in an English-plated Range Rover they had left parked in a disabled bay near the court. They have both admitted being in the Mercedes with
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, launched Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe. She said the idea came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling fat and unhealthy The couple took selfies to stay motivated to get fit and stay in shape. Charlotte continued to take photos each week and would compare them.
Justin Welby will say in his Easter sermon that 148 Christian students slaughtered by Somali gunmen on Thursday were witnesses to their faith. His comments follow Pope Franciss denunciation of the senseless killings at Garissa University College.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home. The mom-of-five, who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce, also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party. But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Everyone makes mistakes' She also backed up her mother's claim that she had been raped.
Footage shows jihadi attempting to launch attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces. But as the car approaches, it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb. Car is then catapulted 100ft into the air, before exploding like a firework. Latest in a string of videos released by Kurdish forces which show ISIS bungled attacks in Iraq.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is accused of attacking 11 women while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London, between 2010 and 2011. One woman told Southwark Crown Court that she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today. But he was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. He was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not be able to finish the stage. He previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
Robert Mugabe arrived into Pretoria, South Africa for a three-day state visit. At a glance, he appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and a pair of earrings. However, upon closer inspection, it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot. Comes amid claims the president wants his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him.
Bilal Khaled is accused of buying the piece painted on a door belonging to the Darduna family without telling them its real value. The now homeless family in the impoverished Islamist-run Palestinian enclave says they were 'tricked' into parting with the valuable collector's item. The elusive Banksy produced the artwork during a secret visit to Gaza that was blasted in a summer war.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. Burns' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree. He was one of five people who founded the band in Jacksonville, Florida, and played on its first two albums. Burns left the group in 1974 because he was 'overwhelmed by life on the road'
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South. It is a hot spot for South Korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. The beaches, often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital Seoul, features an 'overlapping' of military installations along the coast.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was hired as a police officer in Orting, Washington. He was fired after just under a year on the town's police force. Pickens claims he was the butt of racist jokes and treated unfairly. He has now filed a $5million lawsuit against the town for discrimination.
Richard Ilczyszyn, a leading financial broker, could be heard 'groaning' and 'crying' by staff on the Orange County-bound plane as it prepared to land. But rather than seeking medical help, the attendants allegedly left the father-of-three in the cubicle and, on landing, let off all other passengers before calling paramedics. His wife Kelly, who is a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress. Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month. The Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan.
Miliband announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime. It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into Britain. Labour aides suggested the change in the rules would raise as much as £1billion. But tax advisers immediately disputed this, saying driving non-doms away would cost the Treasury significant sums.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root during the final round of the Masters. The 39-year-old was 470 yards away from the pin on the ninth hole. When he followed through, he slammed the club into a root. He then grabbed his wrist and winces in agony as the joint popped out. Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself. The four-time Masters champion managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par.
Facebook has removed a video that shows Aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless. The social media site deemed the clip, which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio, as containing 'potentially offensive nudity' The video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on Sunday. When the makers of the Alice Springs-based six part comedy TV series for ABC1 posted that Facebook had taken the clip off their page, fans commented that it was 'outrageous' and 'ridiculous'
Mr MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002. He previously ran the National Gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster. His Radio 4 series was inspired by the museum's collection. He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years.
Mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today. This will beat Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week. It will be chillier at night, with parts of the North dipping to 2C (36F) tonight.
New York photographer Justin Bettman caught the media's attention a few months ago when he began his 'Set in the Street' project. Bettman, sometimes with the help of designer Gozde Eker, would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub. But zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that Bettman was actually building these sets right on the street, using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage. Jose Luis saw a feature on the photographer in New York Magazine and sent him an
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in July 2012. He underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel. In desperation, he tried cannabis oil, which he now credits with his recovery. The father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January. He is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner.
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose. Jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals, as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness. A health care worker later reported Kathy Bush to authorities, suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine. After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison. She served three years and was released in June 2005.
The driver, named in Chinese media as Mr Zhang, drove past an injured woman who turned out to be his mother. He called police but his mother, from Wuhu, in Anhui Province, died on the way to hospital, it was reported. Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and Stephen Gage Berry. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. Blair also said Alexander Dorsey was 'never there' for his children. Dorsey, did not respond to her yelling and sat with his hands clasped and stared silently ahead. State officials are seeking to terminate Blair's parental
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra. The Prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother, as others snapped photos on their smartphones. 'The people's Prince' continued to show off his playful side, high-fiving a young boy waiting behind a barricade.
First Minister said she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' proposed poll on EU membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. She also revealed that she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team. Miss Sturgeon said she - not her predecessor Alex Salmond - would take charge of any talks.
Only the Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. People in these three countries have an excuse  they spend less time in bed, with the Japanese getting an hour and a half less sleep. While we might sleep longer, we dont feel as refreshed in the morning, according to results from users of the Sleep Cycle app.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Vonn looked stressed at times though Woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69. This as Woods, competing after a two-month absence to retool his game, showed flashes of his old magic as he fired his best score at the Masters in four years. Woods is still well behind the leader, hot young American star Jordan Spieth, with 36 holes left to play. If Spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in Masters history.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old Walter Scott in North Charleston, South Carolina. Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is, but a police report confirmed the man was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car. It has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force, despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man. Police are now reviewing the earlier case in light of the shooting of Mr Scott.
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassmed by David's sister. Ann Duffy, pretended to be her now sister-in-law and cancelled her brother's wedding. The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies, which airs tonight.
Clarence Taylor, 44, remains at large after police in Akron, Ohio ordered his arrest in connected to a bizarre 'faked kidnapping' last fall. On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. While she was on the phone with investigators, the girlfriend received a call from another of Taylor's friends who said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties. That unidentified man then led police to Taylor, who was strangely still bound to the tree. Police have since charged Taylor with a first-degree misdemeanor charge of falsification.
SNP stalwart, 44, wore the frock for the BBC contenders' debate last night. It has variously been described as blue, grey and green. While most plumped for grey, others insisted that the colour was green. One irate viewer tweeted that the debate might overshadow the SNP's manifesto launch today.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964. Mr Gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside Brisbane to Wandoan in regional Queensland, only to find the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother's ashes. He paid a $342 fee, after being upset with the council reduced its usual rate of more than $400. Western Downs Regional Council Mayor Ray Brown apologised to the family.
Shanay Walker, 7, was found dead in her bed in Nottingham last July. Her aunt, Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial for her murder at Nottingham Crown Court. Jurors told she was subjected to'repeated acts of cruelty' by Morris. This included having food shoved in her mouth and being hit with a hairbrush. She was found with 50 separate bruises across her body at the time of her death.
At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year  a quarter more than in the previous year. The increase has been put down to the introduction of smart motorways which use the cameras to police speed limits. Conservatives are already moving to scrap the controversial cameras if an ongoing review criticises their use when it reports back in the summer. Labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot.
Daniel Boykin, 33, plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. Boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison. At the time of his arrest last year, Boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim  29 taken from the airport bathroom  and 1,527 photographs. He will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison, however will not be registered as a sex offender.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. Ten Pieces is a lifestyle brand that produces unisex collections of - you guessed it - ten pieces. The collection of ten is designed to be worn in 20 different ways, and are suitable for day to night wear.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire. Believed to have fled to war-torn Syria after travelling to Turkey on March 31. Next-door neighbours were reportedly seen playing snooker at centre a week ago. Farouk Younis, imam of mosque used by relatives, said Muslims must talk to other teenagers who'might be looking at them and thinking this is the way'
The 34-year-old mother-of-one spoke with Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body. Kim said that after she gives North a bath her adorable daughter always asks for her 'purse' because she really wants to grab her mom's make-up bag, which is inside.
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001. He then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of Cancun, Mexico. He assumed the identity of shamed New York Times reporter Mike Finkel. After snorkeling, swigging beer, hitting nightclubs and romancing a German woman he was spotted. FBI transferred him stateside, where he was arrested and charged with murder. He was found guilty after a month-long trial and sentenced to death. Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released.
President Barack Obama arrived at Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning with his wife and daughters. Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk.
Janet Faal, 57, has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade. She left home for the third time in 10 years only to fall down a manhole. Miss Faal was trying to move a wooden pallet when she fell down the gap. She smashed her face on the pallet and was left in a'splits' position. Spent nearly an hour waiting in agony on the forecourt of a garage in Crawley.
Paula Duncan, 62, has revealed she attempted to take her own life at age 43. Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her. The Cop Shop actress says her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression. Her salvation came though by getting involved in charity work. She is still a patron of Beyond Blue and Samaritans.
A Utah photographer, Alan Lawrence, created a photo series in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, who has Down Syndrome appears to be flying. Lawrence, who began taking the photos when Wil was just months old, created the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out. After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said. The 23-year-old Columbus man left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq. In April 2014, he purchased a one-way ticket to Greece, but during a layover in Istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to Athens and instead made his way to Syria. He returned to the US in June 2014 with a
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys, and the firm is also developing an orbital craft. It will launch from Blue. Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of. El Paso. The capsule will fly dozens of times unmanned before the test flights include pilots.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January. He allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith' Some of the conversations were sexual in nature, according to police, while in another, the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police. On April 10, they had sexual contact at the school, the girl told police.
A new report from Suncorp Bank suggests Australian's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year. Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. On average, men spent $2618 over the last 12 months, $475 more than women. Despite the mounting costs, the report revealed over one third of households don't budget for technology.
A large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in WA has shut down streets in central Melbourne. Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. 'Enough is enough - where is the justice for Aboriginal people?' a speaker shouted to the crowd. This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster.
Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50. Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol. Research also revealed that between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance. He claims in 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. When he was finally accepted to St. Louis University School of Medicine, he used the acceptance to claim he was only granted admission because he was black and used the situation as an example of what was 'wrong' with affirmative action. Though his website, AlmostBlack.com, shows side-by-
'It's been a hard period,' Obama said in a weekend interview with New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman. The president's comments come days after the U.S. and other world powers reached a tentative agreement to curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. Obama cast the Iran talks as part of a broader foreign policy doctrine that sees American power as a safeguard.
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing from Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. Her body was found in a Rochdale canal five months later weighed down with a 20lb rock. Her sister Kate has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer. She said: 'From the beginning we have been filled with grief and we cannot stop the grief and instead remember her with love until this comes to an end'
RSPCA South Australia released photos of a pet owner's squalor living conditions in Adelaide, where he raised his three cats. The owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats. RSPCA seized the owner's cats in September and further requested to have them all surrendered in their care. The case was finalised in the Christies Beach Magistrates Court, southern Adelaide, on Tuesday.
Images show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark in shallow waters of Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator. Its thought that shoals may be an effective means for the majority of fish within them to escape predators jaws, because they confuse larger creatures. Whether fish feel fear, or simply act instinctively, they swim in large shoals.
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives. In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin. Police were led to Gary after Fleming's cell phone signal was picked up in the city.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who saved Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho on Wednesday morning. But after saving the man, Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. A photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him. Police previously said the incident was triggered when Sitko had'some sort of mental or emotional episode' and he only suffered minor injuries.
George was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales and was found on a doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later. He has now been reunited with his owners after Julia Hill, who found the 18-year-old tabby outside her home in Calderdale, posted on a lost and found cats Facebook group.
Labour leader was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday. After a low-key day campaigning in his constituency in Doncaster on Saturday, the Labour leader spent all of Sunday and Monday with his family. At the same time, David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon was prominent on the campaign trail.
Nick Loeb, 39, says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. The couple created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013 and they remain frozen at a Beverly Hills clinic. Vergara broke up with Loeb last May after nearly two years of engagement. She has a 22-year-old son Manolo with ex-husband Joe Gonzalez.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case. The study was led by Dr Jason Wright from the Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds at Penn State University.
The broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. The 44-year-old, who married Alice Arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year, said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay. Balding added: 'I have never wanted children. It's my choice'
Tether Unlimited has revealed a system of robo spiders than can construct solar panels, trusses and other parts of spacecraft in orbit. System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the Earth by'spinning' building material into shape. SpiderFab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaohs Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. On its website, Pharaoh's Palace was advertised as the 'perfect' place for entertaining. Other ads on the internet said it was available for rent to producers for music videos, television and film, as well as event planners and professional photographers. But the mansion also became where Sean Grey, its manager, and Nicholas
Clinton, whose mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday, said it is time the United States had a female leader. 'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman presidentwhenever that iswill help resolve,' said Clinton. Clinton also talks about life with daughter Charlotte.
Abase Hussen took his daughter Amira to an extremist rally when she was 13. The teenager fled to Syria to become a 'jihadi bride' earlier this year. Mr Hussen was caught on video at a violent protest in London in 2012. He has now admitted he went to two further rallies with his daughter in tow.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates come in three flavours. David Cameron's bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed Milibands comes in a red raspberry flavour and the Nick Clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb. As yet there are no plans for a Nigel Farage chocolate this year.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in Sydney on Thursday. The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection. The Art Gallery of New South Wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer Alice Babidge and dressed with floral displays by Eastern Suburbs florist Sean Cook.
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home. He dashed into a deserted country lane just as an RSPCA van drove by. The seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector's van and started barking. He was reunited with owner Kirsty Mitton, who drove 112 miles to collect him.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was found guilty of raping a three-year-old girl at his family home in June. Judge M. Marc Kelly said there was no violence or callous disregard for the victim's well-being. Prosecutor Whitney Bokosky said she disagrees and will appeal the decision.
Myer City stores in Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide will offer the first 100 customers the doll for the original 1959 price of $3.00. For those who miss out on the promotion, the dolls will be on sale for $34.95 thereafter. The dolls are newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor looked immaculate at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle. It is the first time the young princesses have been spotted at a public engagement for several months. They are on the island for the family's annual holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
Ukip leader made remarks after being asked to justify lack of diversity. Asked at manifesto launch last week to justify scarcity of black and Asian faces. Ukip manifesto included several photographs of the party's top team. But it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. Mr Farage said picture of immigration spokesman Steven Woolfe ignored.
The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Along with the singer's former wife in the audience, the winning couple will  win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February. Official figures showed 557,000 higher than a year before. IMF chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble praised Mr Osbornes wonderful job of handling the economy.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are in the capital Yerevan on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad's birth. They are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel which is on Republic Square, formerly Lenin Square. Republic Square is a tourist attraction in itself, with its combination of Soviet-era architecture and Neo-Classical official buildings. The city isn't short on culture with a disproportionately large amount of theatres, galleries and clubs.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors. The animals were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford. They had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet. Couple were jailed for 26 weeks and banned from owning pets for 25 years.
Brussels will say that Google has used its massive dominance as a search engine to divert internet users from rivals to its own services. In one of the most high-profile competition cases of recent years, Europe could fine Google more than £4 billion. Comes amid a wave of political opposition in Europe to the perceived dominance of US tech companies.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' He said Congress has a responsibility to scour the details of a final plan - including any classified annexes - before finally voting on it. The Committee is due to meet April 14 to consider Corker's legislation to ensure that Congress debates and signs off on any pact. Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday. The deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30.
Tracey Cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention. Here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get your man's. Eye contact of more than ten seconds means one of two things: you're about to fight or have sex (well, you want to anyway)
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. The complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013. In a letter sent to Coleman, the TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality', and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers'
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old Raymond Howell, Jr. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son. When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, he told police. But when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him
Brolly-clad thieves targeted supermarkets, convenience stores and electrical shops. They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at £30,000 in the process. Gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers. The group have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
A lawyer for Rebecca Hannibal, 19, appeared in front of Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday. Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty to single supply charge at a previous hearing but her defence representative told Magistrate Mark Buscombe she was changing her plea to guilty. Police alleged Ms Hannibal, of Cammeray, supplied a number of 'purple speaker' pills between 2pm and 3:30pm on November 7, the day before the Harbourlife dance festival. She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing. Police charge sheets seen by Daily Mail Australia allege the pills were purchased from Matthew Forti.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, is accused of the murder of her boyfriend Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. The court heard how she flew into a rage when Mr Dobinson interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. Elderfield told police officers who arrested her, my God, its so ******g funny, after stabbing Mr Dob Robinson and leaving him to die.
Nelson Felippe took a photo of a'scene' on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro. He posted the image on Facebook, where it was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. The post cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes, with the viewer thinking he is conducting a homophobic rant.
Islam will become America's second-largest religion by 2050 according to a report outlining the world's religious landscape 35 years from now. The number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050, researchers claim. Percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while Muslims will outnumber Christians by 2070.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. V.Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that she couldn't seek them from a third party. During the course of their 2 1/2 years together, Sterling gave her a Ferrari, a Bentley and a Range Rover.
The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. Animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer. Researchers at the U.S. National Cancer Institute are using the vaccine on 70 men who have been treated for the cancer but whose PSA is rising again.
Awel Manyang believes her three siblings who died in the crash at a Melbourne lake were eaten by crocodiles in the water. Her siblings - one-year-old brother Bol and four- year-old twins Madit and Anger - died after their mother Akon Guode crashed her 4WD into a lake on Wednesday. Awel remains in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital but she remembers the accident. The children's father, Joseph Tito Manyang, says his partner told him she 'didn't feel herself' as she was driving and can only remember parts of the aftermath of the crash.
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a cover of the song from 1983 film MontyPython's Meaning of Life. Professor Hawking, 73, appeared on film alongside Professor Brian Cox. In the video, Professor Hawking runs over Professor Cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. 'She had a great life in entertainment, a very rewarding and rich life,' said Wallenda's nephew, Rick. Jenny Wallenda survived the invasion of Berlin by Soviet forces at the end of World War II.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson. Garlington says he would sneak over to the Hudson's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning. The two would also each bring a date to social events so people did not know they were in fact dating. Hudson would never publicly come out of the closet before his death, though many of his closets friends, including Elizabeth Taylor and Marilyn Monroe, were said to have known about his lifestyle.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, was born in 1911. She dropped out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school, which was located six miles away from her home. When she expressed that she always regretted not graduating, her hospice nurse contacted River Valley High School to see if they could make Ms. Hunt's dreams come true.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1. Mr Bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $1,300 a month in child support. He said once the changes were implemented his payment rose by $600.
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia. Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues. He said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work, and that he was grateful his wife moved up with him.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River. Moore and Willis were married from 1987 until 2000 and share three daughters.
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Grangetown suburb. They read: 'Islam is the only real workable solution for the UK' Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters, dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals. Council says any religiously motivated or offensive stickers will be removed.
Deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades, a report by a think tank has found. The price of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation, rising undertakers bills as funeral firms are faced with bad debts, and increasing fees demanded by churches.
Teller Lake in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by thousands of gold fish, which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping 'four or five' of their pets in the water two or three years ago. The animals have now multiplied to over 3,000 or 4,000, and are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake, by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases. Local officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake.
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that once her Visa expires, she must return to Romania. The 34-year-old separated from her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship. She was awarded full custody of their son, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris. The Family Court have ruled that her young son, Chris, is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his New Zealand father.
Budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year. The company's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons. But new research has found that certain items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets.
The 41-year-old man is said to have posted a 'blasphemous' status on his Facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in Iraq on television last July. He told police he was sent the image over Whatsapp, but allegedly then admitted to posting the status. If found guilty, the suspect could face up to seven years in jail, a fine of between Dh250,000 to Dh1 million, or both.
The Apple Watch is available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home. The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo. High-end watches with 18-karat gold alloys are priced from $10,000 and go as high as $17,000.
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to maintain morale and to encourage workers to do a good job. Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party. Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year at the Queens Hall in Newtonards, County Down, with hire of the venue costing £265.80.
Feidin Santana, 23, visited the family's Charleston, South Carolina home on Thursday to meet with the man's heartbroken parents, son and other relatives. He has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Scott on Saturday and later releasing the video. 'Oh, thank you God!' Judy Scott, the mother of Walter Scott said, as she embraced Santana tightly. 'I don't know how much I could thank you more' Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers. It is more than double the 446,000 picked up by the Prince of Wales and his @ClarenceHouse account. The Duchess of York is the next most followed royal with 82,400 followers. King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima are also popular figures.
The Queen attended a reception for the Calgary Highlanders, Royal Hamilton Light Infantry and Canadian Scottish Regiment at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today. Her Majesty was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the reception. The event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-Chief. The Queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch.
Abbey, 29, joins Foxes, Lily Donaldson and Alice Dellal in campaign. Strictly Come Dancing winner says she is 'honoured' to be part of campaign. Has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research funding.
The funeral for Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra. The parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. Reverend Jonno Williams knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone. Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday. Her burned body was found last Friday around five metres from a road in Cocoparra National Park. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June.
Star Wars director wants to build 224 homes for low-income families. Will be built on 1,039 acres of land on his Grady Ranch estate in Marin County, California. Will cost $200m and will be funded by Lucas himself. His neighbors are determined to leave the plot untouched.
Cancer-killing cocktail of tamoxifen and two coffees found to reduce risk of tumours returning by 50 per cent in women recovering from the disease. Tamox ifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells. Study of 1,090 breast cancer patients by British and Swedish researchers at Lund University, Sweden.
A man tragically ran over his granddaughter Friday morning as he moved his truck in the driveway. In what is being described as a horrific accident, 20-month-old Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah followed her grandfather out of the house. He did not however see the toddler in front of his truck and killed her. This is now the fourth time since August that a child was accidentally run over and killed in their own driveway by a family member in Utah. The grandfather is not facing any charges at this time, but the case remains under investigation.
Shaun Worthington died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic. The 29-year-old had been driving home from a speed awareness course. His car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of traffic at 1.04pm - the same time the fatal text was sent. His mother, Jean Allen, said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have'
Martha was playing on the beach in Leasowe, Merseyside, when she was swept out to sea. Owner launched their own rescue attempt but were unable to save their pet. RNLI crew were called and managed to find Martha who was cold and shivering. They then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her collar. But they have warned about the importance of owners not attempting to rescue their pets.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018. Solar Probe Plus is scheduled to launch aboard a United Launch Alliance Delta 4-Heavy rocket with an upper stage from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun. During the closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. The aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse. Players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point. Plus, players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends.
Frustrated listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off versions uploaded to the iPlayer service. They branded the problem irritating, annoying and frustrating The BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes. It says the live sections of radio stations cause the start and end times of programmes to shift.
A preservation group says old Texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing, with comparatively few still operating. About 400 such halls still stand  many unused and decaying  but only two traditional dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels.
The Church of Scientology allegedly paid a father-son team of detectives $10,000 a week to track Ron Miscavige's every move, review his electronic correspondence and eavesdrop on his conversations. The claims, which the church has categorically denied through its attorneys, come just weeks after the premiere of the explosive HBO documentary Going Clear. The allegations originally came to light two years ago following the arrest of Florida-based private investigator Dwayne Powell.
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls. But the 'horrendous' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before. In the UK, the average facelift costs £7,900, so Belinda found a Turkish surgeon offering cut-price operations that cost a fraction of the UK equivalent.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in the idyllic setting of Pippingford Park for the second year running. The independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. This year will see the festival partner with East Sussex Music Services for the first time.
'untested and unscientific' apps cause stress, says Dr Des Spence. Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apples health app. Dr Spence warned newer apps could be causing unnecessary worry. He said manufacturers were more concerned about making a profit.
Khayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina. Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The 53-year-old female employee of the National Watch and Diamond Exchange in downtown Philadelphia was pulled into a Ford van in a parking garage. She was driven to the building's roof, beaten and shot with a Taser seven times. The woman was treated at a local hospital for broken ribs and a concussion.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, is paid $1,500 (£1,000) a month to eat. She disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam. Fans love to watch her devour junk food in various states of undress. Security guard now offers a service for men who enjoy being smothered by a larger lady.
Claudia Winkleman is the first presenter of the BBC dance contest to be nominated. It comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter Matilda, eight, recovered after her Halloween costume accidentally caught fire. The mother-of-three will compete in the entertainment performance category at next months awards with Ant and Dec.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She allegedly threw a party for her 16-year-old daughter and her friends at her home and played naked Twister with them in the living room. While the youngsters continued playing, she allegedly went into a bathroom and had sex with an 18-year old man. When she returned, she brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself in front of the teenagers, she told her sponsor. She later went to bed alone and around
The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 years old. It tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried. Alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan' who has been half-blinded by small pox. She is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumphs as 'one of the best learners in the school' The tale will be published in June as 'The Adventures ofAlice Lase
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night. She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner. She claims the man working at Sam The Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up. The butcher vehemently denies any claims he swore at or abused the young woman. He said she was the one being rude on a day when he was having issues with his eftpos machine.
Dave Sim, 36, has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper in preparation to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route. The personal trainer from Southport, Merseyside, is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. He said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible, but required a better seat and tweaked brakes.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, disappeared in the Croatian coastal, tourist town of Dubrovnik in 2008. Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on September 18. It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed. State Coroner Ian Gray will officially close it at a hearing in Melbourne on Thursday. He will hear a summary of previously unreleased reports prepared by both Australian Federal Police and Croatian authorities. Then the coroner will prepare his findings, to be released at a later date.
Cultural historian at Syracuse University, London, Chris Cook, said whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades. Half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture. A third said they were listening to ipods and personal music players instead of whistling.
The blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product. The £3.35 billion is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at UCLA Medical Center on April 16. The 68-year-old had quadruruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease. The successful surgery, which was performed by cardiac surgery chief Dr Richard Shemin, cleared a major blockage from the Hall of Famer's heart.
64 per cent of adults think they spend more money when they go shopping with friends, many blaming the urge to'show off' Nearly half of the participants (45 per cent) blamed the fact that they get carried away by excitement when they shop with friends. Nearly two-thirds of Americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013. Decades before, in 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her. Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it.
The map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit. Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway.
Second-hand car dealer Neil Tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells Henry Ford's famous Model T. Despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old, the businessman, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one every week. He says his customers love the Model T because they don't require need road tax or an MOT and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car.
Dr Ros Altmann is a former Treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group Saga. She will be appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election. Dr Altmann will oversee the Governments pension reforms. She would also be in charge of financial education and Government policy to reward and encourage saving.
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished from Fayetteville, Arkansas, in July 2013, only to show up under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, said they believed their daughter had been brainwashed by the so-called cult. Grove said she was'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents. Earlier this month, Grove left the church under mysterious circumstances. She stayed with her family for six days, before returning to the church. She has now announced in a video that she will marry a church elder
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak. She was appearing alongside Mr Cameron at a National Grid training centre in Newark, Nottinghamshire, to announce the creation of more trainee jobs for young people. Mr Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years, if the Tories win the election.
Conchita Wurst has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth. The poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform, as well as walk in a fashion show staged by Jean Paul Gaultier. The Life Ball is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV/AIDS.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue. His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across Facebook, YouTube and Instagram. In the video Mr Garginian dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars. Earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair. Two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door, tearing a flatscreen TV off the wall and hurling a vase of roses across the room.
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen knew that Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl deserted his post in 2009, claim three of the controversial soldier's comrades. Mullen served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago. The claims mean that Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that he served honorably. This development comes one week after officials scheduled a July hearing for the Army sergeant who left his post and was held by the Taliban for five years.
The shooting of African-American, father-of-four Walter Scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop. Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart. Singer Janelle Monáe said: 'This brought tears to my eyes' Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite. Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, plan to renew wedding vows. Couple are planning to fly to the U.S. in March for the two-week 'no expense spared' break. They will stay at the Circus Circus hotel and renew their vows at the infamous Chapel of Love, before being whisked away in a chauffeur-driven limousine.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000. Faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken, something that was supported by an initial autopsy. After the verdict was, read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse. It is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway.
Mass brawl broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar opening at Resorts World Casino. Allegedly caused by two women who clashed during the long wait for drinks. Security guards and police officer were injured in the brawl. Three men were arrested in the aftermath of the brawl in Queens, New York.
The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk. She later said she flashed the grin because that's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation. Arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on Monday. She plans to appeal the conviction.
China is planning to expand the Qinghai to Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' It could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain - by 2020. The step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Acetaminophen (paracetamol) is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol. It has been in use for more than 70 years, but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain. This study takes those results one step further by showing that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Henry and Donna Lou Rayhons married seven years ago in their northern Iowa hometown. Their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as Donna's health began to fail. Last year, the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home, suffering from dementia and Alzheimers. According to Henry Rayhon's family, this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage. On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last August, days before he was formally charged.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the NSW coast. One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney. Local resident Jade Marie identified the house as her aunt's. A houseboat was also spotted floating away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle. Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the Central Hunter region. More than 20 people have been rescued from the flooding, and 215,000 homes and businesses are without power.
The inquiry into the Iraq war, lead by Sir John Chilcot, began in 2009. It stopped taking evidence in 2011, but will not report until 2016, a source said. It was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election. But it has now been suggested the findings of the inquiry will not be published until 2016.
The nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother. He was also beaten with metal rods and water pipes, leaving scars. Photographs of the child's horrific injuries were shared online. His adoptive mother Li has been arrested on suspicion of child abuse.
IKEA's new service, Wedding Online, allows couples to get virtually hitched and have guests attending from all over the world. Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams. Once they log in, they can set a virtual date and invite the Facebook contacts they want as guests. The pair can then choose from a range of several ceremonies depending on their style.
Couple took their 14-year-old son out of school without permission for a five-day holiday to Spain. They were originally fined £120 for the unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Rayleigh, Essex. After the unnamed family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine, court bailiffs visited on March 6 demanding £1,230.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's five-year-old son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three daughters in the Massachusetts-based Lemay family. But from a very early age, Jacob began rejecting his gender and would change his clothes up to 12 times a day. The Lemays decided to let him transition, allowing him to cut his hair, wear boy clothes, and refer to himself as a boy at home.
Laurene Jobs, the widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs, said Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service. 'It matters, of course, that Hillary is a woman. But what matters more is what kind of woman she is,' she said. Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday - and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet 'ordinary' voters in Iowa. But she was blasted for her'staged' visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa. Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire. The 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against two children. These include rape and sexual activity with a child, police say. Dennis will appear at Southampton Magistrates Court later this month.
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney. Spell pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota. Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability.
Henri Morris, 67, was jailed for 10 years after admitting drugging a female employee during a business trip in order to take naked photos of her. He was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012. She told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston, Texas, to New Jersey for work. The FBI arrested Morris at Bush County Airport after the woman, who has not been named, covertly worked with them.
10 tonne 'fatberg' made up of congealed waste has been removed from a sewer underneath one of London's most exclusive streets. The lump was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in Chelsea to break. So far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each. A £400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a swimming pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol, where he was staying with friends. His friends dragged Mr Nicol out of the water and tried to save him. Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place around 8.30am on Easter Sunday morning, but Mr Nicol had died. Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends. Featuring the likes of Henri Matisse, Salvador Dali, Georgia O'Keefe and many others, the book allows an intimate insight into the private lives of many great artists.
Vincent Stanford moved to Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago. The 24-year-old was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult. Before moving back to Australia, Stanford previously worked as a cleaner for a dental company in Holland. In Leeton he landed a casual job with cleaning company Colin Joss & Co, who have a contract with the Department of Education in NSW. It has now emerged that Stanford was not contracted to work on Sunday that he allegedly killed Ms Scott.
David Cameron and the Tories predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote. Labour is just one tenth of a percentage point behind, with 31.7 per cent. The Liberal Democrats are now expected to get 13.5 per cent, slightly ahead of UKIP with 12.7.
Ian Joll was forced to crash land his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940. Ten minutes later his mother received a telegram saying he was missing. Sq Ldr Joll and his gunner trekked for miles where they met a Dutch fisherman. They persuaded the fisherman to take them to England just 16 days before the start of the evacuation of 300,000 Allied troops a few miles down the coast at Dunkirk. His incredible story came to light as his medals were put up for auction.
Lib Dem leader reveals balance of power lies with wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez. Couple invited cameras into their £1.5million family home in Putney, London. Mr Clegg was given the option of moving his family into a grace-and-favour government mansion - but the move was vetoed by his wife. The Cleggs were seen drinking white wine and cooking paella in the kitchen of their home.
Nurhayada Sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator. The six-year-old was out shopping with her mother and sister. She was killed on impact after suffering horrific head injuries. The tragedy happened at the Kenanga Wholesale City mall in Pudu, Malaysia.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in North West London. He was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death. When the imam arrived to the house with his son and not on his own, the supposed potential client asked him to come back another day. Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit because because ArWani was not alone.
Lorenzo Simon and Michelle Bird used friend Michael Spalding for slave labour. The 39-year-old's remains were stuffed into two suitcases and thrown into canal. Simon was found guilty of murder at Birmingham Crown Court today. Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years. Police have now released CCTV video footage showing the pair dragging the cases along a pavement.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams, which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants. The university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit. Under coalition reforms planned to toughen up the qualifications, AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September and scores will no longer contribute to the overall A-level.
Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences. Three people were hospitalised after three-storey building collapsed in Sheffield. Doctor's wife and student plunged from living rooms into basement below. Workman was buried after a digger struck a load-bearing column. Judge said: 'There was potential for a complete disaster caused by your arrogance and greed'
Duncan Bannatyne said Ed Milibands plan to scrap the controversial non-dom status had won him over. He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this' It comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the Tories economic record.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. Her sister Kim Scott posted a poem she had written to read out at the wedding. The poem was addressed to'my dearest Stephanie and Aaron on your wedding day. This is for you' Ms Scott's body was discovered in Cocoparra National Park on Friday afternoon. Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with her murder on Thursday morning.
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour. The chase finally came to an end in Pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman's SUV and sent the car into a slow spin. The woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, claimed in an interview this week that her nephew had been wrongfully convicted in the Boston bombing as part of a U.S. conspiracy. The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, told the magazine that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks. The family is at war over whether to keep the defense team, including attorney Judy
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day the Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth. Despite the clash, the Duke of Cambridge plans to do everything he can to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the Gallipoli and Anzac campaigns. Leading obstetrician Guy Thorpe-Beeston will be in charge of the birth.
Prairie dogs in Picture Canyon, Arizona, began dying from the disease. Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant were found to carry the illness. Plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year, though the vast majority are in sub-Saharan Africa and Madagascar.
The teenager from Lahore in Punjab province Pakistan, who has been identified only as Nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. The boy, who is now being treated at Mayo Hospital in Lahore, described how he was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in campaign. Show off brand's new Dream Angels range of underwear. Described as the brand's most romantic collection yet. Comes in blush pink tones and classic, crisp whites. Candice recently appeared in Max Factor's latest beauty campaign.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis. The 23-year-old was reported missing the following day when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. It was believed that Mr Knox, who was not an experienced walker, had attempted to climb the mountain alone.
Ceara Lynch, from Portland, Oregon, says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online. Her first pair sold for $70. The 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way has been a dream.
Baby girl was found face down in a toilet bowl at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Southport, Merseyside. It is believed the girl, named April by staff at the Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated, might have been delivered at the arcade hours before she was discovered. Police had released an image of the 6lb 9oz baby girl, wearing a pink playsuit, as they sought to identify her mother. Officers said they had traced the mother to an address in the Merseysides area.
Travel site, WanderBat, has found Qatar Airways to be the world's most reliable airline. Followed closely by Emirates and China Eastern, the top three airlines showed how the Gulf and Asia are dominating the travel market. British Airways ranked in eighth place as the only UK airline to make the list.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers. The size of the ship means it is able to access ports that are off-limits to the bigger vessels. You can enjoy'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars during regular bar hours' for no extra charge. There is also an unfeasibly wide selection of on-board eating places.
Duffel bag containing human remains was found in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc. It comes as more remains have been found in common area of apartment complex. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, officials said. Suspect, who will not be identified, will be arraigned on Monday, police said.
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress and property developer Janet Brown, 45. He stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche, took her horses and tried to siphon off thousands of pounds from her estate and that of her family. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. Graham, who dubbed himself Teflon Don, was last yearjailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing Ms Brown for her money. Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which they said totalled £816,127.86p, under
Some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. Research carried out by Harvard, Columbia and Duke University found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married, according to the study.
Mohamed Morsi sentenced to 20 years for ordering arrest and torture of protesters. But a court in Cairo acquitted him of charges that would have seen him face death. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most also sentenced. Defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions. Morsi, Egypt's first freely elected leader, came to power following the 2011 ouster of Hosni Mubarak in a popular uprising.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed the swimmer's sleeping pill addiction was triggered by a death threat. Former police inspector Neville Hackett said that his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds.
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) That can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. The donor is understood to have fathered 99 Viking babies across the world through the clinic Nordic Cryobank. Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1.
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and son Phoenix, were travelling back to Washington DC after a birthday trip to Disney World, Orlando. After boarding the plane, the Shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet. Mrs Shirley, who suffers from Mysophobia (phobia of germs), loudly pronounced it to be vomit. Family were given blankets, which they say did nothing to remove the pungent smell.
Kevin Gill, from Naples, Florida, found the eight-inch alligator outside and took it to his son, 13, to nurse back to health. But when deputies were serving a search warrant on the family's home for an unrelated issue, they came across the baby gator. It is a felony in Florida to keep an alligator without a license, regardless of its size.
More than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at New York City's Library Hotel. Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic. Rooms on the fifth floor are devoted to maths and science, with rooms themed on topics such as astronomy, dinosaurs and botany.
Stewart will present his final The Daily Show on August 6. He revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news. Stewart will be replaced by Trevor Noah, 31, who instantly became the center of a debate over his questionable jokes on social media.
Bikini-clad models were pushed to their limit as they took to the catwalk in Luoyang, in the Henan province of China. The challenge was part of the central China stage of the annual Miss Bikini of the Universe contest. The uneven footpath along the side of the Luanchuan Laojun mountain is only one-metre wide.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, family spokesman James Garcia said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina. He is survived by his wife, Pat  and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, was arrested Monday and charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. The prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive Bergen County Academies in Hackensack was being held on $300,000 cash bail Tuesday. He has been ordered to have no contact with the victim. When investigators came to interview the 16-year-old girl, she allegedly admitted to her relationship with the married teacher.
Passer-by reported seeing 4ft long guided missile in rocket launcher on barge. Perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a dummy. Police and an Army bomb disposal team responded to the call in Reading. They said the missile 'was found to be purely ornamental' Local resident condemned the prank, saying: 'What a stupid thing to put on top of a boat'
A New York City cop checking in on his elderly parents on Friday was horrified to discover them dead along with two other guests in their home. Robert Hugel, who is assigned to the Technical Assistance Response Unit, found the victims, all in their 70s and 80s, just after 3 p.m. at the house in Bellerose in Floral Park, Queens. It appeared the car was accidentally left running in the garage, but it was unclear for how long, investigators said. The couples friend, age 73, had been seated in the living room and the tenant, who sources said was older
Kibulu the African lion cub has lived at Zambi Wildlife Retreat since he arrived as a three-week-old cub. The sanctuary is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney. The retreat  which is not yet open to the public  is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia. Over 20 students are currently completing work placements at the retreat.
Rare archive photo and several other portraits have been discovered in a Hitler fan magazine from the Thirties. The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it beneath ones dignity Hitler seems ill at ease with his hands, squeezing them into his tight lederhosen pockets in one photo, and perching them awkwardly on his hips in another.
Kristen Bell, the voice of Frozen's Anna, believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it. 'Your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine,' she said in an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma just after her 18th birthday. She was told she would not live past December but died four months later. The 19-year-old devoted her final year to playing basketball, raising money for cancer research, and inspiring others. She played four games, raising $1.5million for pediatric cancer and leaving a legacy of fundraising that will be continued after her death.
Racegoer seen on video deliberately knocking an elderly man to the floor. The man, 34, barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards and falls to the ground in the middle of the road. He then walks off as people gasp and try to help the victim. Merseyside Police said the man from Formby in Sefton came forward to police late last night and he was interviewed under caution. He was released this morning pending further inquiries.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. She was horrified to discover the family looking after Magic had sold him at auction for just £200. Magic's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community. An appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites.
The 56-year-old described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine. The routine appeared to be rehearsed, however Madonna and Fallon tried to make it look spur-of-the-moment and impromptu.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours. Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school. She was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates. Gregory has been warned she could face up to seven years in prison due to the seriousness of the offence.
The robot sub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared. Footage shows the curious leviathan swimming in and out of the camera lights, at times spinning and looking directly into the camera. 'You can see its eye,' one of the crew says. Sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying a roast duck dinner in the council chamber. Labour rival Theo Blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors. He was forced to put down his cutlery when mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli told him off. Mr Bucknell claims he was unaware eating was banned in the chamber. He now says he wants a rule change so he can eat a roast dinner at meetings.
Daniel Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service and political and financial support for the cause. 'I'm humbled that I will get the chance to work next to people who are risking their lives every day to help ordinary people live ordinary lives,' said Craig. The appearance was one of the first for Craig since an on-set injury led to a brief hospital stay.
The dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California. It is believed the pet, named Fireman by rescuers, was burned by chemicals. Hundreds of people have already got in contact, looking to take the pet in. Fido Alert in East Contra Costa County has offered a $1,000 reward for information.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall. The incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have 'turned his lungs out' Daniel Craig is clearly a lot more vulnerable than his alter-ego  he has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami. Results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes. To make up the gap they paid investors with other investors' money rather than actual profits on the investments, in a classic Ponzi scheme.
David Cameron greeted voters in street as he left speech in Cheltenham. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader. Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall.
Digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats for first time. Overall global sales of $14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013. Report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies, while Pharrell Williams' 'Happy' was the top single, selling 13.9 million copies. The vinyl format has had a renaissance and now accounts for 2 percent of revenues.
Graphic signs tell visitors not to stop for a poo break during their walk to the holy city of Santiago de Compostela. No one knows who put up the signs, which show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it. The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year but there can be very few places to go when nature calls.
Richard Hammond, 45, has released his first home video on YouTube. The former Top Gear presenter is seen shouting 'bored' to himself and his dog. It follows him to Buttermere in the Lake District to learn how to herd sheep. It has already been watched more than 230,000 times on the site.
Bruno Fernández has been dubbed the 'Majadahonda Ripper' after police searched his home and discovered blood stains and what is thought to be a human tooth. The 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger, Adriana Giogiosa, 55. Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation. At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found. But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening. Previous attempts to find a void at the distance of the Cold Spot were unsuccessful, but this latest study suggests it is actually a foreground object.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staff shortages are treated like'slave labour', one Unison member has warned. Jane Smith said staff at a hospital in Staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week, totalling up to 78 hours a week. She said: 'The fact staff are so tired has a detrimental effect on patient care and (also) puts other staff at risk'
Photographer Hiroshi Ueda claims he invented the selfie stick in the 1980s. He came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in Europe. The 'extender stick' was designed for use with new compact cameras that were being developed at the time. Modern versions of the extender stick allow a smartphone to be held aloft and use a remote trigger to take the photograph or video.
Former TOWIE star, 24, unveils sophisticated summer collection. Full of pretty pastels and feminine florals inspired by festival season. Says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and 'definitely' for real women. Admits she works out to keep her curves but doesn't try and lose weight.
Nick Clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to 'chip in a bit' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant for much of the year. Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values, leaving local people priced out of the areas where they grew up. Under Lib Dem plan, launched in Cornwall today, local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax.
Labour leader uses speech in Edinburgh to claim Tory election campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic', as some polls put Labour ahead across the UK. Mr Miliband rocked by survey showing that in Scotland, 49 per cent of people plan to vote for the SNP, with just 25 per cent backing Labour. In September's referendum, 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK, but the SNP has seen a surge in support since then.
A Washington, DC-based company called United Space Structures wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. While the main cylindrical body would spin in one direction, the top dome-shaped section wouldspin in the other direction. This would allow spacecraft to dock with the top of the station, which would appear stationary to them. A rotating station would allow people to live as if
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. The doctors accused Dr Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent. He got away with thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012. Bank manager turned to gambling after his son was injured in Afghanistan. He has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his RBS pension pot.
A member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone after spotting him using the field as a makeshift toilet. TH Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect. Tesco said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach shelves.
Binman filmed lifting bags out of dustbins and tossing them down alleyway. Residents in Oldham, Manchester, had noticed rubbish piling up. They thought one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags there. Council slapped stickers on the bags warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. A beam fired from the machine would create auroras - and it could even create lightning in the atmosphere. For now the idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it. But the team says that by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah wed in a lavish ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. Over the last 20 years,wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair, with celebrities and royals unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
Chancellor met house-cleaning doppelganger at Numatic factory in Chard, Somerset. Onlookers couldn't fail to notice the uncanny resemblance to Tory campaign chief. Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the iconic hoover brands. Tories announced an extra 16,000 apprentices would be created by firms including Morrisons and Costa.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random in June 2012. The culprit was 19-year-old Harley Hicks who bashed the defenceless baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton. 'My son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice. That's it,' Ms Veal told 60 Minutes. The new interview coincides with the federal government's announcement of the introduction of a task force to combat the 'national ice epidemic'
Stephanie Flanders, then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight, hosted party. At the time, Ed Miliband was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor, Gordon Brown. As he held court, a young woman called Justine Thornton, who was sitting across the table and whom he had never met before, became transfixed. Fast-forward more than 11 years and the Milibands have since had two children and married.
Brazil's 24 hour drugs market Crackland has become home to people from all walks of life. Crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight, day or night. A makeshift portrait studio - a scavenged chair set in front of a white backdrop, illuminated by two small lights - draws crack users from their nightmarish surroundings.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son. But as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off. When the grandmother collapsed in her home in December, she could not contact her family and died in hospital a few days later.
Stephen Howells, 39, and his 25-year-old girlfriend Nicole Vaisey, from Hermon, New York, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13. On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty. Guilty pleas would mean the victims wouldn't have to testify, including others who are not publicly known
Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. White women had the shortest spacing  about 2 years, 2 months on average wheras black and hispanic women typically waited 2½ years or longer.
Major General Michael Gambier-Parry was captured by Rommel in Libya in 1941. The German field marshal invited the British officer to dine with him in a gesture of military camaraderie. During the meal, a German soldier had taken his hat. Rommel then took it upon himself to get the garment back to his prisoner. When Rommel later found the Army goggles in a staff car, he asked the Briton if he could keep them.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32. The woman, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused Townsend's requests for sex, but kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager' He also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me', Ganci said in court papers. A judge has settled the final amount owed by US
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12. He was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her. But his granddaughter, Andrea Ferrell, 29, tracked down an old image of her mother. In the video she hands Mr Cain her present, which dates from the 1920s. As the realization dawns on him Mr Cain chokes up and starts crying.
Representative Darrell Issa asked about use of personal email in 2012. But he didn't receive an answer until after Clinton had left the department. Issa is chairman of the House committee on oversight and government reform. Clinton is currently on a two day tour of Iowa, opening her 2016 campaign with visits to small-business leaders.
memo for members of Congress states 'UK may not be viewed as centrally relevant to the United States in all of the issues and relations considered a priority on the US agenda' Memo also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament. Document prepared by Congressional Research Service, an in-house intelligence body that gives confidential analysis to legislators.
Joyce Kuhl, a grandmother from South Carolina, visited SeaWorld Orlando in 2013. She claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving them 'essentially roasting' The resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint over their injuries. Ms Kuhl wants to have her $97 ticket reimbursed, as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years. This is the second lawsuit against SeaWorld in less than one month.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved. But Labour leader Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole. The First Minister was forced to admit her MPs would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year, despite the catastrophic collapse in North Sea oil revenues. Miss Sturgeon struggled once again in a TV election clash screened by the BBC, just a day after refusing to rule out a snap second referendum.
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. He said the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the Bristol County House of Corrections. Hernandez was convicted April 15 of the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, who was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee.
Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west Philadelphia and left him there, before going to stay with her partner in Maryland. Parler was admitted to a Maryland facility on Sunday for an 'undisclosed condition' and faces charges including aggravated assault, reckless endangering and neglect. The 21-year-old, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, is now being treated for dehydration and cuts to his back and eyes.
Nicola Sturgeon denies saying she would prefer David Cameron to remain in No 10. She said the story was a sign of 'panic' within the Westminster establishment over the surge of support for her party. Ms Sturgeon called on Ed Miliband to commit to working with the SNP to 'lock out' Mr Cameron from Downing Street in the event of a hung parliament.
The British-born fashion designer, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an Instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her. 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday,' she wrote alongside the photo. The birthday gift comes four days after her Hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police he had groped her.
Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era. The 72-year-old's long-term employer, the BBC, is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff. Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of Operation Yewtree, including broadcasters Dave Lee Travis and Rolf Harris. The probe also exposed abuse by paedophile DJ Savile, who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it. The father-of-two had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him. As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from manhole. The smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15ft of the ground on the pedestrian walkway. Despite his shock, the building contractor was able to grab his phone
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday that if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. 'The pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work,' Phillips told Dailymail.com of her mother who died in the summer of 2012. Before requesting physician assisted, which was not an option at the time of her death, Connie Phillips tried to fight her breast cancer with a number of different treatments. 'We nagged her, encouraged her to continue treatment when she didn't want
Brett and Naghmeh King refused to let Ashya, 5, have chemotherapy. Consultant Peter Wilson said chances of long-term survival could have been halved. Mr King, 51, said Ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as his cancer was in remission. Family then went to Prague for proton beam therapy, and now say 'no evidence' of a tumour.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son Alex, 5, over her older boy William, 7. She said that the bond with Alex's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the first six to 12 months of his life she didn't want anyone else to touch him or 'rub their smell on him' Since revelations about how she prefers the smell of her younger boy Alex, Amie Cox says she has been attacked on the SBS Insight website, but says he is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally
Dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border. Pictures released by North Korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain's base. Kim Jong-Un told soldiers that the alleged climb had given him mental energy'more powerful than nuclear weapons'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. Hackings doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013. Cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found dead in his car in Wembley last week. He was an outspoken opponent of the Assad regime in his native country. Leslie Cooper, 36, has been charged over the suspected murder. He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing. He will appear at the Old Bailey later this week. Scotland Yard said tonight that a second man, 61, had been arrested.
George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office. His nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy. In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure  and it was getting to him. The nadir came when the Chancellor was booed at the Paralympic Games. Osborne did not consider throwing in the towel, but he knew that he had to break out of the Treasury bunker.
Queen's Hospital, Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space in its mortuary. Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about the arrangement. Bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings, then returned to the truck. Hospital said there were an unprecedented number of deaths over the Easter bank holiday weekend.
John and Karen Copleston claim Paul Phillips, 67, 'constantly harassed' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset. Retired Mr Phillips, the treasurer of the local Neighbourhood Watch scheme, accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land. When the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery that forced them to install CCTV cameras. The covert footage caught Mr Phillips fiddling with the gate's lock, waving and smiling at the camera and repeatedly setting off a motion sensor.
Video shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. Elon Musk had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system. A note was left on her car claiming she had no right to park in a disabled space, despite the fact that she has a handicap permit. Her mother, Corinna, took to Facebook to publicly shame the writer, while also defending her daughter and her condition.
Catholic News Service in America slams 'anti-Catholic point of view' Criticises depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More as'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude' US media looking forward to 'great British import' starring Damian Lewis. Washington Post reviewer warns distortion of facts points to 'ideological bias'
Wayne Heneker was ambushed by a masked gunman while delivering funds to a local tavern in Queensland. The father-of-two said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life. Seconds after he shot his attacker, he discovered the gunman was former colleague Shameem Rahman. Mr Heneker said he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple. The Brisbane couple's mosque has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast for a night. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack, which was caught on camera, to come forward.
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned the winner of The Voice UK 2015. He beat fellow contestant Lucy O'Byrne in the final. Now he has to break the curse of previous winners who flop out of the charts. Series one winner Leanne Mitchell failed to rank any higher than number 45. Her debut single, a cover of Whitney Houston's I Would Run To You only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released. Andrea Begley's album, The Message, released in October 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts, but compare that to the success of most X
Thomas Buckett plunged 15ft on to a concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on a glass skylight. The group of teenagers had broken into the schools tuck shop before scaling the roof on a Sunday in May 2010. Mr Buckett spent two weeks in a coma following the fall and suffered ten skull fractures. Doctors removed half his skull and repaired it like a jigsaw in a revolutionary procedure involving specialists from Italy.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove kindergartner Logan from class. The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained. Lake County school district told the station they would not suspend Logan saying it was a 'health issue'
A prisoner who shared a ride to jail with Freddie Gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van. The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for possible traces of Gray's DNA. The Washington Post obtained the affidavit from a person who asked the prisoner, who remains jailed for violating a restraining order, not be identified for fears over their safety.
The New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon. Taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesnt reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come. As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanitys first ever visit to Pluto. It was launched on 19 January 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph (58,536 km/h) - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave Earth orbit, 100 times faster than
Angela Kelly, 67, spent many years wearing high heel shoes. Four years ago, a shopping trip was torture for Angela. She had almost no cartilage left in her knee and needed a titanium knee replacement. The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head nearly two months after going missing in may 2014. Authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will. His mother believes that he signed his death warrant when he began working for the force.
Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, while men hit the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months. Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships. A third of adults met their closest friends while at school with a fifth saying they met them at work.
Vladimir Putin, 62, appeared on Russian TV this week looking fresh-faced. The wrinkles on his forehead, clearly visible in previous pictures, have disappeared. His skin look smooth, taut, tanned and younger than ever. Comes amid rumours he has had cosmetic surgery to give himself a youthful look.
A French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. The Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40. The powerful advert for Garnier's Miracle Sleeping Cream has gained widespread coverage.
Beachfront property with spectacular views has gone on the market for £3million. It is overlooking an ancient smugglers cove on Cornwalls north coast. Boasting seven bedrooms, six reception rooms and seven bathrooms, the property has direct access to the beach. Estate agents said they have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes in Cornwall since Poldark began airing last month.
Jason Rezaian, 39, is the Post's Tehran bureau chief. He has been detained in Iran for eight months and faces trial. Iranian news agency claims he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' The report alleges he obtained economic and industrial information from the country and then sold it to unnamed Americans.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years. The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. The 'Cripmas' party, held last December, had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas. The party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night. The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers. Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again. He was treated at the scene and taken to hospital as a precaution.
Parents Craig and Bonnie Morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life. They have come to believe that a private education is the best way to achieve it. So desperate are they to get their son Craig  known to them as CJ  into a local prep school that theyve put their house on the market in order to pay the fees. And thats not all. The Morgans have also slashed their weekly grocery bills by more than half, taken in lodgers, and have pinned their hopes on a crowd-funding initiative.
Pope Francis described mass-murders of 1.5million Armenians in 1915 as 'the first genocide of the 20th century' The pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass on Sunday. Turkey has summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest. Turkey said Pope Francis has caused a 'problem of trust' in the country.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush. In the Kluane National Park, Wendy flew over the world's largest non-polar icefield. Kluane is home to a huge grizzly bear population, so one morning she set off in search of them.
Scientists have found traces of compounds in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain. At first researchers thought they might have been using these plants as a form of self-medication, but now new findings have presented a different theory. Dr Sabrina Krief, a lecturer at the National Museum of Natural History in Paris, and her colleagues suggests they may have used them to make food more palatable. They have found that wild chimpanzees in Uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught.
The coyote was first seen by a local walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene. However, the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops' attempts to catch it. It was only captured more than an hour later when Emergency Services Unit officers finally managed to shoot the animal with a dart laced with Ketaset. It is the second time that a coyote has been sighted in New York in little more than two weeks
Unidentified woman boarded bus in Ozone Park, Queens, on Saturday. She recorded driver looking at papers and driving with his wrists and forearms. Bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance. Driver has been taken out of passenger service while agency investigates.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said. The bodies of a woman, 37, her daughter, 2, and her son, 8, were discovered by police Monday night, Eastpointe police Lt. Neil Childs said. Investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the Macomb County prosecutor's office for review. The victims have been identified as Christie Fradeneck, her daughter Celeste, and her son Timothy.
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram. With 342,969 photos, it trumps Sydney's popular Bondi Beach which has been ranked second with 261,911 photos. It is then followed by the World Heritage listed Sydney Opera House with 134,641. Others include the Twelve Apostles along the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Uluru which is also known as Ayers Rock in the Northern Territory and the Big Banana in Coffs Harbour. The famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap on
An unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond, Texas, is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class. Officials with the Lamar Consolidated Independent School District say the eight-page handout wasn't approved by administrators. The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' and 'There are an estimated 190-300 million 'radical Islam' followers'
90 per cent of bets placed on the sex of the royal baby have been in favour of a girl. A Scottish punter placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess. The 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular dates for the birth. Names such as Alice and Victoria are also popular with betting fans.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the venue where she was set to get married. A memorial service has been finalised to take place at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near Ms Scott's home town of Canowindra. On Thursday the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. For the past 12 months, Ms Scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley. The Leeton high school teacher went missing on Easter Sunday.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote in next month's general election. Campbell has joined forces with Homeland actor David Harewood, musician Tinie Tempah and Paralympic medallist//television presenter Ade Adepitan. The campaign, run by Operation Black Vote, features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline on April 20.
Edward Fride, the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan, suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. He warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response His letter was called Were not in Mayberry Anymore, Toto in a reference to the Andy Griffith Show set in a North Carolina town in the 1960s. Catholic Bishop Earl Boyea said that guns did not belong in a Catholic church while it was not appropriate to hold classes on
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected several 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week. He says he got the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue in L.A. a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street. However, Plastic Jesus says the signs aren't meant to single out the Kardashian family specifically, but rather the whole world of reality television.
Maggie, 37, gave birth to her daughter Cecilia Kathryn Kathryn on February 9. The mother-of-three shared a photo of herself playing with her two-year-old son Quinnlann Clancy on the beach on Monday. The fashion veteran was last seen on the catwalk in September 2014 at Michael Kors' New York Fashion Week show.
Temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon. Five flood alerts are in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria. Today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern Britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers.
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says actor Aidan Turner, 31, should have kept his shirt on to protect himself from the sun. He also questioned whether Turner had been shown how to use a scythe properly before the cameras rolled. 'There was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time youd mow like that would be in a competition,' he says.
Marks & Spencer is stocking the Bouea macrophylla  or mango plum. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum. It has a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture. M&S fruit expert Shazad Rehman said: 'It has a soft texture and all the delicious flavour of a mango without any of the hassle'
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards. Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog. He was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning a blind eye' to drug dealing.
Thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an Army psychiatrist who is now on military death row. Following years of tension, the Army gave the Purple Hearts to survivors and relatives of the dead in a somber ceremony on the Texas military post. Top military commanders recalled tables that became makeshift stretchers to transport the wounded and dying. The Purple Heart, given to military personnel wounded in battle, offers increased retirement pay.
On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the Australian domestic network. The latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline.
Nikko Jenkins, 28, tried to carve '666' into his forehead but did it backwards. The symbol is described in the biblical book of Revelation as 'the sign of the beast', and has since been popularized by the horror movie The Omen. Jenkins was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison.
DJ Neil Fox, 53, denies nine sex attacks on six victims - including three children. One alleged victim says Fox repeatedly assaulted her at Capital Radios studios in Leicester Square. Two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at Magic FM's studios in Central London. Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent.
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, proposed to girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36. She was watching her boyfriend run in the Brighton marathon with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months. Anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on Hove seafront, because she was unaware of his proposal plan.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer, and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care. Instead, Broskey has taken a job with Uber, hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can continue to live in his house. Now he is getting a little help too from Uber after they heard about his story. The company has donated $5,000 to the man, and is also donating $1 to a GoFundMe campaign set up for the man for every rider who enters
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week. The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios. Using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions.
Xavier Denamur sparked fury after he exposed France as a country of microwave cheats. He even went as far as to compare chefs' corner-cutting as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. Last year France did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the World's 50 Best Restaurant Awards.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, of Leytonstone, east London, picked a target on the platform - a 'confident and articulate' professional in her 20s. He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. He pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summers day.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat women online. Months before his arrest in late 2012, Valle, then a New York police officer, sat at his computer, hiding behind fictional online identities and exchanging messages about murdering and eating women. Valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone. 'This was something that was private, anonymous, it was a little bit of a skeleton in my closet,' Valle says.
Craig Roberts, 36, from Chadderton, Manchester, was told he had to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. He said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' by the incident. Mr Roberts was born with glaucoma, a condition which affects eyesight as a result of pressure built up behind the eye.
Emma Forbes, 49, is the daughter of actress Nanette Newman and film director Bryan Forbes. The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. But it is not to everyones taste  one neighbour has described it as looking like a down- market mortuary
The heartwarming scenes were captured by professional photographer Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia. He sat and watched as the mother, who was also already lying on the banks of the lake, became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs. The bear family are part of a huge population found in the Kronotsky Reserve - known as the Kingdom of bears.
Pittsburgh-based pop-up store, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap. Female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. All sales from the ceramics, textiles, publications, art prints, and stationery sole will go back to the female artists who made them.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. Her son - a businessman who lives in the area - was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with murder. He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas.
Por-Bajin was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia. The island has baffled experts for over a hundred years who say it could have been anything from a prison, to a palace or monastry. A reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined. The fortress is located about 3,800km from Moscow near the Mongolian border.
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume. Animal Kingdom is filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes, patterns and shapes. The art book has achieved unheard levels of success, selling 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow near Bergen. Numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story. There have been sightings of worm rainfall in Lindås and Suldal, and also hundreds of miles away in Femunden.
Jonathan W. Krueger, the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday. Police charged Justin Smith, 18, with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim. Another man who was. with Krueer told officers a min van pulled up and confronted them. He claims the men grabbed his watch, and that he then threw his wallet and. them and ran. He
Freddie Gray died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' following his arrest by three bicycle officers for a violation that's been kept'secret' until today. Police still have no answers about exactly what happened that led to the neck injury though Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the van' Six officers have been suspended, but investigators say they still dont know how it happened.
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years. Reigate and Banstead Borough Council immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down within 90 days.
Memorials to South Africa's colonial past were defaced by mainly young black protesters. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse. In the latest demonstration, vandals smeared paint the figure of a young Mohandas Gandhi.
Tina Fey was seen out with her husband Jeff Richmond and daughter Penelope Friday morning in New York City. This is the first time the Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on April 5. Dr. Brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, though that is not the reason friends say he took his life. The character, played by Martin Short, is played by comedy veteran Martin Short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life Dr
Mohammed Dahbi discriminated against actress Kassie Thornton and her TV executive partner Christy Spitzer after ordering them to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' He warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on September 18, 2011, he would throw them out. He claimed during the city's Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings they were 'touching each other all over' and 'kissing heavily' But Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay the fine.
Notable TV shows are said to be encouraging a new generation of occultists. Professor Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican-backed exorcism course. He said: 'There are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people's blood, or encourage them to have special sexual relations to obtain special powers'
Karen Gaynor appeared at Rotherham Magistrates Court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree. A complaint was made by her next door neighbour as part of a long-running boundary dispute. Magistrates took just 15 minutes to find the 53-year-old not guilty, saying that she had acted with good intentions.
Joshua Corbett, 39, is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her Los Angeles home in June. A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to go on trial. On Thursday, a 911 call played in court showed Bullock telling a dispatcher she was hiding in her closet. The actress sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house.
ComRes poll reveals 54% want her kept out of the next UK government. And 59% want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country. Pollsters said older British adults were the most likely to be opposed to SNP influence. An astonishing 71% of those aged 65 and over want to lock Ms Sturgeon out of power. By contrast, 36% of voters back the Lib Dems playing a role in the next government, with only 40% against.
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the services accounts over the next five years. The Prime Minister said last night he was utterly committed to the healthService.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. Mr Ryan, a married father-of-two, was taken to Staten Island University. He has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off on Tuesday. Punk fashion took to the runway at Sydney's Carriageworks. Khim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Ginger and Smart embraced a raw, punk style on the catwalk.
Ryan, 41, phoned Rhodri, 38, and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship. The two brothers were spotted out together with friends at the Neighbourhood bar in Manchester on Easter Sunday. The affair was first revealed in June 2011 when Rhodri's wife Natasha admitted an eight-year affair with the former star winger.
SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead. She sparked outrage by refusing to rule out a second vote on breaking up the Union. In September, 55 per cent voted in favour of staying in the UK. But the SNP has seen a surge in support since then and is set to take dozens of seats from Labour in the general election.
One bookie has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on the Tories. Not a single bet of this size has been placed on Ed Miliband's Labour. The betting market echoes polls which have revealed that people expect Mr Cameron to remain Prime Minister  even if they are not planning to vote for the Tories themselves. Paddy Power said they are expecting the election to be the biggest non sporting market in its history.
Patrick O'Melia, 39, found Justin Braddock, 34, unconscious in a car. He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him. Braddock was taken to hospital but fled without a thank you. He was later caught by deputies as he ran away from Florida Hospital. A two-year-old child was said to have been found in the back of the car.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns, who travel to the settlement of Sertar to study Tibetan Buddhism. The red and brown houses are nearly identical, with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed. Nuns and monks are housed near to their colleges, and separated by age and sex.
The handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi explains in detail how ISIS were able to take control in Syria by infiltrating villages and using spies. Haji Bakr is widely considered to have been ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's closest advisor and the overall head of his military council until his execution in January 2014. The 'blueprints' outline exactly how the group intended to infiltrate villages and cities by recruiting young men as spies and establishing a 'Stasi-like' secret service.
The 223ft Explorer comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty for space for supercar and jetski storage. With space for 12 lucky guests on board, the concept yacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro is the ultimate toy for the extremely wealthy. According to Tony Castro Design, the superyacht costs approximately 40million euros (around £29million/$43million)
A 13-page checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000) The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. Gemini 4 launched from Cape Canaveral in Florida on 3 June 1965 with two astronauts on board. One, Ed White, was tasked with performing the first US spacewalk. He spent 20 minutes in space, and said coming back in was 'the saddest moment of my life' Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves, they wouldn't have been able
Andrei Lunev walked on a tripwire while reporting on fighting in Shyrokyne. He suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds and was taken to hospital. Incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight. The yearlong military conflict between Russian-backed rebels and Kiev government forces has claimed more than 6,000 lives.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition. The EPA found that methyl bromide was used at other Sirenusa units in the past year.
Mary Day, 60, claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance. But she had £27,000 of her own savings in the bank when claiming benefits. She went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014. She was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers. Day pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify the Department for Work and Pensions of a change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits. District Judge Stephen Nicholls sentenced her to three months in prison, but suspended the sentence for 12 months.
Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside. Holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight, which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area. A 26-year-old man from Huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming' The woman said it sounded like a scream, as if the dog was being tortured. Police were called to the restaurant but left after finding no obvious injuries to the animal. Coco was seized by police on veterinary advice and placed in RSPCA care. Coco has since been rehomed.
The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
Manning, 27, was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. One month after being found guilty, Manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named Chelsea Elizabeth Manning. In February this year, after suing the Defense Department, Manning was approved for hormone treatment, allowing the former Army private to make the transition into a woman while serving out her sentence. Manning recently started a Twitter account operated using the telephone from prison, and this is her profile photo.
Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. Labour Party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the Tories. Revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leaders personal character. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Mr Miliband could stab Britain in the back like he did to his brother.
Chuka Umunna said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. Mr Balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary, while Mr Miliband is more ideologically wedded to maintaining it.
73% of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month. Fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and are more likely to travel than those who steer clear of the snack. The type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you, the survey by US dating site Skout found.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. Hinch and Hughes were on ABC's Q&A on Monday night discussing alcohol and depression. The episode came after a video surfaced of Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub on the weekend.
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party. Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. Landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support'
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, were held over alleged 'ill treatment' of their child after it emerged that her birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, were never registered and they did not attend school. Couple were also being questioned by police over claims that Filipino Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa. Police said the girl, Blanca Cousins, had been unhappy and a police source said she locked herself in a bathroom before falling to her death.
Gunfights broke out and vehicles were set ablaze in one of Mexico's biggest cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. Three suspected assailants were killed and two state police were injured during the violence on Friday. On Saturday, Mexican authorities confirmed the capture of Jose Tiburcio Hernandez Fuentes who was transferred to Mexico City.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts. The troubled teenagers Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of bud for cash and an image of him smoking a glass pipe. On Sunday, on his fourth day on the run Jake Castner said 'we don't talk to police' On April 6, Castner boasted 'police can't catch me when I'm prowling'
Pompous Albert is a Selkirk Rex cat from Salt Lake City, USA. The grey feline has racked up 44.1K followers on Instagram. He is named after famous physician Albert Einstein, due to his white-grey curly hair. Albert is the latest frowning feline to become a social media hit.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with dementia on her 41st birthday. Doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in just five years. She is living in fear of not recognising her 17-year-old daughter, Holly. She said the joys of watching Holly grow up had 'all been stolen from me'
Experts said training was heavily geared towards young people. This left them vulnerable when companies start shedding jobs. Over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24  and were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s.
Kent Sprouse was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man outside a Dallas-area convenience store. He died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in Tulun, Russia. The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet. Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
Body cam vision shows officers saving several victims from a flipped Holden Commodore. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase. The vision was captured at a known hoon hotspot in Yatala on the Gold Coast. Police allege the driver Zayne Robert Dalton, 20, was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer. A police helicopter monitoring the Commodore captured the vehicle running a red light, before crashing into a pole, flipping onto its roof and catching ablaze.
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent. The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam. But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering today.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the latest real life model to star in a campaign for clothing label ModCloth. The Los Angeles-based writer and self-confessed 'gender rebel' has been a fan of the brand's designs for years, and often posts pictures of herself wearing the clothing on the company's Style Gallery.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) It causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when exposed to sunlight. A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days. Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered. Even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain.
A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. Indulging in two hot cross buns (without jam and butter) will take up to 50 minutes of running. One medium chocolate bunny takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking. Women need to paddle for half an hour longer than men to work it off.
Ronald Reagan met Mikhail Gorbachev for the first time in Geneva in 1985. He asked the Soviet leader for his support in the event of an alien invasion. Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students. His subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers to remove any mention of aliens in them.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, took part in the NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in the Bavarian town of Kreuth yesterday afternoon. Dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat, she was seen riding a number of different horses. She is expected to compete in the grand final of the tournament on Saturday evening. Comes just days after her 16-year-old brother Mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash.
Duchess of Cambridge is just over a week away from her due date. Carole Middleton has given the royal nursery at Anmer Hall a makeover. Several pots of pink paint have been delivered to the Norfolk home. Annie Sloan has supplied three feminine paint samples for the nursery. Kensington Palace refused to 'confirm' or 'deny' plans to paint the room.
Kieron Power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars. His wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van. A week after she received the ticket he went back to gather evidence of police vehicles parked at the stop in Kingston upon Thames, South-West London.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when a tornado struck her home in Fairdale, Illinois. Her husband Clem, 84, was also killed in the storm, but survived. A 1980 photograph showing the couple was found 35 miles away in Harvard. It showed Mrs Schultz alongside her husband and was in a church directory.
Homes such as these in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move. Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site in Chongqing Municipality.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20', which will air on Friday. The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with Fuala Pau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student. She fell pregnant with his child and served a seven-year prison term for the relationship. After she was released, they married and now have two children together.
This is according to marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in the French region of Poitou-Charentes. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives. The bones of the two adults show these and other markings. But 'there is no evidence of cut marks or carnivores' at the site.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m from her ex-husband Charles in 2010. She believed it was half his share in software company AppSense. But firm was valued wildly higher, and his stake was said to be worth £132m. Court of Appeal found that Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court but refused to overturn the divorce settlement. Mrs Sharland will now take her fight to the Supreme Court.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post. Rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling Rios a misogynist and a hypocrite.
Audrey Pekin, 19, has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a Christmas holiday to Bali with her family. She says she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home. The pair began drinking together at the Bounty Bar in Kuta, before moving to the nearby Sky Garden to continue the night. She claims she began to feel unwell due to her type 1 diabetes. AlafU lured her back to where his property away from the bustling tourist centre of the city, and brutally
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students. In mid-March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher. The latest lawsuit, filed last week, describes how Altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her class. According to the complaint, the relationship between the woman and the boys in
Glen Walford, 75, has spent two years fighting Worcestershire County Council over whether the £205,000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mothers care. The theatre director has invested £40,000 in renovations to the property. Council argued that the house was not her home at the time when her mother went into care because she rents a flat in London.
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed woman and hit her head against a wall. He then stamped on her head and chest at Lincoln County Court. Keeley launched a chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her. Victim suffered cut to her right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear, a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs.
The tool works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed. It appears to only work when you're signed into your Google account on Chrome. The same Google account must be signed into on the phone. A map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity. The phone's location is shown and clicking 'Ring' will remotely call the handset. Google's latest tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data.
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, had been petrified of snakes for 30 years. She would obsessively check her toilet for the reptiles every day. Today she was cured of her phobia live on TV by therapists Nik and Eva Speakman. She was able to touch a real-life 9ft Burmese python as it stretched out across her lap.
Model and actress Sulinh Lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on Furious 7. The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress told a blogger during the Furious 7 premiere in LA last week that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set. But a stunt supervisor on the film said she was an extra on the set - one among some 1,500 people.
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, of Lake Elmo, Minnesota. Dr Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows Steele's brain was deteriorating because of ALS. Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June and claims he blacked out during the killings.
The House In The Sea is located in Newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. The island is completely surrounded by waves, making for a peaceful retreat. The house can be booked in advance, with prices reaching £3,000 per couple for a week's stay at the peak of summer.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times, taking the search for the special ring global.
Marie Surprenant, from Atlanta, Georgia, was eight-months-old and weighed only 14lbs when she was admitted to the Childrens Healthcare of Atlanta with more than 14 fractures, numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. After her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested, Marie was placed into foster care and later adopted. She wrote a heartwrenching open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved. She ended her message by encouraging other social workers to always do their best to help children
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured in an air strike. He is no longer in control of the terrorist group, according to an Iraqi source. The source said that he was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition. At first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low. But he pulled through and is slowly recovering but does not have the reins of Isis.
71% of voters say they have no need to know about party leaders' wives. Only a quarter say it is important to get to know leaders' domestic lives. Party leaders have made wives more prominent in election campaign than ever before. Findings may come as a shock to Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg, who have all invited cameras into their homes.
Buddhist Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at Lingquan Temple in central China's Anyang City. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible. His disciples placed his body in the lotus position and sealed it inside a large porcelain vase with cement. The body was later taken out and placed beneath a crystal glass cover.
Toshiba's humanoid robot is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo. The female-looking robot, named Aiko Chihira, will only speak Japanese - but she is also capable of sign language. It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the department store including events. The robots appearance wasnt modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression.
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving along Chili Avenue, in Rochester, NY. He dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt, causing several layers to burst into flames. Flowers immediately pulled over and tried to extract burning cigarette from top. But windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso. Three Good Samaritans pulled over to try to extinguish blaze - at first, using their hands, then by hurling the man into a snow bank. Flowers was rushed to Strong Memorial Hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck. But on Sunday,
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45am during schoolies week in the popular NSW beach town. The prank backfired when he accidentally ran'screaming and yelling' past a group of police officers. The officers then found him hiding in a nearby kebab shop. He was fined $500 for offensive behaviour.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' He believed the victim, Greg Valecce, 53, had hurt his cat, Pebbles. Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him. While restrained Campbell tattooed 'RIP Pebbles' onto his right arm along with a smiley face that had breasts for eyes and a penis for a nose. Halin took over the tattoo gun and inked swastikas, Stars of David, two variations of
Jamie Pettingill was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction. In the most serious incident he flashed a knife at a schoolboy, telling him 'Don't f**k with me, I'll cut your f**king face off', as he stole the boy's mobile phone. He avoided jail time, with the judge fearing his surname would bring him unwanted attention in prison. His father, Trevor, was acquitted of shooting two police constables in Melbourne's infamous 1988 Walsh Street
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, this October. The pair met thanks to a car accident in August 2013. Ranette was married at the time of the accident, but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years. Marko crashed into Ranette's parked car while she was waiting for her husband to return from the bank. They exchanged insurance details and began to text regularly. On their third date, just two months after the smash, Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it. It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant and give a speech about the economy. Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, sitting in her car nearby, who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely.
Most of England and Wales will enjoy sunshine over the next few days with temperatures hitting 24C later this week. The temperature in the South is forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, the 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in London on Friday. Warm air blowing up from the Azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August.
Kyle Seitz, 37, of Ridgefield, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. Temperatures that day soared into the upper 80s. It was not until Seitz drove to his son's day care at the end of the work day to pick him up that he realized Ben was dead in the back of his Jeep Cherokee.
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils. NASUWT union said indiscipline is a significant problem, with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. Last year, staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other childrens throats.
A new series, Chaos Caught on Camera, premieres on Science Channel Monday, April 13, and reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage, giving viewers a very intense experience as if they're actually there in the disaster-zone.
Koral Reef, 20, from Temecula, California, died October 20 from a rare, deadly and incurable brain-eating amoeba infection. Reef's family believes she picked up the Balamuthia mandrillaris infection on a May 2013 trip to Lake Havasu in Arizona. There is no proven treatment for the deadly and mysterious infection, which has been identified in 200 cases worldwide.
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter. Frances Cappuccini died within hours of her second sons birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians' He says research into stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan' French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas. The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. The drama will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea. An Immigration Department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon. Cyclist suffered punctured lung, broken ribs and a broken clavicle. Incident occurred in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco. Uber said there was no passenger in the vehicle at the time.
Jesus Salas Aguayo was arrested on Friday in his hometown of Villa Ahumada. The Juarez Cartel boss was known for his brutal methods of killing rivals. He is linked to over twenty deaths, including the murder of a state witness in El Paso, a 2010 car-bombing which claimed the lives of two federal police officers and a 2012 massacre of fifteen people in a Juarez City bar.
Cannes director Thierry Fremaux said he could not ban the pictures. But he urged celebrities to stop taking 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures. He said the pictures slowed down the event and made celebrities look 'ugly' 17 films will be competing for prizes at the May 13-24 festival.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across its local authorities, four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard. Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each. Manchester City Council was the worst offender for its size, with 77 individuals working for it in PR and similar areas.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, has spoken of her shock and anguish at discovering her husband of six years had been leading a double life. Andrew OClee had secretly moved in with finance manager Philippa Campbell, who lived 40 miles away. He told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme  and even left mid-way through the birth after claiming that police were waiting for him outside. The ex-soldier was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The married mother of two suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German Second World War submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. The Captain Birdseye lookalike was jailed at Manchester Crown Court for a total of four years and eight months. His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505.
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, was 12st 7lb and wore size 14 clothes. She swapped takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts. She has now left behind her job in nursing and joined the ranks of professional fitness models, hitting the gym for three hours a day. She said: 'I want other women torealise that you're never too old to completely change your life around - all it takes is some hard work'
Video was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers. The camera slips from helmet and makes its stomach-churning plunge to the ground. Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid £2,200 for one 12-hour shift. Figure equates to £183 an hour, double the rate for a neurologist. 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December last year, FOI revealed. Trust has been criticised for wasting taxpayers' money amid shortage of nurses.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in October 2009 as she walked to a youth club in Moss Side, Manchester. The girl, now 18, eventually went to police in February 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved, and detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape. Today Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed the rapist to live as a free man just streets away from the girl he attacked.
Karen Catherall, 45, was viciously beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys. The pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in Gwernaffield near Mold, Flintshire, North Wales. Police have since told the family that she made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub, which went through to BT to deal with. But call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help. Her mother, Glenys Keir, 74, and sister Lorraine Humphreys, 49, have
Jamelia, 34, said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on the ITV show in a discussion about overweight teenagers. Now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20. 'Of course I don't think we should ban plus-size clothes from shops,' she said today.
Corey Edwards, from Teignmouth, Devon more than anything wanted to see his parents Craig, 28, and Jemma, 21, tie the knot. The five-year-old was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months and since then has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments. They had been engaged for three years but decided to fast track their wedding when they discovered their son Corey may not live much longer.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea. The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. Since Walter acquired the unusual taste, all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage, which has been nicknamed 'a hug in a cup'
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern. Butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers, which gives them their Greek order name of Lepidoptera - meaning scaled wings. The brighter colours are created thanks to the scattering of light by the scales, which are layered in different patterns on top of each other.
We're all guilty of snacking, but there are some who do it more often than others. Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits in the UK. She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers. Take our quiz to find out just what sort of snacker you are.
Archaeologists have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. The discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously. It means ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
Shanna McCormick, 31, from Manchester, weighed 28st and was a size 20. Doctors warned she would die if she didn't slim down - and fast. She called off engagement to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan. She lost 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes so she can walk down the aisle.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is accused of walking into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday and killing his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44. He was arrested more than 500 miles away early on Tuesday after officers found him sleeping on a Florida beach. He will be extradited back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder. On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing. He confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement, saying he '
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam. Authorities only cottoned on after she said her 2010 marriage to Salle Keita, of Mali, was actually her first. She has been arrested multiple times, including for loitering, drug possession, and jumping a turnstile and trespassing.
Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. Handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie, who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away, says her daughter's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand. Also claims that Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare. She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families. Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Margaret Tyler, 71, and John Loughery, 60, were among the group. Mrs Tyler is an avid collector of royal memorabilia worth more than £10,000. Mr LougHery was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April.
Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend, Raffaele Sollecito were exonerated by the Italian Supreme Court in late March for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher. Knox's biographer, Douglas Preston, tells RadarOnline that the ordeal has left the Seattle native penniless, exhausted and traumatized from stress. Preston claims that Knox has been ravaged financially by legal fees. 'The ordeal has been hugely emotional, but the financial impact has been catastrophic,' says Preston.
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on Shiva, 11. Items were discovered in the boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau. Alleged beating was so severe that Shiva complained of a severe stomach ache. An ambulance was called but by the time Shiva got to nearby Fatehpur Hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox' Freekah is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks. Spiralizing is a gadget that turns vegetables into low-carbohydrate'spaghetti' Fermented foods, including cabbage, act as probiotic - encouraging the growth of bacteria.
Tori, Dean McDermott, their kids, Liam, Stella, Hattie and Finn, and a few other guests, had enjoyed their Easter brunch, when Tori tripped and fell onto a hot Japanese style grill used to prepare food in front of customers. Tori was eventually taken to the Grossman Burn Center at the West Hills Hospital for treatment. It was determined that she needed skin grafts.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband after she was bitten by a Doberman. The 44-year-old was campaigning on his behalf in his Doncaster constituency. She said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' when they first met. But he failed to tell her that he was secretly going out with their'mutual friend' She said: 'Apparently we had nothing in common. He wanted to talk about economics'
Alexander Pacteau, 21, has been charged with murdering Karen Buckley. He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice. Miss Buckley's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in Glasgow. She went missing after a night out at a nightclub in the city on Saturday.
Zoe Elizabeth Sugg, 25, has amassed a huge teen following on social media. Her boyfriend Alfie Deyes, 21, has more than three million subscribers. Oliver's company says it has a deal with YouTube that ensures that the chef's channel on the video sharing website actively stops sugary food and drinks from being promoted.
Muslim Engagement and Development said to be in talks with Tories and Labour. At least one candidate is said to have been offered campaign money in return for back the group's 'Muslim Manifesto' Mend is linked to extremist Abu Eesa Niamatullah and promotes hate preacher Haitham al-Haddad.
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, likely had contracted a fast-moving type of leukemia, known as acute myeloid leukemia, months before his death. He was diagnosed only a day before he lost his brief battle with the illness. The married father of two leaves behind his wife, daughter and son-in-law.
Wanquan Castle, in China's northern Hebei province, was built in 1393. The fortress measures some two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. Now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site to something approaching it previous glory. The restoration work will see building work completed in the original Ming Dynasty style of architecture.
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea lives in London's exclusive SW3 postcode. He has enjoyed the best hotels around the world, but also stays at Travelodge. His favourite place to stay is the Tryall Club in Jamaica's Montego Bay. If he could go anywhere in the world to busk for a day, it would be New York.
The 61-year-old Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon Dr Salomon Melgen, 60. According to an indictment unsealed this month, Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas - including Brazilian actress Juliana Lopes Leite and Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk.
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, was treated at the Ronald Reagan center of UCLA hospital in Los Angeles on Tuesday. She had booked the appointment two weeks ago, a friend told Daily Mail Online. The Victoria's Secret Angel was seen partying at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house by herself in the Xiangtan, south China. The five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property. Neighbours rushed to help after they spotted the little girl hanging in the air with her head trapped between the bars.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, accused of raping female housemate. Pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away. Alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims. She reportedly told female contestants that she did not consent to having sex.
Ashy Bines is facing court action over an unpaid $300,000 tax debt. The debts include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. Court documents show the tax office launched action in November. It has since lodged an application to liquidate ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program.
Chris Greenwood stayed at Camping La Chappelle with his wife, Catherine, and children, Joe and Anna. The Greenwood family made several trips to the pleasant Argeles beach with its mountain backdrop. Multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery kept the Greenwoods busy.
Kira-Lea Dargin is the founder of Aboriginal Model Management Australia. The agency started out with just five models and now has 40. Samantha Harris was one of the most prominent faces at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia in Sydney this week. The only other indigenous face to join the 24-year-old stunner at the biggest week on the country's fashion calendar is Lauren Feenstra.
Viktoria Charkley was watching Disney's The Lion King for the first time. Her crestfallen reaction as she witnessed the sad scene was captured on camera. Shot by her adoring dad, Barles, the video has so far garnered more than four million views on Facebook.
The Western Lowland Gorillas were born to mothers Layla and Kumi on January 17 and 19 at the Bronx Zoo. Despite being just three months old, keepers don't know either of their genders yet, and so they haven't been named. The pair have been spotted roaming around the zoo's Congo Gorilla Forest exhibit with their mothers, who are both 16 years old.
Robert Downey Jr has helped raise more than £1million for a British hospice by raffling off a date with himself to his latest film premiere. The Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles to join him on the red carpet. His offer - which also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride - was up for grabs via $10 (£6.80) tickets and raised money for children's hospice Julia's House.
Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five Pennie Davis. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier. Mrs Davis was discovered in a pool of blood by her new husband after she was stabbed while tending her horses in the New Forest.
A woman was killed instantly on Wednesday after she drove her SUV around an active crossing gate and collided with an Amtrak train in Mississippi. The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian. The 57-year-old woman's name is being withheld until family members have been notified.
Daily Mirror published pictures of Hatton Garden raiders 21 hours before police released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of thieves. tabloid claims it handed the images to police, who were 'delighted', according to a report today in its sister title The Sunday Mirror. But yesterday afternoon detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity'
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network, to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a 'wholesale access agreement' that would help Google create a global network. Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are. Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, which is slated for release in December 2016. The Jedis are all but extinct, the Old Republic is in turmoil and the threat of the Death Star is looming in 'Rogue One,' fans learned at Star Wars Celebration on Sunday. Gareth Edwards who directed Godzilla debuted a tantalizing trailer to preview the mysterious film. At the screening, audience members were heard to gasp when Alec Guinness spoke and then whoop when the Death star came into view.
Wine experts have created a guide to matching wine with snacks. Pair Pinot Grigio with nachos and Shiraz Rose with salt and vinegar crisps. A Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll. Chardonnay goes great with wasabi peas or pittas and hummus. Merlot is the best glass to compliment chocolates.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of Swansea. After being held in a cell for 11 hours, the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm. It comes after Westbrook, 41, made claims on social media that her younger former lover had been violent towards her. Richards strenuously denies the allegations and has not been charged.
The video was shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber in Bali, Indonesia. It shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide, who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down. As the monkey continues to approach, the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk. The monkey recieves the bottle and holds it in its hands before attempting to quench its thirst.
Victim, who has not been named, was walking in subway in Newbury, Berkshire. Two boys approached him, doused him in highly flammable WD40 and threatened to set him alight. Victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment. Police are now hunting the pair following threats in broad daylight.
Luke Brett Moore, 27, overdrew his St George Bank account 48 times. He spent the money on a number of expensive items. His haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings. While Moore was spending up big, he was also receiving Centrelink payments between March and July in 2010. Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. He will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court.
Johnny Manziel was spotted for the first time since being released from rehab. The footballer checked into a facility on January 28 after stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate' Tuesday night the Cleveland Browns quarterback was seen enjoying a Texas Rangers game with girlfriend Colleen Crowley. He also stayed away from the booze, sipping water throughout the game. This as offseason workouts with the team will begin next Monday, April 20.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. His badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year. Monk was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of Operation Captura.
Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard's car had a flat tyre. She asked if they needed her help before the former PM agreed to a selfie. It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television.
Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations after more than a half century of hostility and confrontation. Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. Highlights of the video include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the suns surface and occasionally crashing down again. Elsewhere, solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) are seen erupting on the sun's surface, sending out huge amounts of energy. Transits of the moon, Venus and Earth across the sun, as observed from the SDO, are also seen, while towards the end of the
Ukip leader met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity at a hinge factory in Essex. The 62-year-old has lived in Colchester for five years after travelling to UK for work. He could not answer any of Mr Farage's questions as he does not speak any English. Mr Farage was quick to insist he did not want to send EU migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young Britons.
Ten former Atlanta public school educators, convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest U.S. test-cheating scandals, were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars. Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. 'I've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody,' said Baxter. The sentencing will resume on Tuesday.
The Queen's Guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard at Buckingham Palace last week. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle. The embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013. Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. The 35-year-old from Woolacombe in Devon is due to complete his 16,300-mile epic journey on Thursday. If he is successful, Mr Carr will beat the current record held by Australian ultramarathon runner Tom Denniss, by 24 hours.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year Afghanistan conflict at a cost of £200 million in ammunition alone. The large amount of ammunition expended during the conflict shows the intense nature of the fighting between British troops and their Taliban opponents. According to data released by the Ministry of Defence, some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. At least 80,000, 105mm artillery shells were fired at Taliban positions.
ISIS thugs are shown smashing shrines and statues in Iraq's UNESCO World Heritage city of Hatra. Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars. The fanatics claim ancient relics are 'false idols' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law. The video comes in wake of a major blow for ISIS, with Saddam Hussein's hometown of Tikrit falling into the hands of the Iraqi government.
Researchers in the US examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women. Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. Other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame. Women were given a difficult maths test and then underwent MRI scans to measure the response of their brains to stress.
Environmental health were called to The Sutton Arms, in Elton, last year. Two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis after eating at the pub on Easter Sunday. Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences when he appeared at Teesside Magistrates' Court yesterday.
The 61-year-old actor insists the church is not as evil as it has been depicted. Dismissed claims that he has been blackmailed by the elders to remain in the congregation. His words came in an interview to promote his new thriller The Forger. He urged critics to 'take time and read a book'
Ellia Beasley, 22, had the line'scream your heart out' written across her belly. She was never a huge fan of the band but the lyrics resonated with her. Singer Ian Watkins was later sent to prison for a string of child sex offences. Ellia was shocked when she heard about Watkin's depraved crimes. She hated the fact she was associated with him thanks to her tattoo.
Lord Macdonald QC was DPP between 2003 and 2008. He said CPS lawyers in Leicestershire decided fresh evidence was not worth pursuing. That decision meant Janner, now 86, was able to escape prosecution for eight years. But the CPS controversially announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to Alzheimer's.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed. Owners Arianne and Scott Bennett devised the rather sophisticated toppings. This is strictly a take-away operation though, as those who like to indulge won't be able to smoke on the premises.
New York-based writer Amanda Dobbins says Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel ad campaign doesn't show plus-size women of different proportions. The self-described 'body-positive' blogger has taken to social media, posting photos of herself in Lane Bryant underwear to her Instagram account in a'small offering of solidarity' with other women who feel unrepresented in fashion ads.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said. The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
Sergeant Dan Urman's parents Eitan and Ronit were invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. The National Hockey League organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. When they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them, their son Dan ran out on to the ice. Eitan was so excited to see his son that he ran to meet him halfway down the red carpet as Ronit stood in shock with her hands to her face. The father-and-son pair had a long embrace as a
The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use bleach to clean. The corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages. On Twitter, some users blasted the company for what they said was a 'racist' post.
The concept of a homestay holiday is that rather than renting an empty house or apartment, you stay at a reasonable cost in the home of your hosts. Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield. At best, homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, applied for daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School in Middleton near Rochdale as her only preference. Her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school. Mother-of-eight believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place. But she found out today that her daughter will attend Middleton Parish CofE Primary School instead. Ms Whitehouse's granddaughter Olivia, also four, also missed out on a place at the school and will have to attend  Middleton Parish
A Massachusetts man was arrested after police found two homes full of bomb-making materials. Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell tried to hide from the cameras as he was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device. This after authorities searched the residences following an incident on Saturday night in which Brennan accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette. 'Im an idiot. I lit a cigarette with the gunpowder in the front seat,' Brennan said in the police report.
Each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to visit the locations of the film. The first tours started shortly after the film opened, but now buses emblazoned with The Sound of Music circle the city. Lady Gaga paid tribute to the film, in the presence of its original star, Julie Andrews, for its 50th anniversary at the Oscars.
The $40 (£26) cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep. Unlike a normal cotton pillowcase, which apparently sucks moisture from the skin, the Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase's special blend of 'hydrophobic fibres' keeps the complexion hydrated all night.
Jack Andraka is just 18, yet his newly-published memoir carries a blurb from Barack Obama. He was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban Maryland with his elder brother, Luke, and parents, Jane, a nurse, and Steve, a civil engineer. The Andrakas encouraged their boys to think about how the world worked.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. Burglars fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. The burglary took place late at night in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba, in central Argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care.
MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era. From the 1950s to the '90s, Airbnb rentals cater to interior decor of all tastes. From a 1950s cottage to a 1970s campervan, here are some of the best rentals.
Gavin Daly, played by Pete Davidson, testified in Janet Johnson-Luna's trial. Told the court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it to gain extra credit. An attorney, portrayed by host Taraji P. Henson, asks the boy to pick out the teacher. He points to her and says: 'She is right over there, looking all fine' Daly goes on to say the affair felt like 'Disneyland' and admitted he gave 'thousands of high fives' when classmates found out about the relationship. At the end of the scene, the witness
Lindsey Vonn made another appearance in Augusta on Thursday to cheer on her golfer boyfriend Tiger Woods. Woods' children weren't around this time, though. And without them, Vonn looked less like the beautiful stepmom and more like a girlfriend concerned for her struggling beau. Vonn's sympathy should come as no surprise, not only because she is girlfriend. She's also come roaring back from her own terrible injuries.
Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E during the 2006 World Cup. Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views.
Daily Mail Online spoke to students at Kirkwood Community College's regional center in Jones County, where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event. Of the ten students interviewed in the school's public lounge, only two would speak kindly of Mrs. Clinton. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted student Hallie Corum in between classes. 'What else is she supposed to do?' Clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip Sunday in her home town of Chappaqua, New York, and headed to Iowa  where the nation's first primary caucuses will
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon. Police said no foul play was suspected in the deaths. Relatives identified the children as boys Cameron Todd, 13, and Zycheim Todd, 7; and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6. Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed to Delmarva Now that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home. He was abandoned and has taken refuge at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex. Huskies have become increasingly popular due to shows such as Game of Thrones. There are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways. But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits and an end to whips in horse racing.
Jack Rowe was found face down in his family's pool in Upavon, Wiltshire. The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard. Coroner Dr Clare Balysz said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened. She called for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to Geldeston, Norfolk, in 2005. Their first dog, Ruby, kept escaping from their garden and killing birds. They got two more dogs, Lily and Marley, in 2013 but they kept escaping. They tried to put up fences and block holes to stop the dogs leaving their garden. But they kept digging holes to get out of fences and into farmer's land. In August 2014, the Tuttle family were on holiday when they were told their two dogs had been shot dead by John Cook. Mr Cook said the dogs had broken into one of his game pens and slaughtered his birds
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2. The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. The words 'Star Wars', in the movie's distinctive font, adorn the body of the plane. News of the aircraft comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer for Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
20-month-old Prince George is cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm. Teasers for ITV's new puppet show show show the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge worrying that their son has turned out a little 'common' Newzoids starts Wednesday at 9pm and kicks off by making fun of the Royal Family.
The researcher, Chris Roberts, attempted to board a United flight from Colorado to San Francisco to speak at a major security conference this week. But he was stopped by the airline's corporate security at the gate. United made the decision not to allow Roberts to fly on United 'because he had made public statements about having manipulated airfare equipment and aircraft systems' In a previous Tweet, Roberts speculates on whether he should give the command to drop a 737's oxygen masks. In recent weeks, Roberts has discussed airline system vulnerabilities.
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, figures reveal. 84 per cent of donations came from just three trade unions. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching Labours reliance on the union's militant boss Len McCluskey. Conservative donations totalled just over £500,000 in the first week.
A video posted on social media site Vine shows the unidentified college student facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking. The officers challenge her to a game of Rock Paper Scissors, which she wins. The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left completely speechless with relief.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. Stover was arrested on rape charges in 1992 in Southampton for raping and sodomizing a 42-year-old stranger after overpowering and threatening her with a sharp object. He served an addition two-and-a-half years for another crime and was released in July 2012.
One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising. They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys, which eventually build up into a solid lump. They can be excruciatingly painful - on a level, say experts, with childbirth. Emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up by 136 per cent.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, contended Federal Bureau of. Investigation agents really want to see what Gentile knows about the theft of $500million in artwork from Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum 25 years ago. 'The FBI has been questioning him for years because they. think he knows the whereabouts of the Gardner paintings,' McGuigan said.
Emma Walker became obsessed with achieving the 'perfect body' Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone. The 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling. Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, she is sharing her story to help others.
Cao Yu, 22, confronted the man in a public square in Guizhou province. The thug, in his twenties, stabbed her in the shoulder with a 60 centimetre-long knife. She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the machete, sustaining further wounds to both hands.
William Snyder, 34, has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of his wife's body. Kelley Jo Snyder was last seen alive on Easter Sunday. Police say that Snyder has admitted moving the body from their home and also having fabricated a ransom note. Snyder is currently in the Clinton County Correctional Facility on $500,000 bail.
Thief entered a branch of Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire. He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over money. The man, whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages, then fled. Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. It was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother, Christopher, who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses, which helped put his life back into perspective. Now, the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards - to raise awareness of mental illness.
Byron Schlenker, 47, from Syracuse, New York, has the world's widest tongue. His buds measure a whopping 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat. His daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue.
Hampshire police spent £12,712.97 in overtime over six days. A further £1406 was spent on accommodation, flights and travel and parking. £213 on food and subsistence and £900 on hiring experts to report. Ashya's grandmother Patricia King, 77, said: 'It's disgusting to spend all that money'
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. She told doctors she believed she was in labour and they were prepared to operate. But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all. Instead, she was carrying a 11lbs (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the tumour. She was then transferred to intensive care - and doctors say she will recover.
Gaioz Nigalidze, the current Georgian champion, was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament. He was found using his smartphone in the middle of a match. Tournament organisers found the phone in a cubicle, covered in toilet paper. He could now face a maximum 15-year ban from the game.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Murray married long-term girlfriend Kim Sears today. Mr Jack, a father-of-three, collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of Andy Murrays wedding yesterday. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon sent her condolences to Mr Jack's family.
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors. The once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors. Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the creepy location, which is reported to be jinxed by an ancient curse, to document the extent of the site's ongoing dereliction.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! It has one of the most scenic ports in Greece. Wooded hillsides are punctuated with white walls topped by terracotta-tiled roofs. A ruined Venetian fortress and dozens of chapels make you feel that this is a spiritual retreat.
Jim Ratcliffe, founder and chairman of chemical company Ineos, has applied to planning officials in the New Forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut. The 62-year-old businessman claims that the new house, if built, will be his only UK residence. The high-tech planned mansion will be virtually 'carbon-zero' and uses renewable energy.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits.
The Lowenbrau Keller has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins. The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel', sparking outrage from Collective Shout, who claim the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification. The restaurant responded to the claims and said that the advertisements were meant as 'fun play-on words'
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to a string of offences in Arizona. He is accused of shooting dead one man and injuring five others in Phoenix. Police launched a massive manhunt, locking down a school and college. Giroux is reported to be a member of the Hammerskin Nation, a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the Aryan Brotherhood.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter, cleared 46-year-old Officer Dante Servin in the March 2012 shooting death of Rekia Boyd, 22. He asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom, fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response. The victim's brother Martinez Sutton then screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!'
Teresa Sheldon, 38, from Dartford, Kent, has appeared in court charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire. Another child who was in the silver-coloured car managed to escape and survived.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved. The toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last April. After months of intensive treatment, including 12 rounds of brain surgery, 20 chemotherapy treatments, and 20 radiation therapy sessions, it became clear there was little more doctors could do. She died on January 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine. Her family's main hope is that one day, science will have progressed enough to restore her life.
A documentary filmmaker is currently working on a film about Yelp, which she says will unveil shady advertising practices at the company. Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses. While she hasn't finished the documentary yet, Milliken tells Daily Mail Online her research so far has indicated Yelp's advertising structure appears to punish businesses that choose not to advertise on the site. 'After they decline advertising services from Yelp they feel like their good reviews get filtered out and their negative reviews come to the front,' Milliken says.
A sheriff's department in Florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men. The brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack in Panama City Beach that was witnessed by hundreds of people who failed to intervene. So far, authorities have arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting the girl. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the '
A worrying new trend is sweeping social media, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell. In many cases, the after-effects are said to last for hours, even days. The craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. The health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis A virus. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted potentially deadly Hepatitis A. The product contains strawberries, raspberries and blackberries from China and blueberries from Chile. Patties Foods remains guided by the health department's epidemiology, with the 1kg product remaining off supermarket shelves.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The doctors sent the letter to Lee Goldman, the dean of Columbia's Faculties of Health Sciences and Medicine. Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter.
Islamic State group claimed credit on Saturday for a bombing near the US consulate in Iraq's autonomous Kurdish region. The US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees. An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled the jihadists on multiple fronts.
Riley Filmer, 14, turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at McClelland College, in Melbourne's south-east. She was taken to the school's office, where she was offered a pair of shoes from lost property, and remained until the end of the day. The school's policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)', which Ms Parker said her daughter's shoes comply to. The Year Eight student was prevented from attending her classes for the day, and has not been allowed back into the classroom since.
Two-thirds of new UK fathers are now over 30, and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring. Whereas the menopause marks the end of reproduction, men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives. However, the quality declines and, according to the new research from doctors at the Centre for Reproductive Medicine, Baylor College of Medicine, Texas, could have implications for the next generation.
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines because they are'safe' Dr Uzma Ali was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over.
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal were travelling through the Kruger National Park in South Africa. They spotted two male lions trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo. After a few moments the buffalo managed to escape the lions' clutches, but headed straight for the road instead before running into the side of their car. A fully grown buffalo can weigh up to 1,750lbs - about half the weight of a VW Golf.
Daniel Weness, of LeRoy, reported on Tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn. The canister was worth about $500, and the vial of semen were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece. The theft happened sometime between April 1 and 7.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, posted a photo of his son Carter's open-heart surgery scars to his Facebook account last week. The photo has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11. Carter, who has a congenital heart defect, has had five open heart surgeries since he was born.
Joseph Koetters, a former English teacher at Marlborough School, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her. The lawsuit alleges that when he was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year. The woman who filed the civil lawsuit is the same one mentioned in the criminal case, her attorney David M. Ring told the Los Angeles Times. Other students came forward after Mikaela Gilbert-Lurie wrote an online essay about her experiences at
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the annual ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. Sam should now be eligible for the $30,000 grand prize of a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip to Hawaii this November, but is too young. With a few minor exceptions, Sam picked a remarkably accurate bracket who was, including 100percent correct from the Elite Eight onward. He only had two teams wrong in the Sweet 16.
Britain's biggest grocer operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft. New chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image. Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month. A similar plane can cost up to £67,000 to charter.
The driver, Sam Smith, begins filming with the tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him. It's an apocalyptic sight - and Mr Smith feels trapped, because he can't make out which direction it's moving in so doesn't know how to escape. Fortunately the tornado passes leaving Mr Smith unharmed and his truck intact. Mr Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday when the harrowing encounter took place.
Langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the Andaman Sea, 20 miles off the coast of Malaysia. The Datai Hotel and Resort is in the north west of the island. Designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay - a white sandy crescent beach voted one of the ten most beautiful in the world.
Mark Carney was spotted jogging in Londons Hyde Park. He was wearing a high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. The keen runner is training for the London Marathon later this month. The belt is available for $64.95 (£35) at Canadian sports retailer Kintec.
Ayyan Ali has been in jail since March 14 when she was caught with over $500,000 in her carry-on bag in Islamabad airport. She was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $10,000 cash limit out of the country. She has been housed in Adiala which is the central prison of the garrison city Rawalpindi. Her lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months for historic sexual abuse of two girls. Father-of-four abused the girls when they were just five-years-old. Admitted nine charges of indecent assault at Guernsey's Royal Court. Judge branded case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed the frail man.
Fugitive admitted only 'evaluating' the files stolen from GCHQ and the US National Security Agency. Former US spy also acknowledged there had been a f***-up when newspapers that were handed the classified material failed to redact sensitive details exposing operations against Al Qaeda.
The crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of available GP appointments. Weekend opening hours for GPs has been touted as one solution. Since the summer of 2013, a number of GP surgeries in London have been piloting seven-day opening, as part of the Challenge Fund initiative. We found an eight per cent drop in A/E attendances among patients of the pilot surgeries compared to the control group.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation at Charleston County Jail for fear prisoners will try to kill him. His wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him on Friday. On Tuesday, Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott last weekend. Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. When Scott fled - allegedly fearing reprimand for not paying child
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding will star in four episodes of Coronation Street. Denise Van Outen will play Max Branning's new love interest, Carin Smart. Patsy Kensit made a huge success of her stint in Emmerdale, playing superbitch Sadie King. Michelle Collins left EastEnders in 1998 after a decade of stage and screen.
Engineers at the Shadow Robot Company spent almost 18 years developing the hands, which are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. Device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen, priced at around £10,000 ($14,000), which includes an oven, hob, dishwasher and sink.
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington. The program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT. The announcement was made on the company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith. Smith has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. The attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname Freddy after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer. He was jailed for 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren, the murder of crime boss Zafer
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers from the attack.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to kill Damian Vanya, 15. She asked a friend to find someone willing to torture and kill him. But police set up a sting operation, sending an undercover officer to meet her. Secret camera filmed Simonova ordering the hit on her ex-lover. She said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she 'finished' him. Simonova was arrested by armed police in her car and charged with attempted murder.
Princess Eugenie, 25, was spotted in New York on Thursday. Wore a black and cream miniskirt from Topshop and Chelsea boots. Recently celebrated her 25th birthday at St Jamess Palace. Her father, Prince Andrew, used his iPad to video call his daughter.
Tory London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate UK government. He likened it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse' or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery. SNP leader vows to use surge in support for her party to dictate direction of UK. Calls for an end to austerity, rising benefits payments and abolition of Trident.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel on Friday. Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TVs Inspector Morse. Seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Kit Harington said Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' The 28-year-old Londoner appeared on a late-night chat show to promote the HBO series' return to TV screens. Northern Ireland is a principal filming location for Game of Thrones, which has a studio in Belfast. Tourism bosses have leveraged the shows popularity to draw visitors.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia when she was 13. She would hide food down the side of her bed and only eat one piece of fruit a day. Her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she suddenly collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care. After spending a week on a heart monitor at North Tyneside General Hospital, Laura was finally offered support from eating disorder organisations as she began her recovery. She has spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan at the Arcadia Palms in Las Vegas when one of them unintentionally set a fire inside. Two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help. The other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected.
Clinton was in a secret meeting with state Democratic Party officials in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Secret Service agents parked Clinton's campaign van in a handicapped spot while she was in the meeting. The Secret Service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries. Clinton has round-the-clock protection, including a van chauffeur, because she is the wife of a former U.S. president, Bill Clinton.
Italian model Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca Film Center office in Manhattan on March 27. The Manhattan District Attorney's office investigated the Italian model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein. The 63-year-old could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months. As a journalist and an activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa. She said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native South Africa: The deepest and most abiding forms of racism in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. 'I think the racist element [in Australia] lies in the difficulty in grappling with past and present. There is a reluctance to admit and accept that this country,
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel. Shows how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. Clip has now received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago. By the 14th stroke baby Seth has stopped fidgeting and has completely drifted off.
Sevdet Ramadan Besim, 18, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The men were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23. The second teenager is still being interviewed by police who plan to charge him with a number of offences related to preparing for and planning terrorist acts and possessing prohibited items. A total of
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment promptly The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
The 20lb lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born lamb. It took a team of three helpers to deliver the young lamb near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. The farm hopes to keep Ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock.
Brontosaurus was one of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth. But for more than a century scientists believed it never existed. Instead of belonging to the genus, or species 'family' Brontosaurus, they said it should in fact have been classified as 'Apatosaurus' Now new research has shown that it is, after all, sufficiently different from Apatosaurus to deserve its own genus name. Scientists from the UK and Portugal looked at 477 anatomical landmarks across 81 individual dinosaurs.
Malcolm Brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. He believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than previously thought. He is now pursuing the manufacturers of the vaccine, Sanofi Pasteur, to admit liability for what happened to him.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others. The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next Tuesday. 'Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any related events or gatherings,' Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District Court in Boston, describing the sentencing phase as'sensitive'
Clinical trials show olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control. The drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations, the defect that led to actress Angelina Jolie having her ovaries removed. New exciting new research suggests the drug could also help men with genetic faults within their prostate cancer tumours. Up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects.
HBO's hit series, Game of Thrones, is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series. The programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world - including Croatia, Iceland and the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland. To celebrate the fifth series, travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern Spain.
Miliband superimposed over London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' Other images show Scottish National Party leader Nicola Sturgeon posing with a rather sceptical face. Prime Minister David Cameron and his deputy Nick Clegg were superimposed. over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb, two men from Brighton who appear on Channel 4 series Gogglebox.
Jordan Speith is in prime position to win the Masters, maintaining the lead during the final round at Augusta. The 21-year-old has begun the last day of the hallowed tournament after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing, and will be looking to avoid the disappointment of last year, when he finished runner-up. Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard. But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson are still posing a threat.
Corporation bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers. They are promoting digital services in a bid to tackle the problem. Matthew Postgate, the BBC's chief technology officer, said the corporation needs to remain'relevant' to a new generation of viewers. He added that traditional media groups would have to 'learn lessons'
The monarch, 88, was spotted trotting through Windsor Great Park on her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves. Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four.
SNP leader refuses to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years. Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance to decided on the future of the 300-year-old Union. In September's vote, 55 per cent of Scots backed the idea of remaining in the United Kingdom. But in a series of TV election debates, Ms Sturgeon has shifted her position.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa. 'All my grandparents, you know, came over here,' she said during a small business roundtable event, 'and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and worked there until he retired at 65'
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in Cotswolds. Hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch Clarkson oversee the auction. It was his first public appearance since he was sacked from BBC for allegedly assaulting a producer in now infamous row over a steak supper in a Yorkshire hotel.
Pierre Fulton was in the passenger seat when Officer Michael Slager pulled them over for a broken tail light. When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes watching in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die' His words came as audio surfaced of Officer Slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting. Slager, 33, can be heard chuckling nervously while talking with a senior officer.
Hodor, a character in Game of Thrones, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again. He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School. In 1861, a French physician called Dr Broca found a particular part of the brain is involved in language. Damage to Broca's area causes language problems.
Edward Snowden is being exploited under a deal he made with the Russians to guarantee him asylum, a leading spy analyst has claimed. Mr Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US, Andrei Soldatov said. He accused the former US spy of not being 'transparent' about his arrangements with the Russian authorities.
The rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice, the more emerald they appear. The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky. They were captured by local guide and photographer Denis Budkov. He trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes.
The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated Terra Nova Expedition of 1912. Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and his polar party. The images also show the team of husky dogs used for part of the expedition.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, has amassed more than 3,000 followers on Twitter. In many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances, with captions such as 'High Life' Tweets include the phrases, 'I need a bad b****', 'f*** da police', and 'gang sh** n****' He has prompted a wave of critics calling his stunts'sad'
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan - who is deaf. But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, Miss Grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark.
Kylie, 17, is the youngest member of the Kardashian-Jenner clan. Her style is considered the edgiest of all her family. Recently hinted that she had her nipples pierced in a post on Snapchat. Kim, Kourtney and Khloe embrace the polished body-con look, while Kylie embraces the grungy look.
Bezos was spotted at the popular tourist spot, Campo de' Fiori, in central Rome on Tuesday as he enjoyed a spring break. The 51-year-old, who is worth $34.7billion, blended in with tourists but was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard. The Internet mogul was not accompanied by wife of 22 years, MacKenzie.
Tourists are being invited to book a trip to Russia and sleep in the natural habitat of the Siberian tiger. Bespoke tour operators Natural World Safaris is offering the rare trip which also gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat. The trip to Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk lasts seven days in total.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013. The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair. But the order was never entered into any state or federal criminal databases because of a flawed reporting system between tribes and outside
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. Police are investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983. It bans Election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment to win votes. Mr Norman described the allegations as 'nonsense' and said he gave out muffins.
Students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent a year studying a different classic book for their AS-level exam. The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text. School, whose alumni includes Will Young, Rory Bremner and Made in Chelsea's Caggie Dunlop, has apologised for the error.
The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady's bid to become the nation's first female president. The group, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, said: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record'
Two prototypes of the CYG-11 seaplane were tested over the sea off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane. The vehicles takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-in-ground effect - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft's wings are close to the ground. Engineers behind the project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel.
The quartet were all present at Citi Field in Queens to watch the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies. Broadway star Matthew Broderick was also present as the South African comedian came to grips with that most American of pasttimes. Earlier Noah and Seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for Seinfeld's acclaimed Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee online series.
Cambridge-educated Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust after claims about the affair came to light last month. He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two academy schools in Kent. The former pupil, who cannot be named for legal reasons, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school and starting at a London university. The woman, who is now 18, described herself as a mummy-to-be on one social media page and posted online a picture of the three-month scan.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation. But the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on Tuesday evening took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name. The protesters rallied site of Gray's arrest
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, their daughter Zoha, seven, and their three sons Essa, four, Zakariva, two, and Yahya, one, were all caught on camera on a cross-Channel ferry. They left their home in Slough, Berkshire, without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members, police said. But radical preacher Anjem Choudary said yesterday Malik was a member of the banned group Al-Muhajiroun and a 'champion for sharia' Neighbours said the family were known to police and had
Cheryl Heineman, 45, a third-grade teacher from Florida, is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover, Jack Lindsey. The married mother of three was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee. Lindsey is also facing multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. The arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early March after an informant tipped off police.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday. He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww!' The woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another fellow passenger, was removed from the flight.
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like James Alexandrou, 30, an actor best known for his role as Martin Fowler in Eastenders. Letitia Dean, 47, who bears a sisterly resemblance to Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy, 29, and Linda Henry, 52, who memorably played Shirley Carter. Other unlikely double acts include TV hard man Ross Kemp, 50, who looks strikingly similar to Hollywood hard man Bruce Willis.
The 68-year-old told Town & Country Magazine that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning. He added that becoming a grandparent to his daughter Chelsea's six-month-old daughter Charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality which once helped to propel him to victory. Mrs Clinton is widely expected to launch a bid within the next two weeks.
SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival' The booster appears to have landed but Elon Musk said that 'excess lateral velocity' caused it to tip over. SpaceX said it will post a video in the next few days, but images tweeted by Musk reveal that the booster landed successfully.
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues. I Am Jazz is a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender. Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. In the wake of Hannity contacting the school asking for clarity, officals have now apologized.
The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day, as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. They now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged. The vague charge of 'provoking trouble' has been increasingly used by Chinese police under President Xi Jinping to detain and jail protesters from holding small-scale demonstrations.
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's Bab al-Aziziya palace in Tripoli was once a symbol of fear and terror to Libyans. The fortress-like compound was hit in a 1986 US air strike before being pounded by NATO four years ago. Rebels hastily bulldozed much of the compound when they captured it in August 2011. Plans to turn the site into a national park have never materialised. Now traders have converted the grounds into a marketplace to sell birds and dogs.
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago. In one theory, a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said that the impact of Theia with Earth was so violent, the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon. This is known as the giant impact hypothesis. The other studies, though, disagree. Scientists at the Israel Institute of Technology and the Southwest Research Institute in Colorado said that Theia actually had a similar composition to Earth. They examined the tungsten isotopic composition of two moon
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be depriving more families of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Lizzie Cochran, a student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs. The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio, muscle cells and rabies. The patterns will also be available for printing on iPhone cases after the company reaches its $15,000 goal.
The FBI made at least six arrests in Minneapolis and San Diego following a joint terrorism task force operation. Three men who were arrested in the Twin Cities were already known to authorities, according to reports. The three men were stopped from boarding a plane to Istanbul with Hamza Ahmed, 19, at JFK Airport after riding on a Greyhound bus with him from Minneapolis to New York.
Poland said it is demanding a formal apology from the U.S. over the comments made by FBI director James Comey. Comey's April 16 opinion piece in the Washington Post stated that Poland played a role in Nazi Germany's genocide of six million European Jews in the Holocaust. US Ambassador Stephen Mull met with the Polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments.
JNCO, the brand responsible for the huge wideleg 'rave' jeans, is set to make a comeback. The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past. Femail rounds up the worst offenders.
Bereaved families say the report is being dragged out so figures like Tony Blair can rebut its findings. Publication of Sir John Chilcot's inquiry had already been pushed back until after the election. Yesterday it emerged it is unlikely to be published until next year at the earliest.
Threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport. Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320. Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport. A total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew members.
The clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie. At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero. Then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash. Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said. The driver was headed to Key West, Florida, but dropped him off in Daytona Beach, where he was found sleeping on the beach on Tuesday morning. When officers approached him, he pulled the knife but dropped it when an officer drew his gun, the police report said. He is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where
The six were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego and are scheduled to make initial appearances in federal court on Monday. They are the latest people from Minnesota to be charged in an investigation stretching back months into the recruitment of Westerners by IS. Authorities said earlier that a handful of Minnesota residents have traveled to Syria to fight with militants in the past year, and at least one has died.
Lorna McCarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death. She sent a series of messages to friends and family on September 27. She urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day. Barry McCarthy, 51, stabbed her 13 times in the heart after an argument. He handed himself into police, telling them he had killed his wife. McCarthy pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of diminished responsibility. But a jury today found him guilty of murder following a eight-day trial.
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London. They become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Tragically, although for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive the radical procedure.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier, described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida, early on Sunday. He steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the West Lawn of the US Capitol on Wednesday, April 15, 2015.
Four tourists are filmed catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand. They then drag the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature. As it is legal to fish for sharks in the country, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures. New Zealanders even compete in big game finishing tournaments.
Alix Bussey, 23, from Durham was hit by a car and died on holiday in Mexico. She was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in the resort of Riviera Maya. It was their first trip abroad together and just hours earlier she had texted she was having 'best time ever' She was a teacher at Bowburn Infants School, Bowburn, County Durham, and had studied at Northumbria University.
Coleen, 28, and Nadine, 29, have joined forces with Cancer Research. Dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses, the woman echo a hippy spirit. Money raised goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women.
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided. Lolita Grayson had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990. Alan Grayson's attorney said they were close to reaching a settlement.
There are 650 seats up for grabs on May 7, with Labour and the Tories needing more than half to secure a majority. Electoral Reform Society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now, based on current polls and how safe they were in 2010. Some parts of the country are more likely to play a role in deciding the outcome of the election than others.
The Prevention of Terrorism Act was passed in the capital Kuala Lumpur. It allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. But it also allows for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. Bill effectively reintroduces prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia. Prime Minister Najib Razak originally repealed the law in 2012.
Three's Feel at Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the United States, Asia and the Middle East. Customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost to their UK price plans. But to call or text non-UK numbers, you will be charged extra, at roaming rates.
UK workforce is at another record high with 31 million people in work. The figure is up from 29million in spring 2010, before the Tories and Lib Dems went into coalition. At the same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February, the lowest for almost seven years. David Cameron warns recovery would be put at risk by a Labour-SNP'stitch-up' after the election on May 7.
Babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. Parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess, due later this month, will have to register the birth of their child on The Royal Mint's Facebook page to receive the commemorative gift. The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March.
Ahmed Shaheed, a freelance rebel fighter from Sydney, has bought a tiger cub. The 28-year-old posted a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account. The extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become Shaheed's pet. The news comes just a month after the Aussie fighter revealed on social media that he was looking to buy an exotic pet to keep him company.
Sam Pearce, 24, is an eighth-grade English teacher in Brooklyn, New York. A few months after landing the job, the six-foot, green-eyed Brown University graduate was 'discovered' on the subway by another model. Mr. Pearce signed a modelling contract with RED NYC and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in London and Milan. He also managed to fit walking in New York Fashion Week this February into his teaching schedule.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. It even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send. Google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply Google it. The Californian firm announced the tool on its Google+ page.
Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney, including a young man who spent the night behind bars after he was found with almost 450 MDMA pills. More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' at the Sydney Showground in Homebush from 10pm on Saturday night until 6am the next morning. Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue. According to NSW Police, a 22-year-old Marrickville man was found in possession of 441 MDMA tablets. He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta
Aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria, with tray tables, seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board. Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon, which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. When the plane is parked and empty, the device, which is the size of a drinks cart, patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself.
Former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009. He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home in December 2013. Last October he took a formal leave of absence from Parliament, allowing him to resume his duties after giving three months notice. New rules came into effect last May provide a way for peers to retire permanently while keeping titles and certain perks.
Starting a plane is a little more complicated than starting a car, said Captain Piers Applegarth, a representative of the British Airline Pilots Association. If meals are provided by the airline, pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers in economy. Like passengers, the flight crew can bring their own food on board, but the meals provided to them are the same or variations.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have been analyzing the Molalla Log Cabin for seven years. They believe the structure could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. The way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period. Olson and Hayden are currently trying to find a permanent place to house the cabin.
Jesse Kidder was in a patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox in New Richmond. Wilcox, 27, allegedly gunned down Kidder's fiance and best friend. Kidder had been warned by dispatchers that Wilcox might try'suicide by cop' Wilcox ran at Kidder and asked him to shoot him, but he refused. Eventually the suspect surrendered and lay on the ground with his hands outstretched.
Dr Sally Norton reveals which fruits and seeds are worth adding to your shopping basket. Tart cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and are anti-inflammatory. Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats. Pumpkin seeds are thought to help a person sleep, improve their mood and boost eyesight.
Survey of 15,560 GPs by the British Medical Association found 63% were opposed to forming networks with other surgeries to open seven days a week. Just 2% were in favour, while the remainder didn't know. Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the Prime Ministers Challenge Fund.
Chipworks site has posted amazing image revealing the internals of the firm's Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th. Samsung is not only using its own Exynos mobile processor, as had been widely reported, but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business.
Secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber which dropped the bomb. Captain Robert Lewis wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts: 'My God, what have we done? How many did we kill? 'I am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible,' he wrote. Collection also includes a hand-drawn diagram, the pilot of the plane that bombed Hiroshima was told to arrive at 30,000ft.
Sharon Winters, 39, was looking for her soulmate when she met Kevin Hawke. But less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a brutal knife attack. Now her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since his sister's murder, to warn other women to be careful when looking for love online. He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature'
Aaron Hernandez has been moved to maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley, Massachusetts. He is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. Hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. Sources said the brute, found guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd, was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was shot dead.
Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province, China, was under threat of demolition. It is situated in the path of a road expansion project and was to be demolished. But hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building - and employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the building. The large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and requires more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily 'walk' possible.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon, according to police. He demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service, police said. The 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm him down, when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man, according to another manager Joseph Verdi. He then allegedly grabbed the manager's neck and slammed him against the bar. As the manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street. Demat
Furious 7 maintained first place for the third weekend in a row with an estimated $29.1 million, according to box office tracker Rentrak on Sunday. This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder affecting 1 in 20,000 which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. She was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. Undescended testes were also removed from her abdomen to prevent them from developing cancer; although some doctors now think affected children can be monitored instead. She now uses the first name 'Pidgeon,' doesn't identify as female or male and works as
Sophia Adams, 21, has won Curvy Kate's 'Star in a Bra' competition. Beat 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract with Bridge Models. Will star in Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean. Has a 32JJ bust and wants to encourage other women to appreciate their bodies.
Transavia France is offering cheap flights with packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops. Customers who buy one of the products before the #SnackHolidays promotion ends on April 21 will find a voucher code that can be redeemed online for a discounted flight. The products are being sold at participating Carrefour City shops, in vending machines at two Paris metro stations, and at an Mk2 cinema in Paris.
Ukip leader says it is a'reasonable proposition' to charge drunks who turn up at A&E more than once after drinking. Admits he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' as polls suggest support for Ukip is on the slide. Wants Ukip supporters to use their vote 'as wisely as they can' to secure EU referendum.
Eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and ward off bugs like E.coli. Scientists from the University of Maryland found flour made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria more commonly associated with yoghurt drinks. The friendly bacteria out-competes the harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls and by producing antimicrobial substances.
OToole, the star of 1962 classic film Lawrence of Arabia, can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members. Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades. It features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside O'Toole.
The woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) But that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two. Ms Zhu proudly posts pictures of them snuggled up in bed together. Her husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop. Sunshine Hats have designed a two-in-one product: stylish hats with UPF50+. Pocket Wellies are essentially wellies you can carry in your pocket or bag.
Listening to the right sort of music can enhance flavours in certain food and drink, researchers have found. The intensity of Nessun Dorma, performed by Luciano Pavarotti, is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. The high-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters. He said the show 'wouldn't work' if there was racial diversity among its cast.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. From a boat parked between two cars by someone who 'knew what was coming' to a man making the most of the wind by using his umbrella as a sail. Snapchat's Sydney story - a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day - also shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs. Currently there are severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan, Mid North Coast, Hunter and Illawarra.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is expected to apologize for an article she wrote for Rolling Stone magazine about campus rape. The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched Rolling Stone investigation at 8pm on Sunday. Following that, sources tell CNN that Erdely will release an apologetic statement and Rolling Stone will take the story down from their website.
Joseph O'Riordan was sitting on Polegate Town Council in East Sussex. He grew suspicious his wife, Amanda, 47, was having an alleged affair. The 73-year-old hired a private investigator to follow her and discovered she was in a relationship with a man named in court as Nicholas Gunn. Mr Gunn had been the postman in the couple's neighbourhood before moving away from the area. Brighton Magistrates' Court heard they agreed to stay together but he later attacked her.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. Police removed the body, believed to be that of Anna Ragin, from the property in the Richmond area of San Francisco. With seven bedrooms and two bathrooms, the single-story property has the structure of a valuable home.
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband, Robert Ellis, at their home in Bali last October. His body, with wrists and feet bound, was found wrapped in plastic, dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village. The Balinese national, who has two sons with her late husband, was arrested along with seven other people, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids. Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder, which her two sons, Peter and
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. This week, Colby had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation. His mother Aimee said: 'Seeing Colby come out without the birthmark is the best thing ever'
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Plant geneticists say their finding could also lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. Chocolate with altered melting points may find new uses in specialty chocolates, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. World Cocoa Foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons, valued at $11.8 billion (£7.9 billion)
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy. She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. Her mother Heather said her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child, named Aroura. Jenny-Lee's elder daughter Chelsie, who was only 10 when her mother died in August 2009, also defended her mother.
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later. Animal officials had high hopes for the bird's recovery because it seemed in otherwise good health and the arrow had missed all its vital organs. The cause of the birds injuries are unknown but officials believe it was the victim of animal cruelty.
24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices, including when they were at school. Nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Overall Facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
David Serbeck, 42, was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor in March 2012 and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007. The illicit affair came to an abrupt end when a friend discovered nude pictures on the teen's phone and told her parents. Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in Cleveleys. They pulled out a'realistic looking' handgun and pointed it at the family. When they refused to hand over cash, the pair threw sweets at them. Munro was jailed for five years at Preston Crown Court on Wednesday. Thompson was sentenced to three years and four months.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the Tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with Europe, including curbing access to benefits. Unemployed EU migrants in Britain will be banned from receiving state support, and would be deported if they do not get a job. For those in work, they would be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits.
The tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money (of course), but also about moral worth. We work because we know we should 'pull our weight' in society's tug-of-war. Joanna Biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety.
Tahlequah police intercepted a package headed to a home in Tulsa County, Oklahoma. When cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs. The intended recipient, Carolyn Ross, has now been arrested by police. Ross confessed to knowing the drugs were in the mail. She said she was supposed to redistribute them to someone else.
Kenneth Stancil, 20, is a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane. Police have issued a warrant for his arrest and have urged the public not to approach him as he is considered extremely dangerous.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to her desktop computer. The device allowed fraudsters to take control of the workstation from outside. The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts over the course of one morning on July 23, 2013. Another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank's losses here stopped at £147,678. Ore admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial this week.
Lyrics of American Pie have been an enigma for more than 40 years. They have been deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds. They are considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century U.S. social history. The lyrics, hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean, were sold at auction in New York this week.
Chester, a 6-year-old Pit Bull mix, had been housed at the North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island. The poor pooch had been living in New York state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way. A picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country. The picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world. On Friday morning, Dana Dor, her husband Adi, and their boys, Aidan and Brandon, headed to meet Chester.
Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to the floor. Court heard he'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near the bottom of a pallet. But social worker grabbed the same one at the same time - and suffered injuries. Judge at Manchester Magistrates' Court has now cleared him of any wrongdoing. Said it was not certain Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not'
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson, one expert claims. The drawing shows a cloaked creature with long, spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character. The Yoda image comes from a 14th century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals, British Library curator Julian Harrison told MailOnline. Its not clear which character Yoda is meant to be in the tale.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose a terrible danger to our honeybees. They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it. Norfolk Beekeepers' Association will hold its Bee Health Seminar at Easton and Otley College on May 23.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australias equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur co-founded software company Atlassian 12 years ago. He is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $12 million to make a stunning 1918 Centennial Park mansion their home. The five-bedroom home also has its own self-contained unit. The property was originally designed by architect Donald Esplin for former lord mayor of Sydney Sir Allen Taylor.
The craft was supposed to be capturing footage of the Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure for a TV show. Following the attack, the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it. 'Like a flash the chimpanzee struck out with the long stick she had held hidden behind her body,' the zoo said.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops. Video also shows teammate Pero Anti being led away from the scene in handcuffs. It happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea, New York. Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. They were charged with obstructing governmental administration.
Gang of criminals broke into the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd over the Easter Bank Holiday weekend. It came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site. Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, John O'Connor, said the Holborn fire and the raid could be linked. The massive fire started last Wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out.
The FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website. The company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions' Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air. The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds.
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana. It captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before suddenly vanishing. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube. Experts believe the cloud was roughly 100 metres in diameter and floated close to a mile in the air.
In 2009, the number of students who managed to get straight As was 15,791. This rose to 16,983 in 2010, 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012. In 2013, the latest year for which figures are available, 20,307 received As. GCSE grades are used by universities to decide who to admit to courses.
Dustin Wayne South died in Louisville, Kentucky, on Wednesday after police were called to a field where South was seen wielding a gun. Officers yelled at South to put down the gun when they arrived on scene, but instead he pointed it at them before turning it on himself. Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal, said Jo-Ann Farmer, chief deputy coroner. He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Video shows the moment a sandstorm sweeps over the city of Soligorsk, Belarus. Within minutes, the storm had blocked out the sun, creating chaos on the streets. The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belorusian border, named a haboob.
The Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) runs from San Francisco to Los Angeles. The road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles. It's only about 350 miles as the crow flies between San Francisco and LA, but this (mostly) coastal route is probably well over 500 miles long.
Sara Martin, 37, was diagnosed with aggressive, inoperable brain cancer in 2010. Her health declined this winter after she underwent a second round of radiation treatment, prompting her relatives to arrange for her to receive hospice care at her home. Soon, she no longer talked. Her sister, Amy Martin, came up with a new way to try to get her sibling to smile, nod, or say something - offer her the opportunity to go to Florida. She told her: 'If you say 'Florida,' I'll get dad to take us' But she added: 'But you've got to tell me.
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, was airlifted to hospital last night. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs in Filey, North Yorkshire. A retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside. She said: 'It happened right at the back of our caravan. We back onto the field and then there is the cliff edge'
Fred Hatch, 76, was battered to death with a claw hammer by his neighbour. His wife Enid, 70, ran out to help what she thought was an injured man. She discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been beaten. The man was in fact Alan Rogers, 73, who had smashed the skull. Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act. He may never be released and was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia.
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home on Monday. Police that he took his two sons to get haircuts on Monday about 1pm, but instead went to a liquor store, where he bought a bottle of gin. The then drove around drinking with the boys in the car, before going home and falling asleep, police say. It wasn't until some time later, police suspect up to two and a half hours, that the boy's mother found him. Police are still investigating
Felix the cat was missing for more than two weeks after he escaped from his crate, which was damaged in transit. The two-year-old grey tabby's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly  apparently while being transferred from the plane  that Felix was able to get out and run away. His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing.
The 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with the 28- year-old hit maker at Coachella on Sunday night. Sources were quick to tell TMZ that Drake liked the kiss, but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look on his face. The Eighties pop star looked confident as she went in for the bold kiss.
Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland say eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. The researchers flashed up digitally manipulated images of an owls face and the owl butterfly to see how great tits reacted. Images of owl eyes caused the birds to be startled, flee and in some cases give off alarm calls. But images of owls without eyes did not produce the same reaction.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February. Rumors started swirling around Jenner's gender identity last year, when he emerged from a Beverly Hills clinic with his Adam's apple shaved down. His behavior over the past year also fueled speculation as he began embracing an increasingly female appearance.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol. She kept her pregnancy secret from her family and friends. Paramedics were called after she was found in the bath with 'a lot of blood' Earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat. She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries. Niki managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact. She gave birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise.
Moose Toys' Cheltenham office comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room. Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice. During lunch or breaks, staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other colleagues, play table tennis or shoot a few hoops outside.
Revlon UK's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade. The ad is filmed entirely in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips. The video was created by agency George Patts Y&R for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand.
Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from the bodies of mummies found in the crypt of a church in the city of Vác in Hungary. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. They say the strains of tuberculosis they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late Roman period.
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in February. They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were put into prison. Families of the three men confirmed they would finally be able to return home and charges of espionage will not be brought.
Chris Brugger has relapsed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma. The 35-year-old is receiving non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his disease. His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was created to help raise the money needed for his treatment as it can't be distributed on the current Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) The Brugger family attended a Senate inquiry on Monday in Canberra.
Police say a gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday after the 78-year-old announced he would be retiring last week. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program. Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010. He said he's 'honored and excited' by the new job.
Beverley Davis tricked 89-year-old Ray Warren into handing over his bank cards. The mother-of-three spent £9,164 on Chinese takeaways, eBay and creche fees. Mr Warren was left too traumatised to leave his home and even stopped going out. He died just five months after her crime was discovered at Portsmouth Crown Court. Davis admitted five charges of fraud and was jailed for 12 months.
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. Complete with two turrets in the rear, each of the elements fold away into a compact structure. The bedroom, which sits in a small raised loft above the front of the truck, features wallpaper made from cut-outs of dozens of old musical songbooks. Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking. The open space also includes a lounge area and dining table, complete with a fold out baby chair for Piko.
SNP leader pledges to form alliances with Greens and Plaid Cymru. Says she would make a decision on an issue-by-issue basis, forcing a Labour minority government to seek SNP support for every single bill. Comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Mr Milibands hopes of achieving an overall majority.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock' David Cameron out of Downing Street. She said the offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the House of Commons. Comments raise prospect of Ed Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats than the Tories.
Abby Swinfield, 18, was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital. Mother-of-one from Castle Donington, in Derbyshire, died a week later. Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs. But her cousin has claimed she didn't take the drug voluntarily, saying her drink was spiked.
David Starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not 'assume the status of victim' The 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence, whereas men were either'very, very bright or very thick' The television presenter also gave his views on the current political class, claiming he did not believe any politician was equipped to be prime minister.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 24, and wife Sam, 48, met on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009. He was just 19 and she was 42 when they married at Babington House in Somerset. The couple now have two children and live in Los Angeles with Sam's daughters Angelica, 17, and Jessie Phoenix, eight. Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
The sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield. Those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000. Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops. A new watchdog is to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the Armed Forces.
Brock Guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern Californian home in the abandoned car. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home. But the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle.
Debenhams, Monsoon and David's Bridal all offer bridal gowns. FEMAIL pitted the best on the high street against the more high-end designs. Can YOU tell which is which? Let us know in the comments below. The average cost of the big day is £25,000.
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at Townsville's Mad Cow Tavern in on December 7 last year. The model is said to have carried out a similar attack on a 25-year old woman in the same nightclub last April. Gosden has appeared in Townsville Magistrates Court to defend charges of common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue.
The seven-car Maglev hit a top speed of 375mph (603 km/h) during a test run near Mount Fuji. It beat last week's speeds of 366mph (590kph), which in turn beat the train's previous record of 361mph (581km/h). The train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway. It hovers four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of seeing Toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago. He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety. Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent, 22 miles away from Wendy's farm in West Hougham.
The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said. Apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company Beats for about $3 billion in May 2014, hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry.
Pensions minister Steve Webb has urged people to not make rash decisions. He said over-55s dont have to rush this and insisted there was a case for waiting and seeing The first 25 per cent of any withdrawals from pensions are tax-free. But savers will have to pay income tax on the remainder.
Adam Leheup, 34, had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old. He told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. University of Greenwich graduate was found not guilty of rape and sexual assault. The self-confessed first date addict spent nearly a year on police bail.
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election. Comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties, as well as health experts and medical professionals. The Mail yesterday revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation.
Legendary French chef has been wining and dining a string of glamorous blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year. The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce  former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna.
A finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. The procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube. Findings from a three-year trial at UCLH reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patients first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment.
Amanda, 42, stars in new campaign for Air Wick Life Scents. Says it is the small touches that make a real difference to a home. Says her favourite fragrance is Summer Delights - it's her 'household hero' Photos were captured by Vogue and GQ photographer Willy Camden.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs, due to the rare condition bilateral tibial hemimelia. At 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done for him and he would need to have his leg amputated. But his family refused to give up and found an American surgeon called Dr Dror Paley, who assured Luca's parents his leg could be saved. Through tireless fundraising, Mr and Mrs Railton managed to raise £135,000 to take their son to the US for surgery. He underwent a series of operations  including one to break his right leg and
Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-0 at the Riverside Stadium on Tuesday night. Jelle Vossen and Patrick Bamford scored the goals for the home side. Aitor Karanka's side now have a 100 per cent record in the Championship. Bamford has now scored more league goals in one season than any other Boro player in the last 25 years.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president himself last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran. The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today' A Senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by Senate Foreign Affairs Chairman Bob Corker that would give Congress a say on a potential deal aimed at keeping Tehran from developing a nuclear weapon.
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra. 'I would have to make over $100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a Stay-At-Home Mom!' he writes. He estimates that the childcare his wife provides is worth $36,660 a year, the annual salary for a full-time nanny.
Anand Iyer worked for fashion site Threadflip, but ditched his job to spend time at home with his two-year-old daughter Ava. He 'felt terrible' about not seeing his little girl, Iyer said, and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past. She proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. The 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to BBCs Andrew Marr Show. She wore a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. BBC stressed that the audience was carefully selected by an process. But Mr Farage said something had gone 'wrong' with the process. Pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become the oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables in the desert. The 71-year-old, who has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003, said the event is 'not set for old geriatrics like me' There were fears he would not finish after the 91km fourth stage, when he ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C.
18-year-old Ryan Heritage posted obnoxious message on Trowbridge police's page. He said: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police. They chased him on foot before finally grabbing him. He was charged with theft and burglary - and failing to answer bail on fraud charges.
Pensioner was travelling in First Class on board the Boeing 777-300 jet. She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing. The flight crew alerted the pilot, who put a call in to the Irish Aviation Authoritys (IAA) North Atlantic Communications Service centre at Ballygirreen in Co Clare.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. The mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued, but had no injuries. Steiner said they were transporting the dogs to his wife's family in Pennsylvania because his father could no longer keep them. The family, who said they had no idea it was illegal to transport animals on top of a moving vehicle, were let go with a warning.
Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels. So if you love the Mulberry Bayswater tote, but wince at the eye-watering price tag, you can pick up a looky-likey from Next. And it's not just designer clothes that the company is expert at emulating. It also does its own versions of high-end homeware that won't break the bank.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. Volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event. But research has found the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic. In particular, they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame.
Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost a leg in 2013 attack. They were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by Tsarnaevs. The men, now in their mid-thirties, received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the Boston Marathon. In response to the news that Mark Wahlberg is teaming up with CBS to make a feature film from the most harrowing day of her life, Norden said: 'I don't think that could ever be re-created'
Hillary Clinton's signature black Chevy conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa on Tuesday. A visually identical GMC van drove up to the building with a nearly identical Secret Service escort vehicle. Both armored vehicles have raised roofs, deep-tinted windows and New York license plates. But while the original van  the one nicknamed 'Scooby' after the Scooby-Doo cartoon show  sports a mustard-yellow New York tag, the second has blue and white plates of a different design.
Wrecks of the James McBride and Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the Great Lake. Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms, fire, and fog causing the destruction of thousands of vessels over the years. The pictures are taken of the shallow waters of the lake off the Leelanau Peninsula near Leland, known as the Manitou Passage. This area alone is home to dozens of shipwrecks, most which were grounded shipping lumber at the turn of the 20th century.
Julie McKenzie, 53, thought scoliosis was the cause of her bad back. But an MRI scan revealed she had a tumour in her coccyx. Back pain is'very often under-investigated', says surgeon Robert Lee. This means treatable conditions such as disc prolapses, osteoporotic fractures, deformity, infection and tumours can be missed.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, is a University of South Carolina student who has built a career on impersonating Taylor Swift. The Charleston, South Carolina, native can also sing, dance, and act just like her lookalike. Elizabeth started to learn to play Taylor's music when she was 15 after classmates told her she looked like the star.
Paula Dunican spent £25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in Canterbury, Kent. But when she took it home to try on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through' Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto the fabric. Asda apologised and offered her a refund and £40 voucher.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin, 58, was refused entry at The Wine Bar in Ipswich. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot. The bemused grandad grinned: 'It's their loss. I wasn't going to tell everyone to go to hell or anything!'
Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the blast. Schultz thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting. Missy ran 2.5 miles from her Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her.
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi. Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTSe-250 index. Philip Aiken, the chairman of construction giant Balfour Beatty, and Dr Tom Enders, boss of Airbus, have also signed the letter.
CCTV footage has captured a woman allegedly stealing a donation box at an RSL club in Melbourne. The woman allegedly grabbed the box of ANZAC badges and money while covering it with her black vest. The incident occurred at the Caulfield RSL in Elsternwick, south-east of Melbourne about 8.00pm on Wednesday. The RSL general manager has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman.
Charles Barnhoorn, 20, took hundreds of canisters of nitrous oxide. He was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Kingsteignton, Devon. Inquest heard that his death was self-inflicted after he died from asphyxiation. His mother Susan has now spoken out about the dangers of 'hippy crack'
Anti-racism protester Jacob King was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear. Mr King, from Melbourne, said he had his arms spread out because he thought the man was going to attack him and his fellow protesters at Federation Square. The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of helping her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, murder her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack at a luxury Bali hotel last August. The pair are awaiting sentencing, with prosecutors having asked for a sentence of 15 years for Mack and 18 for Schaefer. Mack has been keeping her newborn Stella with her in the crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison. The baby was born on March 17 and had to be treated in the jail clinic after developing a high fever and jaundice.
The cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown of Bengaluru. He said: 'I was up early and walking when I spotted the Indian palm squirrel asleep in a tree. As he stirred, he began yawning and he stuck out his little pink tongue'
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am. Officials said the officer's wife made the call, which was listed as a domestic dispute. Local police called in the Charleston County Sheriff's Department, the crisis negotiations team, SWAT, and bomb squads to assume responsibility. Hours later, just before 1pm, a decision was made to enter the home.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area, according to a source. He was holidaying in the French resort of Flaine with his mother Ceri, elder brother Gerwyn, 19, and nine-year-old sister Antonia. Police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events, but they believe the little boy was killed instantly in the fall on Friday.
Domanik Green, 14, allegedly accessed a computer at Paul R. Smith Middle School in Holiday, Florida, without permission by using an administrator's password. The youngster maintains it was an innocent prank. He was arrested on Wednesday and detained at the Land O'Lakes Detention Center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day.
Nicole McDonough, 32, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at Mendham High School. A subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in 'improper relations' with two other male students. On Monday, she applied for Morris County's Pre-Trial Intervention (PTI) program, which provides first-time, non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution. The program requires a probationary period of one to three years and comes with a list of conditions that must be met.
Actor, 63, hanged himself at his home in California in August 2014. Post-mortem examination revealed he had been suffering from Lewy body dementia. undiagnosed illness could have been the root cause of his bizarre behaviour. In 'peculiar' incident, he stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend for safekeeping. He also spent his final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness. Pathologist Dr Richard Shepherd tells Britain's Channel 5 show Autopsy that Williams' online activity suggested he knew 'there was something else wrong with him'
John Truong was babysitting 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday when his sister Alyssa Chang asked him to babysit the boy. She told him the boy was her boyfriend's son and they wanted to go out on a date night. She promised to pick up the boy in the morning, but she never returned and eventually stopped answering her brother's messages. It wasn't until the next day that Truong realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert on online. Truong then called police to report that he was watching the boy, who they found safe, sound an unh
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's American Dream issue. He said he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group The Illuminati. 'I am tired of people pinpointing musicians as the Illuminati. That's ridiculous,' he said. 'We dont run anything; were celebrities'
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire. She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. Police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry. Officers carried out a preliminary search of the area outside the pub earlier this year. Team revisited pub earlier today and dug up the patio but said they found no clues.
Peter Sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in Broadmoor for killing 13 women. Now it has been claimed he will be moved to a low-security Priory unit. A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead. But families of his victims are furious about the move. One said: 'He should not be moved at all. This just rubs salt into the wounds of families'
It is a decade to the day that Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan's lives were changed forever after being arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation. The pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin, taped to the bodies of young mules, on April 17, 2005, and sentenced to death. Since they were refused clemency earlier this year, their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade. Their Melbourne barrister Julian McMahon visited the men last week, and says they are well.
Honza and Claudine Lafond, from Sydney, have taken their passion for yoga all over the world. They have posted photos of themselves striking gravity-defying poses in front of famous landmarks. The couple, who married in 2008, have more than 251,000 followers on Instagram.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings, vases and silverware. The 58-year-old worked for the countess, 87, and helped herself to the riches. The haul included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates. Roberts was working at Cirencester Park in the Cotswolds.
Kylie Gulliver, 29, from Melbourne has launched her own leather brand Elliott Label. The brand is now the hit of Hollywood with stars including Kourtney Kardashian, Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and pop group GRL. Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL, has joined with Kylie as her business partner. The two met in what is fast becoming the 21st century norm - through Instagram. The Elliott Label collection is available on the label's website for US$750.
TOWIE star Bobby Cole Norris was left heartbroken last August. His mother Kym Norris had just one hope for survival - a stem cell transplant. Bobby launched the #savebobbysmum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors. Stars of TOWIE, Made in Chelsea and Geordie Shore rallied behind the #SaveBobbysMum appeal.
Tesco chairman John Allan criticises David Cameron for promise of in-out referendum. He says Tory leader's decision to promise it before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels'means the cart is very firmly before the horse' Mr Allan suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly'
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander pictured with call girl. Brooke Magnanti - also known as Belle de Jour - was at the Nip festival. The two were snapped at Bar One in Inverness on Friday as part of the festival. Comes as David Cameron faced a growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' General Election campaign.
Man, in his 20s, was struck by a Northern line train at Stockwell station. Commuters watched in horror as the man was hit on the head by the train. The station was shut while medics tended to the man who was later taken to hospital. The accident was witnesses by scores of commuters, who told of their horror.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old son Hudson were killed on Monday when a concrete slab fell from a Washington state overpass. The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies. Josh and Vanessa were both youth pastors at the EastPointe FourSquare Church in Bonney Lake.
Duke of York made first public appearance since sex claims were thrown out. Visited offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough as part of work with Outward Bound Trust. Spent 40 minutes in private meeting with UK managing director Matt Pullen. Comes less than five days after claims that Andrew had sex with an under-age teenager were removed from civil court records.
Carol Lloyd was left covered in blood after rocks were thrown at her car. She stopped her car near Jeppestown, close to Johannesburg, after the attack. Around 200 protesters, shouting that they wanted immigrants to leave the country, pelted passing vehicles and the police with rocks. Protests began two weeks ago and six people have been killed. Dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks.
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, is undergoing rhinoplasty in Thailand. The 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on Instagram. She is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers. She has created a hashtag for the event, #Rhian NonGetsRhino. Langley revealed to Daily Mail Australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one, with changes to the shape and length of her nose.
The Clinton Foundation will continue to accept donations from foreign governments despite the risk of a conflict of interest now that its founder is running for the White House. The charity announced on Wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six. The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. Clinton resigned from the foundation's board last week. The foundation's reliance on funding from several Middle East governments that suppress dissent and women's rights sparked criticism.
Poppy Moore, 23, married childhood sweetheart Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office with only 12 loved ones. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses, which poignantly also contained a picture of her father Dean. Poppy was only 18 months old when her famous grandfather died in February, 1993.
The man scaled the grandstand on the start-finish straight before running across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix. He then climbed the pit wall and walked into the Ferrari garage. Waving his entry ticket, it is believed the local man shouted: 'I want a car. I have got a ticket' He was promptly handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit.
Evan Summerfield from Devon had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself but just hours later he was fighting for his life. The youngster had woken from a nap with a rash stretching from his head to his belly-button. When his great-grandmother carried out the 'glass test', she saw that it didn't fade under pressure. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but despite doctors and nurses battling to save him, he died soon after.
Bethany Farrell, 23, from Essex, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. She was a week into her dream gap-year when she died. Two people who were on the boat when Ms Farrell died have taken to TripAdvisor to slam Wings Diving Adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances. A friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted. The backpacker's father is devastated that picture evidence was discarded before police could see it.
Italian artist AleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' The #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015. Palombo says the response has been 'immediate and powerful'
Loganair flight from Aberdeen to Shetland was struck by lightning. autopilot ignored pilot's commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. Pilot wrestled back control just moments before it was about to crash into the icy water. The aircraft landed safely in Aberdeen with only minor damage and no injuries.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday. The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher- who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors. After the hearing was over, a grieving father branded Ware, of Pleasantville, New York, a murderer.
39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone. Her first marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril, followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam, then a second 2001 Marriage to Habibur Rahman. Her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita. Authorities slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in November 2014. She could be sentenced to a total of eight years.
The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East. British amateur photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors. Julian, originally from Brighton, Sussex, but living in the UAE capital for the last four years, is planning an exhibition.
Austin Bird is one of three young Iowans pictured with Clinton at a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa on Tuesday. He says he and two others were asked to meet with Clinton by her Iowa campaign's political director, Troy Prince. Price was executive director of the Iowa Democratic Party until he left last month to help Clinton's statewide effort. The three got the lion's share of Mrs. Clinton's time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a 'roundtable' Bird interned with President Obama's 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October
Despite earning millions of dollars - sometimes tens of millions - former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans. Bankruptcy remained at similar rates even among players who had long, profitable careers in the sport - though it was highest for those who stayed in the league for five years.
Scottish National Party are the most likely to pack speedos on holiday. Green Party supporters are also the least likely to take toiletries home. UKIP supporters are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties, with 90% requiring this as standard. Labour are the least inclined to book a romantic getaway with their partners.
Esther McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436. The employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell. She said she would not be cowered by the'misogynistic and sexist' attacks that she said showed what Labour party really thinks of women.
TOWIE star is the first celebrity to front an Ann Summers campaign. The 29-year-old has been selected for her 'fun, fearless attitude' Jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board. The collection lauches in store and online today.
Adele Sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years. Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home. They sent her a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to $3,500 a month, far more than the retired shopkeeper can afford. The grandmother tried to go through the courts to see if the city's rent regulation laws could help, but it was determined that her apartment wasn't covered. A judge has given her lawyers until April 13 to find
State Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. A proposal put forth by Young which would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the Washington House on Thursday. The idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site. A Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
Group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964. The document related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London. It is not clear whether the band and Savile attended the brothel at the same time. Savile was known to be a regular visitor in the 1970s. The DJ died in 2011 when his secret life became public knowledge.
Army Major John Jackson and his wife Carolyn are on trial for abusing their three foster children over a period of years. The children were left with broken bones and numerous other health problems, a federal prosecutor told a jury at the couple's child abuse trial Monday. The trial marks the second go-round for the Jacksons, whose previous trial last fall ended in a mistrial when a prosecutor inadvertently referred to the fact that one of the children had died. The judge had previously ruled that the boy's death could not be introduced during the trial since the defendants were not charged directly with his death.
Shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and sleeping on display furniture in IKEA stores across China. The problem has got so bad that nappers have taken over more than half of beds and sofas in a Beijing store. One weary woman said she had come into the store especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their 'comfy' beds. But long-suffering staff said the problem has become widespread across the country.
Sandra Garratt, 56, went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain. Last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the 'final straw', according to her husband Steve. On Good Friday, the mother of two left her home in Rowley Regis, West Midlands, after telling her husband she was 'just popping out' But he became anxious for her welfare and he called the police. Hours later her body was found at the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital on March 30. She arrived with a swollen abdomen but left weighing just 34 kilograms. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed. Ms Tabram said her test was put off until April 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken. The West Australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong.
Tim Farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest. Jo Stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering 'intense stress' Mr Stephenson, deputy leader of Cumbria County Council, fell from the three-storey property in Windermere after being vilified over new parking charges. Widow Hilary has angrily accused Mr Farron of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy.
According to the Game of Thrones books, Valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the Valyrians governed Essos. It reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire, known as the 'Doom of Valyria' Ned Stark, played in the HBO adaptation of the books by Sean Bean, had a sword called Ice. In the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society, materials scientist Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar sword. By studying the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of ValYrian steel,
Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of New Yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on St Patrick's Cathedral. Roses, industrial-style black goggles, as well as moving rabbit puppets also featured in the display, which didn't just involve humans. A sizable subsection of dogs also sported elaborate Easter costumes, painstakingly designed by their owners.
The Ohio Department of Heath released birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, found out her birth mother was Francine Simmons on Facebook. She also found out that she has three younger sisters she didn't know about.
Human bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had the flesh cut from them before being chewed and crushed. Researchers found tooth marks on many of the bones, which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992. Findings suggest people living in the late Ice Age indulged in ritual cannibalism as a macabre way to revere their dead kin.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. After three decades of suffering from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures, she learned at the age of 33 that she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. Her neurologist told her she had actually been living with a DRD, noting that most of her symptoms would improve or disappear with a daily dose of
Matt OConnor's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie. Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the 4-3 lead and led to the teams's eventual win. It was the Providence's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it.
A husband has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences including rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. Officers were first called to a Carrington Circuit residence in February where they found the 51-year-old woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony. After charging the man with recklessly cause grievous bodily harm, officers uncovered a lengthy history of ongoing abuse by interviewing the woman. A total of 102 separate incidents were recorded. The man
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day for charges that included manslaughter, attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony. U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency.
Double Falsehood was presented by theatre impresario Lewis Theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a Shakespeare play about a Spanish nobleman's pursuit of two women. His claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century, including from the great poet Alexander Pope. But a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, stabbed his wife Mandy, 47, eight times with a kitchen knife. He is accused of trying to murder her after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman. A close friend told how he had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his wife of ten years.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car carrying two children in February 2014. One of the children later died from their injuries. When told of this after her arrest, Keaton, 24, said; 'Sh*t happens'
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met on Instagram after he liked one of her pictures. The pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the UK's fittest couple. Ali, 26, helped to teach Lydia, 27, how to train hard and eat clean. Both have large followings on Instagram with Lydia boasting 194,000 followers.
A fed up resident of Cammeray, a wealthy North Shore suburb, stuck a note to the windscreen of a car parked near a school. 'Dear Northern Beaches Parasites and car dependent Tragics,' it read. 'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!' The letter created a few laughs among other residents when she posted it to a community Facebook page.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a friend's party and woke up with a hangover. His friend Rob Gaskell, also 24, had tattooed the words 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back, using a DIY kit. Josh, from Mossley, near Ashton, only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror. Amazingly, the prank hasn't harmed the pair's friendship - and they still see each other every day.
According to the hygiene hypothesis, exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life. A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs - meaning that our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, has been charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography in Maryland. The Tbilisi, Georgia, native admitted to trading and receiving child pornography videos earlier this month. An investigation also uncovered videos of the martial arts expert inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio where he was co-owner and instructor. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of the Bethesda resident.
A report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions, of which carbon dioxide plays a large role. The technology has the potential to reduce the emissions of a typical coal-power plant by up to 90 per cent, but there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground.
B2C Data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people. Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients. Both companies sold the records despite not carrying out checks on the Mails bogus cold calling firm. The announcement follows calls  led by David Cameron  for a clampdown on companies found guilty of selling personal data without consent.
PM accused SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' to Britain. He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of deficit. Comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto, 54, allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute, investigators said. He first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal, prosecutors said. 'He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $20,000to have him killed,' Nassau County Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly said. Investigators found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK. He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money. Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde. From Ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from Osborne House. But the nearest station was at Wootton, more than two miles from the property. So, in 1875, a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House  just to serve the Royal residence. Accommodation was built for the stationmaster, as well as waiting rooms with toilets for both ladies and gentlemen. The building is now a five
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. Kramer says it took him 40 years to write his 800 page history book that spans from pre-historic America all the way to the 1950s.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome, was one of 12 students with special needs who got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites. In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision. He does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!' with hugs, laughs and excitement all around.
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome in 2012. The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan desperately wanted to fit in at school. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody. Last August, just a week after going on a school trip as part of the National Citizen Service, the teenager was found hanged in her bedroom.
Google has launched its latest Street View experience that lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. The site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. To collect the images, Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster.
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was seen by a witness on Friday running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. When police arrived on scene, he had put on jeans and a T-shirt and walked toward the officer in an aggressive manner as he called himself God, police said. A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer. The officer then punched Crowder in the face and he fought back, claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with his
Plus-size model Laura Wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for Fashion Week. The size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard'skinnier' models during her stint working in New York. She says their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' 'It's completely unhealthy, not only for their body but mentally as well,' she said. Wells' comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk.
A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000. More than 1,600 pocketed £100,000-£200,000 in 2012/13. Campaigners said the payments were scandalous and unacceptable
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, wed bride Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch's 1,788-room palace in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. The newlyweds' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds, while the bride carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems, rather than flowers. The bride, who worked as a systems data analyst and IT instructor, sported a breathtaking diamond tiara studded with six teardrop-shaped emeralds.
Boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. The longest game between the teams was a 20-inning win by Boston in the second game of a 1967 doubleheader.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident. Cameron's lawyer Dominic Brunello said it was an unplanned and chaotic attack and Cameron panicked. Justice Eric Heenan noted Cameron had a criminal record that was 'virtually without interruption' since he was 10.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints. Gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again. If the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies. Social media users reacted with horror when they first saw the game.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus engage in light-hearted banter on Twitter. Ryanair posts photo of staff in Terminal 2 at Dublin Airport. Aer LingUS responds by saying 'Fly from T2 at @DublinAirport to central locations across Europe. T1 gets you nearly there, we get you really there' Ryanair responds with an affront of its own.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzania's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. Albino youngsters from across East Africa are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers. Body parts of those with albinism are prized in black magic and witchcraft.
Russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January. But she looks anything but in the steamy new video and campaign for Linda Farrow eyewear. Behind-the-scenes film shows stunning Irina slowly emerging from the glistening water. She has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit.
Controversial contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic. It is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. Attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of Russia. Many have to be killed when they encroach into built-up areas looking for food, often with dogs trained to stalk them.
Pamela Clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow in Battle, Sussex. The 92-year-old's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity Age UK to clear it out. Her beloved dog Mitzy was also taken to a local animal sanctuary and later re-homed. After returning to find the house empty, the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family. Age UK has apologised for her ordeal and said it has reviewed its procedures since.
David Cameron says three in five new jobs should be created outside London. Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010. Tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020. Mr Cameron used a speech in Crewer to insist that the economy is the key issue.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and his friend, Mark Titch, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. The two were neighbors at a Stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed 'The Zoo' because of the criminal activity there. Their first victim was Laura Stoughton, 20, who interrupted the pair on Jan. 21, 1977, as they were breaking into her home. They abducted her and drove to an abandoned field, where Titch shot her at close range with a stolen.22-caliber rifle. Three days later, the two killed Eph
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis', Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said. He made the announcement after meeting with Malaysian transport minister Liow Tiong Lai and Chinese transport minister Yang Chuantang on Thursday. 'We're confident we're searching in the right area,' Mr Truss told a press conference. The news came weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the Maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed.
Callum Ryan, 21, will run a marathon in each of Australias eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late, treasured childhood friend. Malachy Frawley died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. Callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around Australia. He is raising funds for not-for-profit organisation HeartKids Australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects. Since January, Callum has already faced his first three marathons: kicking it all off with a 22 degree race in
President Obama met Usain Bolt in Kingston, Jamaica on Thursday. He praised the six-time Olympic champion saying that 'nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people' He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras. Bolt wrote on Instagram that it was 'truly a great honor' to meet the president.
Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger the Rochester and Strood by-election. But he faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority on May 7. The disclosure comes after Ukip was thrown into turmoil by a survey showing Mr Farage trailing the Tories in his target seat of Thanet South.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States' Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled. 'Sometimes I just want to do it,' when people have pushed his buttons, he said. Whereas, other times, 'you just have a bad day'
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011, just seven months after they were married. Doctors told her they would have chosen to pull the plug had they been in her position. But she refused to give up and Brian was eventually released into her care. Weeks went by and one day, miraculously, Brian spoke. Now Danielle says Brian is improving all the time and has gone from requiring 20 medications per day to requiring none.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to work as a security guard. He left his parents house and became an ISIS jihadist in Syria. He has been busy writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides. Hussain has a cat, known as Lucy, whom he adopted from the streets.
Fireman Xu Weiguo grabbed the suicidal woman's arm just in time. He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down. Video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. He holds on to her right arm and is seen calling for someone to assist him. A colleague also clambers out and helps haul the woman to safety.
J Lo's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze. It even caught the attention of Google executive, Eric Schmidt. He has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images. When Google Images was launched in July 2001, the site offered access to 250 million images. Ten year later, that figure reached more than 10 billion.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, welcomed James Hunter into the world on Tuesday afternoon. Baby James weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth. Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page throughout her pregnancy.
The man was caught on video at Pearson International Airport in Ontario. He was trying to enter a restricted area but refusing to abide by security protocol. Police in Canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight and was then Tasered while attempting to get on the plane.
Sky turned blood red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia. Red sky came with a light misty drizzle which was mixed with a strange black mud-like residue. Just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky had returned to normal. No one is quite sure what caused the bizarre red sky.
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds, the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. The gun currently holds the Guinness World Record for the smallest working revolver, and the bullets it fires are the tiniest live ammunition ever created.
Astronomers detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. Discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide.
Naked bodies of young couple found stuffed in boxes in a park in Haryana state. Police said the man's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk. Partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women. India has witnessed honour killings - where couples are targeted because their families or communities disapprove of their relationships.
Dame Helen Mirren, 69, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s, which, she says, was a 'horrible' time for women. The actress was speaking ahead of the release of her new film, Woman In Gold, and last week posed on the red carpet with co-star Ryan Reynolds.
New York Daily News claimed family asked him to stay away to avoid 'circus' But Al Sharpton said it is 'bogus' and there has been no discussion. He said he will head to North Charleston to preach and attend vigil on Sunday. Walter Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager on April 4. Slager was fired, arrested and charged with murder after video emerged.
The deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. The find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were largely nomadic hunter gatherers.
The Random Darknet Shopper was designed as an online shopping system. It spent up to $100 each week on items offered for sale on the 'dark net' The robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists. They put the items in an exhibition in the town of St Gallen, in north east Switzerland. But it seems it crossed the line when it purchased 10 Ecstasy tablets. The tablets were found to contain 90mg of the class-A drug MDMA. Police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased. It has now been returned to the group behind the
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday. Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled the trigger. Bullet struck the baby boy in the face, and he was later pronounced dead. Investigators are now trying to determine where gun came from - and identity of person responsible for bringing it into the house.
Doug Hughes made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Washington on Thursday. That's one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the Capitol's West Lawn after flying through restricted airspace around the National Mall. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Hughes was released on his own recognizance afterward and instructed to check in weekly with authorities in Tampa starting next week.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on the ABC's 7.30 program. The Federal Government announced 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq on Tuesday. Mr Andrews said Australian troops would not accompany the Iraqi forces they train into battle. 'No, they stay, to use the expression, inside the wire. They won't be going outside the Taji base,' he said.
Peter Fox, 26, arrested at Euston Station in London on suspicion of murder. His mother Bernadette, 57, and sister Sarah, 27, found dead in Bootle. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police released CCTV images of the 26-year-old leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm on Wednesday.
Footprints found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, are the oldest human footprints in the world. They were left by Homo erectus - an extinct species of early human that disappeared around 200,000 years ago. The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake. Alongside the human prints were those of birds including storks, pelicans, crocodiles, antelope, hippos, bovids and other predators.
Satellite images have shown a massive sandstorm sweeping across the Arabian Peninsula. It caused chaos across the area's major cities including Riyadh and Dubai, where some locations were reduced to zero visibility. More than 450 Saudi Arabian Airlines flights were cancelled between Wednesday and Friday - which equals 33 per cent of the carrier's 1,526 scheduled flights.
HBO has warned users, who are watching shows such as Girls, that will be cut off on April 21. 'We would like to take this opportunity to remind you that the HBO NOW streaming service is only available to residents of the United States,' the email reads. Hundreds of users have taken to the online broadband forum Whirlpool to voice their opinion.
Astronomers say 'rogue', sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials. This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France. A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior. Globulettes could make rogue planets more common than first thought.
Heather Hironimus, who filed the complaint late Monday, is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges haven't. The complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son isn't necessary, that the boy doesn't want it, and that his constitutional rights are being violated. Her arrest was ordered after she fled in February and ignored a judge's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward.
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat  with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk. Study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton. The father-of-three had served in the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland in the Royal Engineers from 1989 until 2000. He was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression and Fibromyalgia, a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain.
The Prime Minister and his wife joined worshippers at the Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent today in traditional Sikh dress. They briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech. It comes just a day after the Conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child. The 33-year-old, who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics, welcomed Mia Grace with husband Mike Tindall last year. The Queen's granddaughter has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape. Starting her morning at 7am, Zara has a breakfast of Greek yogurt and honey.
Mountain lion, known as P-22, was found in a Los Feliz home on Monday. Animal welfare workers tried to move him, firing tennis balls and beanbags. But they were unsuccessful, so decided to check the area overnight. When they returned in the morning, they found the lion had left the area. He was heading back towards Griffith Park, where he usually lives.
New study was spawned by mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012 during a midnight screening of The Dark Knight rises, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured. The magazine says it set out to determine the amount of money the survivors and victims' families from that one incident would need, based on medical expenses, lost wages, court costs, therapy and impact on quality of life. At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years.
Would-be fighters are bringing the items across the border as they travel to join those currently waging jihadi across Syria and Iraq. One fighter, using the Twitter handle Jannahtain, posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper burger. Another photo posted on his page showed chocolate, Pringles and even cans of pre-mixed mojitos. Twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics would consider forbidden.
The 44-year-old TV star was looking morose as she left her New York City apartment on Tuesday. The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, who is usually seen smiling, wore a frown. When appearing on her morning show she said, 'He was such a great man... he was just a great person, a great friend, he will be missed - I cannot tell you how much I will miss him' Dr Fredric Brandt was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday.
Number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter from last year. Value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million, according to Kantar Worldpanel. Artificial tanning products were the hardest hit sub-sector of sun care market.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011. He called police to say he was being threatened with a gun in Birmingham. When CCTV showed nobody had approached him, he was sectioned. Mr Burrell died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QE) Today, his sister Kadisha described the moment she saw him following his arrest. She said: 'When he walked out he walked over stiff. He couldnt move his head, couldn't move his body' Inquest heard he was worried about a paternity issue with an ex-girlfriend. She had been claiming that
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be sent around the world The emails also reveal that a Hollywood blockbuster of Dr Who is in the works - but not for a few years.
Team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy, which they say could be ready for human trials within three years. Scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the bodys immune system ten-fold, an astonishing effect which could help patients fight off cancers and viruses. Protein promotes production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells, hunt them down, and destroy them.
Cell phone footage recorded by a mom in Jacksonville, Florida, on Tuesday shows a 28-year-old man, Dan Frank, throw a bottle of liquid at her vehicle. Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence. Police are investigating the case as misdemeanor criminal mischief.
Beatrice Tollman, founder of a luxury hotel chain, made her most recent donation of £20,000 to the Tories earlier this month to boost the party's General Election campaign coffers. But last night it emerged that she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before the charges were dismissed by a judge. On the same day in 2008 her husband Stanley Tollman pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
Dave Brockie, the late frontman of the eccentric heavy metal band GWAR, was found slumped in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. A medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose. A lawsuit filed last Thursday by William Brockie seeks $1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages for alleged breach of contract. The lawsuit alleges that the surviving members of GWAR swiped Brockie's guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and even his ashes.
Duchess of Cornwall, 67, married Prince Charles in April 2011. She has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family. A recent poll revealed that she is loved by 50 per cent of Britons. 56 per cent credit her with Charles' own increasing popularity.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old William Tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring. Detective Superintendent Mick Willing, NSW Homicide Squad Commander, said on Friday: 'One of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophilia ring' The news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the NSW mid-north coast. The distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will
Prime Minister hails the Church as a 'living, active force doing great works' He said Easter was 'time to reflect on the part that Christianity plays' Mr Cameron and his wife attended an Easter Sunday service at St Nicholas church in Chadlington, near Chipping Norton. Mr Cameron took a break from the campaign trail to visit the orphaned lambs in the nearby farm in his constituency.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. He came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles, including a rare Jaguar XK120, which, if restored, could be worth £82,000. Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over.
Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces who landed in Gallipoli nearly 100 years ago. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force. Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams. The soldiers' medals remain glistening inside their descendants' homes after a century of being treasured.
Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record. This was the highest for March in the 18802015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F. The warmth was spread fairly evenly across the hemispheres. Most land areas were warmer to much warmer than average, with record warmth in parts of the western United States and Canada, various regions in eastern Africa, parts of Scandinavia and northwestern Russia, part of south central China, and an area of northeastern Australia.
Jameela Jamil spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. Every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in Britain. Amalgam is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway, because of patient concern about the risk.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a'mild mannered' clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan. After the days work is done, he dresses up as iconic Japanese sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law. He has the full support of police and dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman.
Rose Byrne, Gracie Otto, Krey Boylan, Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrerea have launched The Doll House Collective. The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects. Byrne believes Sheryl Sandberg is a pioneer for women, and said the speech she gave in a TED talk about the benefits of women in companies was inspirational.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker in the back of the head. The teenager followed his victim and felled him from behind with a single punch. Mr Walker, 52, was thought to be unconscious before his chin hit the ground. He died shortly afterwards in hospital after being found face down in a pool of blood. Major, from Blackpool, was ordered to be detained for three years.
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. This energy can be used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply for power. It features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current. It additionally has a Sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when not in use.
The Park Hyatt New York hired First Lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez, to re-design the staff's uniforms. The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for local designer, Sunny Fong, when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms. JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for its recent uniform overhaul.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. Doctors thought that the young boy would not make it, but after spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday. Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies, Smash is scheduled to be euthanized by Thurston County Animal Service on Saturday at the family's request.
After more than two years of planning, 61-year-old Doug Hughes made it through restricted airspace in a gyrocopter Wednesday carrying 535 letters and landed the aircraft on the Capitol lawn. Hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged Thursday with violating restricted airspace and operating an unregistered aircraft. Hughes has since been released on his own recognizance and is allowed to return to Florida under certain conditions. His wife Alena says she is proud of her husband and will'support him no matter what'
A New Zealand woman discovered a cockroach after taking three bites into her Big Mac burger. Annah Sophia Stevenson ordered the meal for herself and her three-year-old son Luca at about 5.20pm on Saturday. The mother of one took to her Facebook account to post the alarming discovery after her McDonald's meal. McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson in order to aid their investigation.
The men were part of a group of five divers from the East Coast and San Francisco. Ten friends, including the dead men, had rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone. Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings.
The 19-year-old model says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her modelling career in its tracks. She claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young. The idea of bathing in blood for youth may have originated with the story of Elisabeth Bathory, a Hungarian Countess.
With the rouble in trouble, Russians are freezing at home, rather than sizzling in India's flop-in-the-sun western state. The beaches are more relaxed, the restaurants and bars quieter, the accessories less shiny. Goa has 11 hours of sunshine a day at this time of year.
Chamali Fernando was speaking at a hustings event in Cambridge last night. She said wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. Ms Fernando's'shocking' suggestion slammed by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg. Lib Dem Julian Huppert said: 'I was really shocked at the suggestion' Ms Fernando insisted her comments were 'taken out of context'
Green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million. Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving and have been detained. Crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China. Both cars caused extensive damage to the guard rail and a 10 metre section of the tunnel wall.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday. It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift. He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight. Earlier, the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help. 'Can you please, can somebody stop it?' he pleads.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, entered his plea on Friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego. He has been in custody since June 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation. The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011. Her family reported her missing the following January. A man who was cutting bushes on the island province of Bocas del Toro found a bag containing Baldelli's remains in August 2013.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of the Tories in government. Labour frontbenchers launch week of attacks on NHS, saying there has been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the past five years. Ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes, 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 people will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys on A&E.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. The win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million in today's money. She and her husband splurged the cash on flash cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth within four years of winning. But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel of his blue Jaguar in 1965, which led to Mrs Nicholson being declared bankrupt. She managed to reclaim some of the money after a lengthy legal battle, but lost it all again from poor investments on
The unwitting admission from five-year-old Daniel came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras. The comment was made during an ITV interview in which the Milibands, including wife Justine, cook eggs. But the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen is the best in the £2.7million home.
The BBC's online game, Syrian Journey, often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia. Players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee Syria, either via Turkey or Egypt. Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers and women being sold between militia groups. Twitter users reacted furiously to the game, which appeared on the BBC site last Wednesday.
The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Fredric Brandt's death on Sunday was a suicide by hanging. An autopsy was scheduled on Monday, the coroner confirmed. Comedian and former The View star, Joy Behar, tweeted on Monday: 'Dr Brandt was one of the sweetest, nicest, most generous people I have had the good fortune to meet & work with' Morning show host, Kelly Ripa, posted: 'My heart is breaking for the loss of Dr. FredricBrandt. My friend. You will be missed forever and in my heart even longer' Dr Brandt, 65
Government unveils final calculation for war reparations stemming from occupation by the Third Reich. Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes. Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands Adolf Hitlers forces in 1941.
Sarah Stage, 30, gave birth to her son James Hunter earlier this week. He weighed eight pounds and seven ounces and was 22 inches long when he was born. During her pregnancy many people commented that they felt Sarah's unusually trim figure could be damaging to her unborn child, but it seems their fears were unfounded. Sarah famously documented her changing figure via her Instagram page.
UK stylist and blogger Lily Melrose has come up with 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style, without breaking the bank. Lily shows you how to update sunglasses, Fringed boots, Cropped T-shirts and cut-off mini-skirts.
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. It contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh. Added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon all sandwiched between two brioche buns.
Prince Harry arrived in Australia on Monday for a month-long secondment. On his first day, he paid his respects at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier. Yesterday, he took an hour-long break at the village of Wuggubun in Western Australia. He posed for photos with locals but refused to pose for a selfie.
Singer-songwriter's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million. It includes a 'lost verse', which included a line about the music being'reborn' McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, used a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island. Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday. They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines. The men told Fairfax Media outside court on Saturday, 'you think we're monsters? We didn't hurt the quokka. We have pets at home'
Brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings took 'bad batch' of synthetic marijuana. They were hospitalized on April 6, within hours of each other, in McComb, Mississippi. Suffered hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. Were placed in medically-induced comas and had to be put on life support. Now, their mother, Karen Stallings, has appealed to others not to smoke drug. She said: 'They're very, very addicted to it and want to get off it'
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit. The informational pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded. President Barack Obama's expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policies. Those policies, however, are currently on hold by a court order. A hearing in which the Department of Justice will try to reverse the hold on the policy will take place on Friday.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting some grey hairs. Stylist Scott Ade believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey. George Lamb is a serious trendsetter, helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey. Ben Affleck's grey-flecked quiff looks distinguished, while his silvery stubble adds an edge.
NHS handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of £13million in 2014. 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, damning analysis found. Other bathroom cabinet items routinely being prescribed by GPs include Calpol, Vaseline, Strepsils and toothpaste. Critics said it was 'ludicrous' that such items were being handed out when the NHS was rationing routine treatments.
The teenager from the Henan province in central China appears to have had surgery on her jaw, chin and eyes. She has gained over 400,000 fans on her Chinese social media account Weibo - a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook. The girl reportedly underwent the procedures to win over an ex boyfriend. Plastic surgery has become increasingly popular in China in recent years.
Grace Rishell was Henthorn's first wife Lynn's sister-in-law. She said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy he had taken out on her. 'That was his doing. I did not authorize that policy,' she said. 'He profits, not my girls. I feel he came in and just preyed on my vulnerability' Both of Henthron's wives died in 'freak' accidents to which he was the sole witness.
The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in January, but still doesn't have a stable supply of the meat. Chipotle only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones. The restaurant's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into the garden of their apartment in the city of Rio de Janeiro in eastern Brazil. He later confessed that he'd carried out the brutal act 'because he was jealous of men looking at her' Cicera belonged to a dance troop called Jaula das Gostozuedas.
A group of anonymous artists erected a 4-foot-tall plaster bust of Edward Snowden, the former US spy agency contractor famous for leaking classified information, in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park early Monday morning. The artists spent six months and $30,000 working on a life-like effigy of the 31-year-old whistle-blower who has been living in exile in Moscow since 2013. At daybreak, police said city parks officials ordered the sculpted Snowden removed from the top of Prison Ship Martyrs Monument, which honors the 11,500 patriots who died aboard British prison ships during the Revolutionary War.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant when she went into the coma, and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son. Giles' prognosis is still not known, but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long. Baby L is doing well, but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War. Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865. Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits.
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. 'I believe that at the time of the killing Mr Costa's brain was compromised by dementia and when you add to this alcohol that led to a confused state,' he said.
Survivors of the Boston Marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on Tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy. Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site. They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured. Among them, the family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack. Also at the ceremony was Jeff Bauman, who lost both legs in the
Herminia Garcia, 53, was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for more than 20 years. She was arrested after her teenage daughter, Blanca Cousins, fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment in Hong Kong on Tuesday. Mr Cousins, 57, was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' after it emerged that Blancas birth, and that of her 14-year-old sister, had not registered. He has not been charged and is currently on bail.
Nicky Morgan ordered officials to start'mapping the pressures' on schools. Comes less than six months after she told head of Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an 'influx' of migrants. Immigration has played a low-key role in the Tory election campaign to date.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took his friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out. He then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal. Dog had a history of biting people and Dixon was worried it might bite a child. He was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7, an inquest heard. His girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook, saying the teen was on a station and that 'he was going to end it' Joshua had recently sought medical treatment after he seemed 'unhappy and wasn't eating as normal'
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI. Being obese started to reduce lifespan only when your BMI went above 35. These 'paradoxical' results suggest that BMI is too crude a tool on its own to make decisions about what a healthy weight is.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill. Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms, sometimes when men are even going to the bathroom right behind her. 'Im actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says Carnes.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire. Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
Kelly Kreth, 44, has been penning letters to murderers behind bars to find out exactly what makes them tick. After having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. 'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes.
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London. Just seconds later using car hacking technology, he opens the door without even using a key or smashing a window. The thief then climbs into the drivers seat during the theft, which took place in the early hours of Sunday morning. He then sits in the car for another 30 seconds before managing to start the engine without a key.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. She was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014. The two male students were both 17 at the time. The teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search. After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes. Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed into the garments. The packages tested positive for cocaine. It's estimated
Pensioner Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about a lack of action over fly-tipping. He signed off his email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip' Ben Grower, leader of authority's Labour group, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted' Mr Roberts said he was shocked by the 'petty' reply.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late January. The administrator of the page claims that those in the armed forces are 'being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary' Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. And the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture, so people can easily watch TV together. At the moment you can buy a single adaptor with a Bluetooth remote control for £50 ($75), with shipping expected in May 2016.
Jericho Scott, 16, was killed early on Sunday while he sat in a car in New Haven, Connecticut. The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions. He was banned from the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 at age nine because he threw 40mph. The story made headlines when lawyers were hired and his team eventually disbanded.
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller. It's seemingly part of a strategy across the retail industry that enables manufacturers to increase profits without putting up prices.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, hit the headlines when, at 16, she became the youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it. Her full transgender op, scheduled for January 2013, was called off and she returned to living as a young man. Now, having realised she can't go on as a man again, she is working as an escort to fund her dreams.
The white female student, who has not been identified, was captured in a Snapchat photo detailing several'reasons why USC WiFi blows' Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', an 'overpopulated campus' and parking. But at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s' Her actions were captured by a fellow student. Now, University of South Carolina president Harris Pastides has announced that the student has been suspended.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored a stunning 66-yard strike against Chelsea. The Scottish midfielder picked up the ball up deep into his own half. He belted it with his reliable left foot after noticing Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois well off his line. The shot, travelling at 45.1mph, was hit such power that the back-pedaling Cour tois was unable to deflect the ball away. As it sailed into the net the goalkeeper came tumbling in after in an embarrassing moment.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. The married mother of three, her husband and their two sons were returning home to California Monday after vacationing in Hawaii when they were kicked off the flight. Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation. Sedway said on Wednesday that the airline would refund her family's airfare, which will be donated to research.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been secretly dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: We dated fleetingly in 2004, very costly few weeks it turns out It was unclear whether Miss Flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with Mr Miliband, or was embarrassed by the media coverage.
The Queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today. She was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the London 2012 Olympics. Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport' Her Majesty is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in Windsor.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the worlds only prison-based tech incubator. The business program teaches inmates about the internet, a phenomenon invented in the mid-90s after most of them were incarcerated. The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year. The male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport. The TSA received an anonymous tip in November last year that an employee had admitted to 'groping' men who came through security. Despite receiving an employee tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, the TSA only investigated in February.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan. The 70-year-old had an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia. Doctors ruled out surgery to remove pressure sores because they feared she would not survive the operation. About ten days after she was admitted a consultant summoned the family to tell them a scan had revealed cancer. A Macmillan nurse allegedly told the family Mrs HeskETH had less than three months to live.
Andrea Dossena has been arrested on suspicion of shoplifting. The 33-year-old was arrested at the Knightsbridge store on Tuesday. He was later bailed and is now playing for League One strugglers Leyton Orient. Liverpool once shelled out £7million for the Italian back in 2008.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother. Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20. The Morley household now has three children under 20 months- a fact which Jade said is 'crazy' The Morleys released a video to explain Floyd's condition to their friends and family, in a bid to make their community a kinder place for their 'little legend'
If your name is Nigel you are twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip, according to research by YouGov. The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, the poll of 46,000 people found. The study found that the three names most likely to vote Tory were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline. Those least likely to were Sharon, Samantha  unfortunately for the PM  and Clare without an i.
Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton heard from alleged victims who suffered at the hands of nuns and priests. Claims ranged from being raped by a broom handle to being gang raped to being forced to drink their own urine. The commission has heard the nuns who ran the orphanage meted out savage and arbitrary punishments to children, and some residents were molested by priests who are now deceased. Former residents told of being locked in rooms and cupboards, starved of food and water, and forced to lick their own vomit.
Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after opening fire on Walter Scott, 50, after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. His attorney Andy Savage told CBS that Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. He said that when he met Slager on Wednesday for 60 minutes, that it took an hour and 45 minutes to move the North Charleston police officer to the meeting place because they had to clear all of the cell blocks. A jail staff member said: 'He wouldný
According to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. Theres even a word for it  nomophobia, the fear of being without a working mobile. Sir James Dyson, inventor of Dyson hoovers, is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in battery experts Sakti3.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT. Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. He will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24. The video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market. The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face.
Conversation Sparks is a Tumblr blog designed to kickstart a chat. The blog has now been turned into a book called Conversation Sparks: Trivia Worth Talking About that is for sale on Amazon. It includes facts such as: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer' and 'Redheads have less hair than everyone else'
Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and Vancouver police. The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel. The Vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident. He has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film Deadpool.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn Saturday in Martin County, on central Florida's Atlantic Coast. Authorities say 38-year-old Uriel Miranda died at the scene and his 2- year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Authorities said Uriel and the toddler were not wearing seatbelts.
The USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible. There also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel, scientists with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said on Thursday. The veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads on July 1, 1946.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed running tracks in its new Terminal 3. The cushioned tracks were actually designed to celebrate the 2020 Olympics. All of the blue lanes lead towards the departure area, while the red track leads to arrivals. The new terminal will be used for many of the city's low-cost carrier departures.
Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, charged with criminal negligence causing death. The 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and will appear in court again on May 28. It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada. The name of the patient has not been formally released, but the husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39 from Midland, said she was the alleged victim.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. A number of students have said the postponement was an act of censorship and an attack on free speech.
Emma Watson, 25, turned 25 yesterday and celebrated with a party. Her career began when she landed the role of Hermione Granger in Harry Potter. She has since starred in 17 feature films, two fashion campaigns and a role as a UN Ambassador. FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by hackers. They infected their network with a form of Internet malware in December. The program called CryptoLocker infects through an e-mail and scrambles the data on the computer. It caused police systems to be down between four and five days. They were forced to pay a $500 in Bitcoinransom to recover the files.
Tiny Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London. At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was perilously close to death. But he was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to a centre in Hertfordshire. He quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero, who is 120 times his size.
Melbourne-based actor Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page rant about her noisy neighbours. She dropped a thank you letter and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door. After a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook page opening with 'My dearest Lucy' He added that only the deaf and 'those buried in the cemetery' would have any concerns with the noise coming for his home.
Brendan Rodgers was ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge at Blackburn magistrates' court. The Anfield boss left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington with broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across the garden. Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council.
Henry Howes got stuck in the claw game at the Snowdome in Tamworth. The four-year-old was desperate to get his hands on a Despicable Me teddy. But when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck. Luckily, his brother Harvey, nine, witnessed the accident and alerted staff. Henry was trapped for half an hour as workers searched for the key.
The 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in Algeria. He went to Great Manchester Police Chadderton division to complain. Police tweeted a warning about wasting time after the incident. The offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment and/or a fine.
Kim Rose is running for Nigel Farage's party in Southampton Itchen. He is being investigated by officers after laying out the snacks at an event. Electoral Commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if their provision is intended to influence votes. Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous'
Study analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden. It found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted than men in the general population. Genetic factors were also found to be stronger for child molestation (46 per cent) than for adult rape (19 per cent). While the study makes an estimate of the heritability of sexual offending, it cannot of course pinpoint the genes that might be involved.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as a locum GP in Teesside in 2012. Asked vulnerable teen to remove bra before cupping and squeezing her breasts. Father-of-one, of Chester-le-Street, County Durham, had spent 12 years working in the NHS but has now lost everything because of a'moment of madness', his lawyer told the court.
With simple and sensible tricks, you can make your flowers last. Most DIY'solutions' can actually damage the delicate flowers. From spraying them in hairspray to keeping them far away from fruit and electricals, we've gathered a handy list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to his ex-girlfriend, Melissa. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex and has about 23k followers. Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa. Yet some users were not entirely convinced by his plea, describing his messages as 'creepy and inappropriate'
Kim, Kanye and North arrived early on Monday in Jerusalem for North's baptism. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, revealed the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. Kim wore sensible flat sandals for the ceremony.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça. Their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in Downing Street and the Cotswolds. The American band are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' and their songs feature violent imagery.
Sonia Morales' daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth. Sonia and her husband Rony decided to 'keep her no matter what' Angela celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth.
Police in Germany are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of last month's Germanwings air disaster. She allegedly falsely claimed to be one of the deceased teacher's cousins. The airline's parent company Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the March 24 crash in the French Alps. Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it. Mr Gove said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners. But he refused to rule out cuts to child benefit if the Conservatives win a second term. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Jared Quirk, 18, collapsed and died in Athens, Greece, on Friday. He was walking with friends when he fell to the ground for unknown reasons. Quirk is the third Rockland High School student to die in six months. Joshua Rose, 17, died on October 1 from an unknown cause. Patrick Sullivan, also 17, was killed in a car crash on New Year's Eve.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even Apple's. In a leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief wrote: 'Due to high global interest combined with our initial supply, we are only taking orders online right now' She added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets 'closer to in-store availability'
Elephants are often seen travelling single file, using their trunk to hold onto another mammals tail in front of them. But one young elephant decided to go it alone, when it walked alongside its herd and even broke their chain. Captured at Whipsnade Zoo, the video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path.
The video is part of a promotional tour from Porsche to promote their 918 Spyder, a limited edition $900,000 supercar. The car was driven by New Zealand professional race car driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into Race Hybrid and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone. The video depicts the car clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the Stuart Highway, north of Alice Springs.
Teenager filmed throwing kitten against door and flushing it in toilet. He claimed he was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis. Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bathwater. RSPCA inspectors found her in such a sorry state she had to be put down.
Buzim, north west Bosnia, has more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000. Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. He found that during the war, there were at least 21 sets of Twins born. However, medical records proving the total number of multiple births is incomplete due to the conflict.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness. Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication. Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected. Law graduate Lois Roberts said that surgery to correct her short-vision left her in agony.
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol to make them 'compliant' to sexual advances. The 43-year-old married businessman would pursue interest 'away from his home and family', using his restaurant as a 'focal point' Father of five groomed vulnerable under-age girls by giving them money, gifts or cigarettes before plying them with vodka. He was found guilty of forcing a 14- year-old girl to perform a sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation involving girls aged from 12 to 15. His South African friend Manase Motaun
Schieffer was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at Texas Christian University's Schieffer School of Journalism in Fort Worth, his alma mater. 'You know, I'm one of the luckiest people in the world because as a little boy, as a young reporter, I always wanted to be a journalist,' he said. 'And not many people get to do that, and I couldn't have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling' CNN's Jake Tapper and The Drudge Report's Matt Drudge were also among those who paid tribute to
Clip shows Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors. A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. The short video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
Female jihadis are shown practising with their machine guns and learning how to march as a unit. The radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans, praising Islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad. The video is believed to have been filmed at the St Simeon's Church, around 60 km from the Syrian city of Aleppo.
The notice has been fixed outside a university building in Portugal Place. It warns that bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building previously used by the Greek Orthodox Church. But one expert said there were inaccuracies in the Greek warning with one word having the opposite meaning to that intended.
Mohammed Emwazi planned to join al-Shabaab in Africa, it has been claimed. But he changed his mind after two of his friends were killed, source says. Bilal al-Berjawi and Mohammed Sakr were members of 'London Boys' gang. They were detained in 2009 after flying to Tanzania with a group of friends. He was later sent back to the Netherlands by security force. In 2012 he fled to Syria where he joined ISIS and became known as Jihadi John.
French photographer Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years. Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies, doing work in offices and gazing out windows into the distance. The scenes in which her photos are set are found across the world, including Las Vegas, New York, Moscow, Paris, Istanbul, Shanghai and Tokyo.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm Friday. The fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. Mann was rushed to Mary Washington Hospital, but pronounced dead shortly after arriving. A major manhunt was subsequently launched for Briel. He was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. Police have since charged Briel with first-degree murder and abduction.
Aldi increased its share of the premium ale market by a third over the last year. Tesco still has the biggest share but Aldi is luring customers away with cheaper prices. The discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent. It's another chapter in the rise of discounters who are slowly stealing market share from the big three.
Stephanie Scott's remains have been transported to Glebe Morgue in Sydney. State Coroner Michael Barnes has ordered that an autopsy be carried out this week. Detectives will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer. Vincent Stanford, who moved to Leeton  from Holland over a year ago with his mother and brother, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday.
Spain's Queen Letizia, 42, attended the Woman Awards in Madrid. She wore a backless sequinned cocktail dress and a bob haircut. LetizIA also presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award. Ms Hayek brought her seven-year-old daughter Valentina to the event.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy. The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin of Burlington, Vermont. 'She was continually gagging and choking, unable to clear her secretions,' reads the complaint. 'Her breathing was shallow and Mandy had trouble holding her head up'
The items from the collection of 'dean of American crafts' Allen Eaton were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey. Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page. The auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child. Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps after the December 7, 1941, Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants, mainly from other parts of Africa. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes. More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread.
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development. She told her parents she wanted a 'big-girl party' for her tenth birthday. Her parents sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. So Mackenzie's mother went on Facebook and posted in several local groups asking families with girls around her age to stop by. She received an overwhelming large positive response and more than 700 people joined an event titled, 'Mack McKenzie's Birthday Party
Newington College in Stanmore in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. It comes after the principal of St Ignatius' College Riverview, Paul Hine, sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them a former student had made allegations of 'child sexual abuse over 30 years ago'
Claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook. Force Touch is the'most significant new sensing capability' since MultiTouch. It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a click and responds accordingly. This follows recent rumours which suggested a 4-inch version of the iPhone 6 is in development to replace the iPhone 5C.
The research, carried out in Milan, backs up tests carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs. Scientists found that dog one got it right in 98.7% of cases, while for dog two this was 97.6%. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Teresa Swarbrick, known affectionately to her friends and family as Etch, died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR.
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester. He faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court to take down the Twitter posts. The Old Etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ingratiate himself with voters.
Palaeontologists led by the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia, which were first described in 2001. One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail. They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail. A number of chevron bones in one of the fossils were longer and had broader tips than those in the other specimen, indicating the creature is male. The researchers suspect that male oviraptorosaurs shook
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in Lakeland, Florida in September 2013. The following month, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates, Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13. Both girls were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff's office distributed their names and mug shots. Authorities claimed they bullied Rebecca online and sent her messages such as 'go kill yourself' But the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages. One of the
Ofcom received 21 complaints over Miss Wendy's false mouth trick. ITV received a further 35 and the RSPCA is contacting Britain's Got Talent. One viewer wrote on Twitter: 'That's not talent [and it] should be looked into for animal abuse' Others said the act was cruel. But ventriloquist Marc Metral insisted that Miss Wendy loves performing
Three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government have been executed in a shocking new video. The barbaric footage, released earlier today, shows the men kneeling in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor, Syria. It comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 Ethiopian Christians in Libya. Videos of this nature are used by the militant group as propaganda to attract other would-be jihadi fighters.
Sidonie, a well known band from Catalonia, created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent Ryanair flight to Santiago de Compostela in northern Spain. In the video, the band's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite Ryanair's scathing review. Ryanair is famous for complaints about its customer service and surcharges.
Claudetteia Love, a senior and one of the top students at Carroll High in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends. Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally. Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her daughter because she's a lesbian.
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy. Built mainly for government staff, locals only come to live in the city for work. Despite a reported population of 924,000, the city's streets are barren. Foreigners and investors aren't keen to visit and foreign aid workers prefer to commute daily from Yangon.
Noelle Reno, 31, is former fiancee of businessman Scot Young who fell 60ft from his West London home last year. She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of her fourth-floor flat window in Marylebone. In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a suicide, pre-empting any coroners verdict.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 Madra Street when the argument escalated. According to the man's younger brother he was helping Owen move her belongings out of the garage -including furniture - into a van when an argument broke out.
A recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group Stay In Cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine. Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated. Stay in Cornwall's put together a simple guide to dealing with UK jellyfish with help from natural environment lecturer Dr Matthew Witt.
Julie Walters, 49, jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted official. She posed as council warden and church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. She was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the Old Trafford football ground in Manchester. Today, police issued CCTV images of Walters hanging around outside the complex after she admitted three counts of burglary.
The attempted break-in took place in Pemberton, a suburb of Wigan in Greater Manchester. One of the robbers used a sledgehammer to smash through an internal wooden door. The other used a axe to smash security glass at Uncle Jewellers and Pawn Brokers. When a worker barricaded the door and pushed one of them back through the broken window they fled the scene.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. Up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition, a study found. It could be that RBD results from the early stages of the breakdown of the proteins in the brain cells, meaning it could be a useful warning sign of Parkinson's disease.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed. They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure. FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure. Combine trusty black with elegant navy is both chic and flattering.
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival, a three-day holiday in China, by watching parades and travelling home. Families across the country descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones. A record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the weekend and public holiday.
Air Malta passenger jet took the unusual flight path to celebrate the wedding of two of its crew. The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around Malta, with final section skirting the Italian coast. The happy couple were joined on the flight by family, friends and colleagues who had been at the wedding.
Flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval thatched building at Warwick Castle. Holidaymakers had gathered to watch the cannonball be fired from a wooden trebuchet  the largest working siege machine in the world. The big display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby ancient boathouse, causing it to erupt into flames. Up to 30 firefighters attended the incident and fire chiefs confirmed no one was injured by the blaze.
Puren - who has died aged 96 - was the youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. The 96-year-old died on Friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia in February, his family said. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Todd Phillips, 40, was struck at full speed as he flagged down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London, the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to William in 2011. The Duchess of Cambridge's lunchtime event at the hotel was not part of her official schedule and, according to Kensington Palace, she attended in a private capacity.
Dr Michael Davidson, 44, was shot dead by Stephen Pasceri, 55, at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital on January 20. Davidson and his wife, Dr. Terri Halperin, have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two. She was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting. The hospital announced Monday that Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4.
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes as Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said the world is'very dangerous' Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident. But the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its election manifesto. Replacing the deterrent with a like for like system would cost around £100bn.
Mr Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent according to pollsters Ipsos MORI. Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a 'capable leader' Just a quarter think he would be 'good in a crisis', according to the poll.
Barack Obama made an unscheduled stop to the Bob Marley museum in Jamaica last night while on a visit to the country for a meeting with Caribbean leaders. The first president to visit Jamaica in three decades, Obama arrived in Kingston yesterday evening and was met by Prime Minister Portia Simpson-Miller. Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc to discuss energy and security.
Model Chrissy Teigen showed off her stretch marks in an Instagram post. Singer Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit. Kelly Clarkson said she was used to being bullied about her weight. In 2012 Lena Dunham hit back after she was criticised for wearing short shorts.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany. He has been living with a group of unmarried fighters in Raqqa, Syria. Like Hamza, all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor. Several have taken to social media to voice their annoyance at being unable to escape their lonely life in Syria.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country. The detainees are being transported in secret via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of Vietnam. The HMAS Choules has been employed by the navy to hand the Vietnamese nationals back to their Communist government in an operation which could cost $2.8 million. It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. A three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on May 12. 'Governor McDonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to Williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day,' his lawyers wrote in the latest filing.
Crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws. Dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a tracksuit-wearing man near the entrance to Hyde Park. Last year there were estimated to be around 10,000 people openly smoking marijuana in the park.
Police were forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne. Several were injured during the violent rally that saw hundreds of people protest for anti-racism. The protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to Islamic organisations for inspection and certification. Across the country, 16 rallies were scheduled to take place, with events in Sydney and Melbourne appearing to have drawn the biggest crowds.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk. The old woman tried to chase after the young boy, but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch. His father searched for the boy's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch. Emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail. The family now says they are taking comfort knowing that their boy is in a better place.
Wardens at Windsor Castle have voted for industrial action over pay dispute. Union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working the 'country's richest family' They claim they are asked to carry out extra duties for no extra money. These include leading paid-for tours, carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old. He died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault. Police are considering manslaughter charges after Mr Dawe died two decades later.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate. Her parents, Ralph and Ricky Lauren, are 'overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation', a spokesperson for the couple said.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on his rival Meron Simon. But with less than 100m to go, Pepiot raised his hands in pre-emptive joy. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, opening the way for Simon to speed towards the finish line, and beat him by a tenth of a second. Simon's time, 8:57.86, exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya. Italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in Europe. 160,000 made the journey last year, often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels.
More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014. Out of every £100 spent by these Western nations on overseas aid, no less than £14 now comes from the UK. Overall across these 28 countries aid budgets fell by 0.5 per cent in real terms. But the UK increased its spend by 1.2 per cent to £11.7billion in 2014.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked. In fact, according to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center. With 3.8 million foreign-born Blacks already living in the United States, the center estimates 16.5% of the US black population will be comprised of immigrants by 2060. Most of the immigrants are from Jamaica and Haiti, while 36 per cent come from Africa. Immigrants from Central and South America account for most of the remaining population.
Esher and Walton is home to Gary Lineker, Frank Lampard and Mick Hucknall. Average income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above average gross annual salary. Residents paid the most income tax in 2012/13, with bills averaging £16,900. Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include Windsor.
Google Wallet's current policy says funds are not protected by the FDIC. But a Google spokesperson told Yahoo Finance that the current policy has changed. This means the company will store balances in multiple federally-insured banking institutions. This is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their Wallet Balance because the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insures funds for banks up to $250,000.
Bodies of young recruits of Camp Speicher were slaughtered by ISIS last summer. They were marched through Tikrit, once Saddam Hussein's stronghold of support. For almost 10 months, their devastated families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers. But now it seems their final resting place may have at last been discovered. 'Dozens' of ID cards belonging to the army cadets were found at the late dictator's presidential compound last Wednesday.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning a string of customers and financial firms. Federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest. Khan, known to his clients as 'Bobby', opened the Emporio Motor Group in New Jersey in 2013 and maintained a high profile.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old Casino teenager must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery. After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go. In nine days over $76,000 was raised for the teen's surgery.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed to death Kevin Rivera, 21, on Sunday. Couple had just returned home after celebrating their daughter's first birthday. They were arguing when Diaz reportedly lashed out at Mr Rivera with knife. He allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, with a knife, before fleeing the scene. Mr Rivera was rushed to Woodhull Medical Center, but was later pronounced dead. Diaz has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon in relation to the killing.
Robert Muradeli, 45, went to live in Russia more than 20 years ago. He has a Russian wife and son and was deported in 2011 for breaking immigration laws. But European Court of Human Rights has ruled Russia did not breach his right to a family life when it deported him.
Girl, 6, sexually assaulted by boy of the same age in classroom and playground. Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten. Girl's mother says school officials refused to remove boy from her daughter's class. She says she has now been forced to move her daughter to another school.
Timothy Norris-Jones left 92-year-old mother with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches. He was arrested after the victim's carer returned home and called the police. Norris- Jones, 59, admitted two counts of ABH and was cleared of one count of GBH when he appeared at Guildford Crown Court. Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' and added: 'It is pretty unforgivable to strike an elderly lady'
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith KeHlet, 47, were last seen on March 22 in an area called Table Top near the gold prospecting and mining town of Sandstone. The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite. Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres, however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far.
Footage appears to show Raheem Sterling apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on the 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health. The video emerged just days after the 20-year-old was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe.
Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean controversial US expose HBO's 'Going Clear' might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters. It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release. But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsburys store in Coventry. She threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came sprinting towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence. Miss Copeland was issued with a £50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in October last year, but refused to pay it. After failing to pay, she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates Court on March 17. She was then fined £304 by magistrates who also ordered her to pay £200
Sources said the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team. Last month, Apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops. At least nine job listings were discovered by fan site AppleInsider.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 'Spice' is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. The cannabinoid, also commonly called 'K2' or 'Mojo', is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri. Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness.
More than half of UK children don't have any veg, and 44 per cent have no fruit on a daily basis. Annabel Karmel says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children. She says that eventually they will see positive results when it comes to a healthy diet.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders faced growing calls to stand down. Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs accused her of ignoring rights of victims and failing to clear the stench of an Establishment cover-up. Decision not to charge Lord Janner last week despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims was justified because he was in poor health.
Culture and Media Secretary Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography. He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the UK as well as abroad. If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots. Has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna and Beyoncé. In total, she has completed 42 tiny pictures, which are the size of a postage stamp and cost around $90 (£60)
Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' He urges his nine million Twitter followers to sign up to the petition in a desperate bid to spare their lives. The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' in Java. Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad. 'These Aussie blokes are going to be killed soon for a bit of daft drug smuggling,' he tweeted.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge. Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley. After years of campaigning for equal billing, they were finally given equality with the men. Oxford entered the race as favourites and finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead.
South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert fired four shots at Levar Jones. The 36-year-old was unarmed and had his back to the officer when he was shot in the stomach. Mr Jones has no criminal record and was on his way home from work. He said the horror of his own shooting was brought home by the death of Walter Scott last week. He wants to see non-lethal methods introduced for police and bodycams for officers.
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, appeared in Washington County District Court via video monitor from jail on Monday. The charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the Medical Examiner's Office could not determine the cause of death. Bell's initial story was that she had put the baby, Alice, in a crib and then found her dead later on. She then changed her story, telling authorities that she was worried one of her twins had smothered the baby.
Danny Alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his Treasury post in a second Coalition. The high-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to the Scottish nationalists. He would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the SNP surge which is set to take the seats of many of Scotland 40 Labour and 11 Lib Dem MPs on May 7.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal. One possible explanation is that chewing raises levels of the feel-good brain chemical serotonin.
Francis Pusok, 30, is seen falling off horse he was suspected of stealing. Seconds later, two deputies stun him with Tasers, before beating him. As camera keeps rolling, officers apparently kick suspect in head and crotch. San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on leave. He said the video, captured on Thursday, appeared to show excessive use of force. He added that he was launching an internal investigation into the actions of officers.
Gang offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers. It was a'sophisticated and carefully planned' scam which had bases in Lincolnshire and Sussex. Proceeds were laundered through more than 100 bank accounts both in the UK and abroad. One group based in southern England was headed by Neil Gilbert, 42, who made up to £60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the annual Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids. Prominent museums including the Smithsonian and the National Gallery of Art in Washington prohibit their use. Selfie sticks' increasing popularity has left cultural institutions and sporting events with decisions about balancing patrons desire to photograph themselves with safety concerns.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government. The 41-year-old former tourism minister is also accused of abusing her power. Prosecutors in Bucharest revealed details of the investigation. Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Radiance pads promise to retexturise and brighten skin. Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice. These new pads are beauty game-changers, offering all the benefits of a professional facial in a simple at-home swipe.
Hollywood legend, 71, said if the former Secretary of State is voted into the White House there will be 'no surprises' In an interview with the Daily Beast, the Goodfellas star said she had paid her dues, adding: 'Its that simple' De Niro has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party.
Researchers at Yale University have revealed the subtle differences in sentence structure across the US. Their interactive map allows you to click on a location and see common phrases for a region, as well as its source. In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this' Some people in San Jose think nothing of saying 'didn't nobody help him', while Florida residents can be heard using the phrase, 'I ain't never had no trouble with none of 'em' Click on the location marker in the map below to hear common phrases.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was lured to Wembley on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times. Scotland Yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether the Syrian-born 48-year-old was murdered on the orders of the regime.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from ESPN for one week after an ugly and offensive rant she unleashed on a hapless tow truck company employee surfaced online this week. The Washington D.C.-based sports reporter, who hails from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia. The verbal attack was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office. McHenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant, however continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera
A swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in Aberdeen last night. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. Ross Thomson, a Scottish Conservative Councillor, posted images of the graffiti on Twitter just before lunch.
Lawrencium was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence. It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time. This has made the element, which can only be generated in particle accelerators, extremely difficult to study. Lawrencium currently sits at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides, which sit in a separate block from the main table. But new research suggests the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium, which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson convinced terrorists would target Prince. Met Police sent to Wales in lead-up to Caernarfon Castle ceremony in 1969. Targets were members of nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and the Free Wales Army (FWA) Files show Wilsons government approved plans to send officers to Wales.
Birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside. The man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser. While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle. He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam where he abandoned
The map was created using data from Nasas Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite. It shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013. Areas with the largest number of flashes are shown in bright pink. The areas with the least are grey and purple. The Democratic Republic of Congo was found to have the most over the period.
Former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have said goodbye to their family home in Brisbane's east. The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago. The house was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica. The two-storey property is a striking Queenslander, aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home in Blackpool during the attack.
The Eco Experts has created maps plotting which countries have the most threatened mammals. The firm used the World Bank's World Development Indicator for Deforestation and biodiversity figures. Indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk. Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101. In the US, there are 35 endangered species including breeds of rats, bats and wolves.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder. Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by Coleman, who believed Spence was trying to steal her boyfriend, according to family members. Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her. That's when Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, who was standing alongside his niece. Paramedics
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family, according to court documents. He was arrested on Friday at the Mexican border and is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February. He has not yet entered a plea to those charges.
Rupert Brooke's poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. In 2000, love letters between Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship. Now Lorna C. Beckett, chair of the Rupert Brooke Society, has turned them into a chronological narrative.
Providenciales, in the Turks and Caicos, was named the best island in the world by TripAdvisor users. The Caribbean island, north-east of Cuba, was tops in the websites Travellers Choice Awards for 2015, edging Maui in Hawaii and Roatan in Honduras. Rounding out the top five were Santorini in Greece and Ko Tao in Thailand. No island in UK or Australia managed to crack the global top 10.
Amanda Butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin. Both she and doctors feared he would not survive. He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions. Mrs Butler later discovered her premature labour had been triggered by a common infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV) BV affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. It occurs when the balance of internal bacteria is disrupted, leading to an unpleasant odour.
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. She claims that Spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past. Spencer allegedly asked her to participate in tennis lessons but again she said she would'reluctantly' try because of the injury to her foot.
A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Judges gave the award to The Mail on Sunday ahead of fellow nominees The Sunday Times and Independent on Sunday. Our most spectacular front page revealed how feminist T-shirts worn by Ed Miliband and Harriet Harman were made in Mauritius by migrant women workers on 62p an hour.
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton. He put on a spread of sandwiches, sausage rolls and teas and coffees at event. But he was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating' Mr Rose, a jeweller, was questioned at Romsey Police station, Hampshire. He poked fun at accusations by taking in boxes of Jaffa Cakes for officers. But officers refused to accept the treats, saying that would also constitute a bribe. He has now criticised the 'absolutely ridiculous' police investigation.
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. They show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties. In infrared, region 1 is cooler than rest of surface, but 5 is located in a region that is similar in temperature to surroundings. The origins of Ceres' bright spots remain unknown.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. Rihanna was spotted carrying not one but two gun-themed bags while out for dinner in Santa Monica last autumn. Rumer Willis, meanwhile, has previously jumped on the gun-bag bandwagon with a black leather 'Guardian Angel' bag by Vlieger and Vandam.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court. She is alleged to have lied about the cremation of her son, Paul Moreland. Hackney allegedly told two funeral directors that there were no objections. But the court heard she knew her ex-husband, Paul Barber, would have objected. As a result, no-one attended the early morning cremation in December 2010. Mr Barber told the court he found out about it in a phone message from a solicitor.
Trinity Culley, from Fingringhoe, Essex, watched the baby-birthing programme. She secretly viewed it in her bedroom after her mother told her it was too graphic. But when her mother Dee Culley's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule, she sprang into action. Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose.
The youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot. They're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world. Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation.
Three Afghan prisoners accused of murder were executed on a hilltop. They were blindfolded and handcuffed, before being shot at point-blank range. Hundreds of locals had gathered to witness the public killings in Ghanzi province. Taliban said the men had been tried and found guilty by an Islamic court.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades. They wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world's biggest stars. So when Trent died last month Hatch was expected to be at her funeral. But he was banned from the funeral by Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory. He says that not only did she never forgive Hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage, but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due.
Mother and ten ducklings spotted trying to cross busy high street in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands. Staff dashed to help them across and ushered them out of a back door to safety. But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office and staying for the morning, wondering the corridors.
Jason McDonald, 34, from Aurora, Colorado, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length. Crematory manager Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Bouvier's red colobus monkey was thought to have died out more than 50 years ago. Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the primate. The white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face.
The newly-opened Maison Souquet may just be the most provocative hotel in Paris. Situated just steps from the famed Moulin Rouge, this Pigalle haunt is the perfect blend of opulent and edginess. All of the dark, mysterious interiors were designed by Jacques Garcia and feature plenty of plush velvet and opulent gold accents. The Celestial Spa boasts a swimming pool beneath a shimmering ceiling of'stars' and can be booked out for private use.
Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. He also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones. Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
Officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in Telangana after cases of the H5N1 virus were identified. The virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from Asia into Europe and Africa in 2005-2006. India has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006.
Scientists in China are said to have modified human embryos. They are believed to have used a gene editing technique known as CRISPR. The technique alters the DNA in sperm and egg cells so changes can be passed on to future generations for the first time. Many scientists have reacted with horror at the idea, for fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. But others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers.
iPhone users on EE will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal. The technology paves the way for London's commuters to chat and text inside the capital's 150 Tube stations where Wi-Fi connections are currently available. The new Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge will also have the feature on the EE network when it goes on sale this Friday.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force, but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions. The father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area. Magistrate Cavanagh told the Darwin Magistrates Court that Costas actions were devious and dishonest'
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonder locks, a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks. Recently revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime. Khloe has been showing off her workouts - and her impressive strength - in a series of recent Instagram posts.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, had been a member of the Ocala Police Department since 2012. The accidental shooting occurred about 3.30pm Monday at a gun range at the Lowell Correctional Institution. He was wearing a bulletproof vest, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is investigating the incident.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes, who lost a leg each in the April 15, 2013, blast, have joined the calls for Dzhokar Tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death. The couple's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy, Martin Richard, who was killed in the blast. The Richards made their appeal in a moving op-ed for the Boston Globe, published last Tuesday, just a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death.
In the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her. 'I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday. Turns out the Complicated hit maker was suffering from Lyme disease, which Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have. Lyme disease is the debilitating bacterial infection that comes from a tick bite.
Aldi has won an increasing share of the market since the recession. It now lags behind only the big four  Tesco, Asda, Sainsburys, Morrisons  and the Co-operative. Despite this Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in the past three months.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram. She said they were from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week. Since then hundreds of women have posted pictures of their stretch marks. They have been taken to the social media site with the hashtag #loveyourlines.
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work in Australia. She became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. The 23-year-old landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid in the new sitcom 'Ismol Family' Ms Moon is also a model who has been featured on magazine cousins in the Philippines. She is also embarking on a singing career, writing and performing songs in both English and Tagalog.
Proposal put forward by NHS Health Scotland, Scottish Governments health promotions agency. Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland. If introduced it would mean legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain, where it is 18.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for her £10,000 wedding, as well as a £5,000 honeymoon in the Seychelles. She was arrested at Heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon - but now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously. Saunders admitted seven counts of fraud totalling £16,990, and was sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment suspended for two years, with 200 hours of unpaid work.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University in Georgia. She was surrounded by protesters who were trampling on the flag. Manhart refused to let them take it, saying it belonged to 'the entire United States' In 2007 she made national headlines for posing nude for Playboy magazine. Was later demoted, and ultimately left the Air Force.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of New York with a friend. She showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress, which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots. The young royal also carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff.
Narcocon, a Church of Scientology-affiliated drug rehab network, is trying to prove that a patch of land near Camp David is historic enough so that they can build a center for twelve patients. A Scientology-back real estate company bought Trout Run for $4.85million in 2013, and has been trying to change its land designation. Opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program.
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset, on Sunday. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19. The bikers were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNPs Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He said the party showed compassion for the Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi  who killed 270 people in December 1988 by blowing up Pan Am Flight 103  Mr Macraes was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how the treatment has gone, he claimed. He is now backing Tory candidate Douglas Ross to oust Mr Robertson in Moray.
Fantasy Café is located in downtown Hangzhou, the provincial capital of Zhejiang Province. Manager said the shop has begun operating eight air purifiers 24 hours a day. Label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person. Customers say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year. Class A recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard thats safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. Although it is the highest quality of recycled water, the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption. An investigation has been launched by the Department of Health and Human Services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students.
Workmen have been seen on Kingston Road in Stockton, the setting for the newest series of Benefits Street. Angry neighbours claim housing bosses have ordered the makeover in anticipation of the show's release. The housing association said the works had been planned well in advance and were nothing to do with the programme.
Tabitha Anne Bennett allegedly drove her daughter, 13, to meet a 14-year-old girl in New Port Richey, Florida and then encouraged them to fight. Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery offenses, Pasco County Sheriff's officials said.
Harrison Coogan, and Hunter Coker, both 18, and 19-year-olds Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, told sheriff's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in Gulf Shores. Authorities say more than 100 cases of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel was confiscated.
Matt Pliska, who is also a survivor of leukemia, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and she gladly accepted. On their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes'
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding. She fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to previously appear on April 7. The 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him. She was released on conditional bail, which requires her to report to police, abide by residential conditions and not speak to the complainant.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction. Plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare. Car tax would rise by £25-a-year. But he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax amid concern it could cost the party support in key seats in affluent parts of London.
Robert Kirkland, who founded the home decor store that bears his last name, died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure. Kirkland's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states. He donated the money to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist attraction in Tennessee.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920. Well-known fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers have all descended on the island nation as of late. The country's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen. There are certain filming locations that consistently rank a cut above.
Robyn Exton, 28, is the founder of Dattch a lesbian dating app. Josh Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters. Josh is now seeking a five million dollar investment. How To Be A Young Billionaire is on Channel 4 tonight at 9pm.
Model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria. The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio. Somali broadcaster Ibrahim Mohamed said he had spoken with the family on Wednesday who told him Sharky had died after being shot. The jihadist's father had been told by Sharky's friends that the worst had happened.
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. She had worked for seven years at the BBCs financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager. According to her husband Paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000. Her widower has had a request for her work emails, which he believes will show she was being bullied by bosses, refused.
A.M. 'Marty' Stroud III, 63, visited Glenn Ford, 65, at his Louisiana home last week to apologize for putting him behind bars for a murder he didn't commit. Ford, who was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand but shook Stroud's hand. Stroud wrote a letter to Ford last month apologizing for his mistake and slamming the state for refusing to pay him compensation. 'I was arrogant, judgmental, narcissistic and very full of myself,' he wrote.
Social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends, family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. It comes after police located a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night. Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in memory of Stephanie. Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were soon flooded by social media users who shared images of their yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow. More than
Claudia Lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in North Yorkshire in March 2009. Pub landlord Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. North Yorkshire Police said 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions. He provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year. But two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. She has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions. There are claims that HSBCs Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman.
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, said jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved. Some jokes even have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall, he said. It is because the Corporation is extra-wary about causing offence, he added.
Tulip Siddiq was at the Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh who is accused of human rights abuses. The Tories last night accused Ms Siddiq of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to Putin and Sheikh Hasina. They claimed she appears to have gone to great lengths to cover up her trip in January 2013.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said the data belongs in the public domain. He said the emails and documents show the inner workings of an international company. Sony Pictures blasted WikiLeaks for creating the archive, saying the website was helping the hackers disseminate stolen information. The data dump comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million. Assange is currently battling a detention order in Sweden, where he is wanted by prosecutors in an investigation of alleged sex crimes.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace', which will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000 km) above Earth.
Daisy, 26, poses in leather and heavy eye make-up for Rodial. The model was chosen for her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge' FEMAIL caught up with her to discover her style and beauty secrets. Daisy has been partying at Coachella with her famous friends.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, swindled cash through mortgage fraud. He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money. Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney World. Judge today ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as proceeds of crime.
Jason Cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with messages over the internet. He threatened to post a sex video of her on her Facebook page. The terrified woman said her life became a living 'hell' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter. 'It got so bad I considered suicide. It wasn't nice for my daughter. It was my past - years ago. My kids didn't need to know about that,' she said. He was jailed for 12 weeks at Birmingham Magistrates' Court.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people, and has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents, and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection. Some of the sites, which include an old bus, tarpaulins, and run-down caravans, are left without running water. Residents said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. The children have been named as boys Cameron Todd, 13, and Zycheim Todd, 7; and girls Tynijuiza Todd, 15; Tykira Todd, 12; Tybree Todd, 10; Tyania Todd, 9; and Tybria Todd, 6. Delmarva Power said it cut off power for safety reasons on March 25, not because
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom. The book, which was published last week, is filled with letters of love and gratitude to the women who raised them. Other celebrities to write a letter include Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, Christy Turlington Burns, and Kristin Chenoweth.
Fanuc's robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision. It keeps an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. This removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency. The robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines. Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees.
Victorino Chua is accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital. He is also accused of poisoning 18 others at the Stockport hospital. Chua wrote a 'bitter nurse confession' in which he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' In 13 pages of rambling, broken handwritten English, the Filipino nurse said he might explode at any time.
A federal jury in Salt Lake City on Thursday awarded more than $270,000 to Marcia Eisenhour after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive' Storey was a judge for Weber County Justice Court from 1984 until 2010.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The 26-year-old was spotted with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark. It is her fourth holiday in a month, after trips to New York, Verbier and Florida. Her jet-set lifestyle has raised eyebrows at a time when the Queen is keen to promote royal thriftiness.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity. Hoped to bring'respect' to her Miss BumBum title by becoming a virgin. Posted a snap of her naked body painted with an image of the Virgin Mary to her Instagram account, along with a special Easter prayer. The image, just one of a series of nude body-painted shots she shared over the Easter weekend, attracted 750 'likes'
The Flash Pack's Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in southeast Asia. In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, most definitely the vehicle of choice in traffic. With limited resources comes innovation, as is evident with one mother who has attached a cane high chair to the front of her vehicle to make it more comfortable.
Claudia Martins, 33, was suffering from a condition known as a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl. She had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her. She 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag and towels, but was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital. Martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. She was sentenced to a two year community order with
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at Nyack College. He is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse. Ludwigsen was hired by the school in September and police were told he started behaving inappropriately towards his players in October.
Gloria Ross, 84, spent 30 years in the National Health Service as a nurse. She was found with distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. But when he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired'
Earl Arthur Olander was found dead at his home in rural Minnesota. The 90-year-old was found with his hands tied behind his back. He was covered in cuts and bruises and his home had been ransacked. Police have offered a $1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest.
A man from Mittagong has struck gold after scoring a massive $20 million lottery win. Two entries won the first division share of Oz Lotto's $40 million jackpot draw on Tuesday. The winning entry was purchased from MittAGong Newsagency, 4 Princess Street in central Mittagongs. The man said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win.
Vijaya Gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go unchecked She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse. Anti-bullying campaigners have long complained that Twitter is a sanctuary for trolls who post hateful abuse behind the veil of anonymity.
Thugs caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors and smashing windscreens. They targeted La Marina Auto Sales in Dearborn Heights, Michigan. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work. He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the trio.
Gulnaz was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker Asadullah - who is also married to her cousin. Her brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried. A Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years following an appeal. The only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry her rapist, which she did in early 2013. Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry him so that her first daughter
Dozens of public servants were told their jobs would be lost in a cruel April Fools' Day prank. The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. DFAT has since reprimanded the staff member responsible for the stunt, which saw 30 low-ranking employees told they needed to apply for expressions of interest.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was today given six terms of five years to life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns. She strangled the babies to death moments after they were born, then stashed their bodies in the garage of her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah. Huntsman told police that she started killing off her children when she got pregnant because her drug problem meant she couldn't care for them. Her estranged husband found one of the babies' bodies while cleaning out the garage in April last year.
Former Playboy model Annette Edwards holds her world record Continental Giant rabbit Darius aloft. Five-year-old Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st  the king of the Continental Giant breed. Darius seems nonchalant about his world record  and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son, Jeff.
Passenger captured the moment two passenger aircraft landed perfectly in sync at San Francisco International Airport. As well as the two measuring their approach almost identically, the wheels touch the tarmac simultaneously. Plane landings at Saint Martin's Princess Juliana International Airport have become legendary worldwide.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on US 90 near Louisiana Street in the town of Paradis, just west of New Orleans. Suspect Paul Devillier, 56, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers. Sheriff Greg Champagne says the two got into a verbal spat because the deputy refused to stop traffic and allow his 2014 chevy Silverado to make a left turn. Hazeltin was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye. One of the bullets reportedly penetrated his lung and another lodged behind his eye.
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department. The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week. Zeus had to retire last May due to health issues, and for some losing Zeus is not only losing a coworker, but also a family member.
Tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. When they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck, the jowls, forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' It comes after David Cameron pledged to give NHS whatever it needed. But he refused to say how he will find the money for the health service. Mr Balls said: 'I'll save the NHS but I'm not going to make promises until we can show where the money will come from'
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday, climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping. Police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down. At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and New York Police Department officers pulled her to safety over the railing. A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce
Fiona Cullum provided a safe haven for Hassan Hussain and Yassin James. They gunned down innocent nursery teacher Sabrina Moss on her 24th birthday. The men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends. Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested. She sheltered Hussain and James 'hours after the murder' before telling officers she did not remember them being in her home. She was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer QC.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, is in the 21st week of her pregnancy. She already has 13 children, the oldest of whom is 44, by five different fathers. The oldest woman ever to give birth to quads is Indian Omkari Panwar, 70.
Prince Charles wrote a letter to Hayley Okines's grieving parents. He described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer as 'an inspiration to millions' There are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the UK. Hayley's tiny turquoise-coloured coffin was carried into church by pallbearers. More than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered at the church for her funeral.
Pest control company Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout' The post was accompanied by the caption: 'Even a nasty bug like me can sense it's been a sad week for our great country' It has been 'liked' almost 700 times, and been shared a further 100 times. The post has since been removed, and apologised for any offence caused.
Los Angeles-based Hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone. Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their Apple handset. It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell it.
Yaakov Naumi, 32, grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak. He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim. His work there meant he encountered rituals and traditions he'd never seen before.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' at his church in St Petersburg, Florida. He was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children. Three years later he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker.
Matt Stopera lost his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of Li Hongjun. Mr Hongjun had received the phone as a gift but whoever had presented it to him forgot to wipe its contents. The images ended up on Matt's iCloud because the phone had not been erased properly.
A spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center says the girl was brain dead and care was withdrawn Saturday night. Police say Malijah Grant was shot in the head Thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala at an intersection in Kent, Washington. Her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside, and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off. Two male suspects are now being sought by police.
Godfrey Elfwick was recruited to talk on the BBC World Service programme. He said the franchise was full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes' Added that Darth Vader listens to rap music and C-3PO is a 'camp, neurotic coward' Said Disney should make'strong feminist' films such as Beauty and the Beast.
A stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the Russian-Finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in October. This is according to a new study which claims the Kola fireball had a 'disturbingly similar' path to asteroid 2014 UR116. Spotted on April 19 last year, researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments. They determined the fireball's path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site, before creating a computer model based on those figures. This led researchers to the Annama meteorite, which is an ordinary
Deputy PM said control of Department for Education would be key demand. Mr Clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of 'ideological gimmicks' of Michael Gove. Mr Gove was the first Tory Education Secretary when the coalition was formed. Lib Dems have sought to claim the mantle as the 'party of education'
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive in the early hours of January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing. He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck. On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body. Nash was discovered in the water wearing the same pajama pants and dark shirt he had on when he stopped by a convenience store to pick up some items just hours before he went missing. The only thing missing from Nash's home was a 9mm handgun with a single clip.
Photographer Brandon Stanton shared image of woman whose name is Beyoncé. Photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name. Beyonce says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person' Photo has received almost 300,000 shares and thousands of comments.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' The White House did not name a replacement for Bernard, who is also the first gay man to hold the position, nor did it explain why he was leaving.
The U.S. Census Bureau released the updated figures online Tuesday. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to thefindings. In 2012, that number was 94.9%. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent wereChildless last year, while in 2012, 71.4 percent did not have children. 47.6 percent of. women ages 15 to 44 were Childless, the highest it's ever been.
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York. He was questioned for four hours by two FBI agents and two uniformed officers. Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference. Incident occurred only a few hours after a report about Roberts' research was released by Fox.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, said his daughter Marine'may want me dead' He was angered when he called Nazi gas chambers 'a detail of history' Ms Le Pen is the current leader of France's far-right National Front party. She said his'scorched earth strategy' of causing public outrage amounted to 'political suicide'
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Knight's truck. He was left with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head, knees and shoulder. But he claimed from the witness stand on Monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation, in which his companion Terry Carter, 55, was killed. Knight is accused of murdering Carter and trying to murder Sloan, but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt. Sloan said: 'I don't want it to get misconstrued that I told on this man. I will not be used to send Su
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked. One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be. A couple who shared their Venice proposal two months ago were celebrating their 10-year anniversary.
Kaden Lum was gunned down in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28. His mother, Jalisa Lum, was also inside the home at the time of the shooting. Unidentified suspect is still on the run and police do not have any suspects. Two weeks on from the incident, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page. It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam. The wording above the cartoon of the boy reads: 'Since Kaden is an angel, then&' while 'America's gun culture' is written over the top of
Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test. From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour. After being frozen for 24 hours, the sponge will be even bouncier. Freezing a curry is a great way to make the most of leftovers.
Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula. He added the caption: Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace Liverpool promised to take appropriate action against the supporter.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised partner Emily-Victoria Canham, 18, with tickets. But he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland instead of Wales. The couple are both popular video bloggers - known as 'vloggers' One Direction will be supported by McBusted on June 5 and 6 in Cardiff.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was crushed to death by the 20-foot tree in 2007. Her daughter Sarah Wright was also injured by the tree in Hiers-Brouage. The tree was planted to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son. An investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood and made it very unstable.
Lawrence Tynes, 36, is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013. Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections during a July 2013 outbreak of the infection during the Buccaneers' summer training camp prior to the season. The suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices, equipment and surfaces unclean.
Messenger is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury after Nasa used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit. The spacecraft, however, is expected to smash into the planet's surface on 30 April. But as messenger drops ever closer to Mercury's surface, it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system. Among the features it has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows in the bottom of a huge impact basin.
Study found women routinely ask for £4,000 less for a typical job. This widens to up to £10,000Less in more senior industries such as accountancy. East Anglia and East Midlands had largest gender difference in expected salaries. North West England had the smallest, according to research from Reed.co.uk.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets in Croydon. He is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15. One of his alleged victims claimed she was told by Mee she would 'need to be nice to him' when she met him for her first application appointment. The woman, now 27, told Southwark Crown Court that Mee raped her. She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. Facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad to promote his story. The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake.
Sir David Nicholson said it was crucial all parties backed NHS's five-year plan. The plan calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020. David Cameron and Nick Clegg have pledged to find the cash. But Ed Miliband has refused to sign up to the NHS's budget. Sir David said once NHS knew what its budget was going to be it could start tackling the growing black hole in its finances.
Hillary Clinton flew back to the East Coast on Thursday from the Omaha, Nebraska airport. Her flight was bound for Newark, New Jersey, the major airport most convenient to her spacious Chappaqua, New York home. A reporter with the liberal news outlet Vox tweeted a photo of Clinton toting her own luggage on Thursday in Omaha. Clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
A&E consultant Dr Ram Manohar, 38, is alleged to have inappropriately touched the nurses in 2013, while working at Wirral's Arrowe Park Hospital. Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays. Nurse B said he examined and touched her genital area on July 10 and October 31, 2013. He denies four counts of sexual assault.
A man dressed as a woman robbed a petrol station in Watervale, Victoria. The man brandished a fake machine gun and demanded money from the till. Police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries. Other customers were in the store at the time of the robbery.
New information from Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. The explanation is that the substance perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid. Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid.
Rev Richard Coles sits on the board of Wellingborough Homes, a housing association in Northamptonshire. Known to many for presenting Radio 4s gentle human interest show Saturday Live, he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the BBC church sitcom Rev. Coles.
Leo Bernal, 8, was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in Culver City, California, over the weekend. Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. On Friday, five days after the shooting, the 8-year-old was released from the hospital with nearly two dozen medical staples holding his scalp together.
Randy Linn, now in a California federal prison where he's two years into his 20-year sentence, said that he can't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove about two hours from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to suburban Toledo on September 30, 2012, and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire. Cherrefe Kadri, president of the center, said she thought Linn's letter was sincere.
Team at Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week. Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake  all causes of high blood pressure.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County on April 23, 1990. Her badly decomposed remains had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered. A forensic artist recently created a lifelike, computer-generated image of the womans face, which is the biggest development in the case in years.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. It started in the remote Golo Valley, a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs. After trekking through the beautiful Spelunca Gorge, Wendy took a cab to the seaside resort of Porto.
The Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2 and any customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch on 21 April. It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O 2 stores on 23 April. The original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199. Motorola's Gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs. £50 more, at £249.99 - which is £50 cheaper than Apple's cheapest Sport model.
Kevin Morton, 49, gave his son Kye Backhouse, 13, a super-strength painkiller. Kye was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, in October last year. Morton admitted manslaughter at Preston Crown Court and could face jail.
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank, which went viral after he posted it online. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash. So she decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own. This hilarious video shows her setting up the gag by super gluing the waxing strips to a plastic office chair. She then promised her boyfriend, who had celebrated his birthday the day before, a special treat.
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics. He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men's +100kg. The 31-year-old claimed his failure to win a medal meant he 'would be murdered' if he returned to his native Guinea. After three months sleeping rough, Mr Keita handed himself in to authorities and was locked up in an immigration detention centre. While there he made two requests for asylum, both of which were rejected. After the second failed request, he was told he had to leave Britain on December 17, 2013. He agreed to board a plane to Ghana, but
MailOnline Travel looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities. At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a goldfish in any guest's room. At the Namale Resort & Spa in Fiji, couples are 'kidnapped' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise. At Rosewood Hotels, a fragrance butler is on hand to help you find your signature scent.
A Pain and Gain report has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low. Only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. The total value of these profit making resales was over $17 billion, three and a half times more than the total of the loss-making resales at only $418 million. This made the average profit made on each of the successful properties was $251,696 with the average loss on the unsuccessful homes being $65,435. Sydney recorded the lowest loss
Duli Hembrom wrote to the principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18' Her father Lachhu, who lives in Gudibanda with Duli's mother, said child marriage was a common phenomenon in their society.
Boxer Amir Khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on Snapchat while driving his car. The lightweight posted the pictures to the image sharing app from behind the wheel in the city of Fremont close to San Francisco. According to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence, which can result in fines or points on a licence.
Contestants Gerry Tynan and Anne Lewin spelt out the word 'erection' Host Nick Hewer was clearly trying not to laugh when the word popped up. It is not the first time the show's host has struggled to contain himself. In 1991, two contestants offered 'w***ers', and in 2010 another suggested's**tface'
Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave. A female agent accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters. She said he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her at a party. Morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week.
More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making. The legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. In the Coalition agreement, the Tories and Lib Dems pledged to roll back Labours state intrusion
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates among employers. London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English, maths and science, followed by the North West and East of England. The union is drawing up a ten-point plan to deal with the recruitment crisis, proposing action by both teachers and politicians.
Flight ET607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from Guangzhou, China to Addis Ababa. The Boeing 777-300ER first diverted to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel about eight hours into its flight. After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital, but was forced to return after the flight crew declared an emergency.
Hizb ut-Tahrir has 'big UK support base', according to reports. It has reportedly attacked civil activists in Aleppo alongside al-Qaeda franchise Nusra Front. Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at UK universities. Maajid Nawaz, Lib Dem candidate for Hampstead and Kilburn, was a member of HT for 13 years and jailed in Egypt for his commitment to the group.
Two Georgia corrections officers have resigned after a photo emerged on Facebook last week depicting a badly beaten inmate with a leash around his neck flanked by his suspected tormentors. The teenage victim, Cortez Berry, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. It shows the 18-year-old Berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. 'I was like
Kefalonia is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent, so we decided to stay home in the evenings and explore during the day. From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island, where the beautiful Shipwreck Beach is found. The town of Argostoli's port is ideal for picking up supplies, including catch-of-the-night fish from the boats.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules. His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes. The DOJ is investigating the disciplinary process following the accusations of sexual misconduct.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus. Earlier this month Britain was shrouded in a cloud of Saharan dust, known as 'blood rain,' as the temperatures soared. And in December a small town in Queensland, Australia, experienced a dust storm that residents said was unprecedented.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County. The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March. Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state.
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested. The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians. The order is being auctioned by Bonhams, New York. It is tipped to fetch £21,000 when it goes under the hammer.
Lib Dems will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament. Unlike Tory and Labour plans, spending would rise per pupil. An extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years. It is understood that Mr Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was particularly determined to stash money in Swiss accounts. She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax  which is legal  rather than evade it, which is not. But bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter, Margot Vignat, suggested otherwise.
We're now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting H20s. Sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat. Prickly pear cactus, which contains electrolytes, is the star in cactus water.
Sofar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal. Insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under Egyptian President Adly Mansour.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle. She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. Lee, 38, who is married, has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
First lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family. 'The Secret Service, actually, because they wouldn't let me in the car with her,' Mrs. Obama said in an excerpt of the interview that was released by Ray's program. The full interview is set to air Thursday.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham. He had borrowed his mobile and returned to his friend's home to claim it. Dew pushed his friend into a wall before striking him across the face. He then stole £10 out of his wallet and fled the scene. Dew was found guilty of robbery and assault and jailed for two years.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been firmly in the anti-vaccination camp for six years. The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable. Their six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years have been ordered to remain in quarantine at their house in Kanata.
Kim, 50, was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. The mother-of-four had been drinking vodka tonics all night at The Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel. A bartender refused to serve the reality star and she then became angry saying 'Don't you know who I am?' Kim then locked herself in a bathroom and refused to come out - which is when cops were called. The reality star was issued a citation for trespass, resisting arrest, battery on a police. officer and drunk in public and was later released on $20,000 bail. She is due to appear at the Los
Sydney radio station 2UE sent out a tweet on Thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee. 'Apologies for the s*** news service these days,' the tweet began. 'We hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news. #bringbackblanda', the post ended. The tweet has since been removed from the @2UENews Twitter account. A 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts.
Annabel Beam, now 12, slipped and fell inside a hollowed-out cottonwood tree. She fell 30ft headfirst down the inside of the hollow tree, hitting her head three times. She was rescued by fire crew and rushed to hospital in a helicopter. Doctors said: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her' Annabel's mother, Christy, and father, Kevin, believe their daughter, saying she 'has no interest in melodrama' For the first time in her life, Annabel can eat solid food.
Chelsy Davy, 29, stepped out in London wearing ripped jeans and a chic blazer. The ex-girlfriend of Prince Harry radiated health thanks to a bronze glow. She was seen laughing with friends leaving an art gallery in Mayfair. It's the second night out this week for the party girl, who was seen at the launch party for new London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden, on Tuesday.
Operation Xeres will focus on abuse at Skegby Hall children's home. It will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. The 10 centres, all of which have either closed or changed their use since the time of the alleged abuse, also includes Whatton Youth Detention Centre.
Naz Shah has previously claimed she was forced into marriage aged 15. But Mr Galloway's Respect Party claims to have evidence this is untrue. They claim to have a copy of her 'nikah', or Pakistani marriage certificate. They say it shows she was married in 1990, when she was 16 and a half. Ms Shah has hit back, saying there are two copies of her Nikah. One dated 1990, and another earlier version dated 1988.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big. After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house. He cobbled them together, dug a swimming pool, dug ponds, imported fountains, added ballrooms, added life-size statues of gorillas, added -- of all things -- a stone grotto (into which he installed a hot tub) The house is actually five garden-variety ranch houses cobbled together to form a 20,000-plus square
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. Meat and fish are plentiful and, because the soil is very fertile, the vegetables, fruit and salads are the glossiest you'll ever see. Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up - are the stars of the summer.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat and starts shaking when he sees Ukip leader Nigel Farage on TV. He says he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill. The medical recruitment consultant said hearing Mr Farage's voice makes him 'physically sick' Psychologist Dr Rick Norris said Mr Howarth's reactions sound more like they are the result of a phobia rather than allergy.
Eastern Sydney's Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a reference for Luke Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' Now the controversial councillor is developing 'a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women understand and better deal with being in vulnerable situations' Lazarus, a 23-year-old former private school boy, was jailed for at least three years on March 27 after he raped the teenage virgin in an alleyway.
Teaching watchdog working on possible disciplinary cases against staff. Alleged extremist Islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff. This includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video was copied in a classroom. More than 50 teachers alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group. Included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed murder of Lee Rigby was a hoax.
Thomas K. Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. From September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware, authorities there said. A car was found behind a building where a robbery took place and led  deputies in Maryland to consider Jenkins as a suspect, authorities said. Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Bogan Shire Council in western New South Wales wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue. Graeme Burke's proposal is for a 3.6m tall steel figure cut out of 5mm steel plate. The figure is wearing a singlet, has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod. Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs. Mr Burke estimated the construction and installation of the 'Big Bogan' would be a total cost of $8,000.
A new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red A rays and others say they protect the skin from the inside. Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, offers his verdict. Dr Skin's lotion and sun drink comes with liquid food supplement shots.
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to the podium and began throwing paper at him. The woman yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards, while a third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi. The protester flashed a V-for-victory sign and smiled as the two men in grey suits carried her away by her arms and legs.
Vincent Cianni, 63, spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence in a moving photo essay. The project, Gays in the Military, was published in Daylight Books in May 2014.
Coffee matching rules are not as hard and fast as wine pairing ones. But there are still some things you should consider. The next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. The classic English pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte. Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin, and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut.
Ricky Dearman was falsely accused of being leader of a London satanic cult. It was claimed he trafficked children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they were made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner. Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad. Mr Dearman hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine and currently in care.
Wonga racked up a £37.3million loss last year following a significant reduction in UK consumer lending. Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million. City watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
International Monetary Fund said state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax. Projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate deficit. Tories have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion  the first since 2001.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop caught up with shoe designer Jimmy Choo over the Easter holidays. The pair met at popular Japanese restaurant Nobu, in Perth's Crown Casino, where Choo was a special guest at a luncheon attended by Ms Bishop. Ms Bishop was in the city to talk to the families of SAS members while Choo is hosting a masterclass at Curtin University. The Deputy leader of the Liberal Party is famously a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces.
Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas, police said. A police SWAT team broke into the house Thursday to find the body of the 3- year-old. A 4-month-old girl was so badly neglected by her mother that the child was hospitalized in critical condition. Police believe the couple abandoned the house several weeks or months ago.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses. Claims she was'mocked' and subjected to 'gratuitous derogatory' comments. In an attempt to prove her claim, she recorded managers at the global investment firm without their knowledge She is suing her employer for sex and maternity discrimination.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case. She is suing Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. The dispute comes after Peter Longerich drew on the diaries for a biography. English edition of the biography is due to be published on May 7.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton, shortly after 8.30pm on Friday. Vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air. It was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate. Derailment caused up to 15 cars to overturn and leak, authorities said. Civil emergency message was activated for residents and businesses within a 1.5-mile radius of the area. Thirty people were subsequently evacuated as a 'precaution'
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand Anjem Choudary. Home Office letter says he is an extremist linked to banned group Al Muhajiroun. It says he 'intends to travel overseas to Syria where he would engage in terrorism-related activity'
The UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014  the strongest in the Group of Seven industrialised nations. This was seven times higher than Frances 0.4 per cent, according to an International Monetary Fund report. Britain is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the West.
Anthony Mann, 78, stabbed his wife Janet to death at their home in Nuneaton. He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre. Mrs Mann's health had deteriorated since 2008 and she was in chronic pain. She was suffering from dementia and was unable to go to the toilet alone. Mann admitted manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility. He said his wife had been in a distressed state and had told him she had had enough.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, is due to give birth to four babies in weeks. She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated. The mother-of-13 previously made headlines in Germany after giving birth to her youngest daughter Leila a decade ago, aged 55.
Labour leader accuses PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government. Mr Cameron has pledged to find £7billion to pay for tax cuts for lower and middle earners, by lifting the point at which people start paying tax. He has also promised to increase the NHS budget by £8billion a year, while slashing welfare spending.
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth. Tuah was revealed to the public on Saturday, with visitors  some of whom wore 'I met Tuah' buttons  lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings', and runs from 6pm until 11pm every night, but only (for now) at its branch on The Strand in London. Burger King's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers: the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse, the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp. Nando's also recently announced its most extensive menu update yet, with new options including a Quinoa Salad.
Cardinal Rainer Woelki urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz who is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet. Small wooden angels were placed on the pews to comfort the 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights who were among 1,500 to attend the touching service. Flags have been flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of relatives in the west-German city.
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. A bizarre search is now unfolding on Queensland's Gold Coast as authorities try to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia'
William Beggs, 54, is serving a life sentence in Saughton Prison, Edinburgh. He murdered and dismembered Barry Wallace, 18, in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, in 1999. The teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the coast. Begg's screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack.
Hemp is used legally in a range of ways - from its seeds to its oils. And now its medicinal properties are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight. Research has also suggested that CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down. Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits.
The Hague is home to one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring. Despite being home to Holland's royal family and an eye-­catching parliament, The Hague was classed as a village until Louis Bonaparte (Napoleon's brother and king of Holland) set up here in 1806.
The celebrity chef's business partner Laurence Kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if Flay, 50, had been having an ongoing affair with an employee, he would know about it. Page Six claimed Flay has been seeing Tirrel, who's 28, for three years and that according to a friend of March, the actress learned of the relationship with the former hostess just after Thanksgiving 2014. March's friend Maia Madison, a writer and actress, told Page Six that March arrived'sobbing uncontrollably' at her home after finding out about the affair.
Siti Zainab was executed in Media, Saudi Arabia, this morning. She was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer. She had been on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for the victim's youngest child to reach adulthood - to decide whether or not the family wanted to pardon her or demand her execution. Indonesian President Joko Widodo and three of his predecessors had previously written to the Saudi king. But the sentence was carried out despite their claims that she was not given adequate notice or information before she was killed.
Only 53% of people know who led the British forces in the battle. One in seven believe that it was the French who were victorious in 1815. Young people are more likely to associate Waterloo with the Abba song than the actual battle  with one in eight of those aged 18-24 saying they'd never heard of it.
The first mosaic, pieced together by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains. The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across Mars.
766 violent anti-Semitic acts were carried out around the world last year. Arson, vandalism and direct threats against Jews included in figure. 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009, Tel Aviv University study says. Anger over Israel's Gaza offensive and anti-Jewish caricatures blamed.
Demand for coloured stones such as sapphires and rubies has seen prices soar. Kate Middleton wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring. A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part by flashing their beloved coloured gems on the red carpet.
Walter Scott, 50, and Pierre Fulton, his friend of several years, had met for breakfast on April 4 before Scott drove him to a church so Fulton could collect a bag of vegetables. He then took Fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to Scott's house. But as they returned home, their car was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston. Scott jumped out of the car fled the scene - and was shot multiple times in the back by officer Michael Slager in a horrifying incident captured on a passerby's cell phone camera. Fulton said he heard the crackle of
Rachel Simpson, 15, has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated. She suffers from a mutation of the GATA2 gene, which is important in the production of blood cells. The disorder means a sufferer's blood counts might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection. Or, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia. The rest of her family, from Heysham, near Lancaster, are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have the mutation.
The rare formation, which appears to be formed of two double rainbows, appeared over a commuter rail station on Long Island early Tuesday. Amanda Curtis, the founder of a fashion company, snapped the phenomenon while she was waiting for the Long Island Railroad at the Glen Cove station. She said that the image was taken in a split second while her train was coming in to the station.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry' The 31-year-old has told of eating Minke whale - even though it is largely banned worldwide. She boasted of tucking into the delicacy in Norway, to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an unimaginably cruel trade.
Ukip leader said that he was jealous of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street. Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Camerons hand and complimented him on his appearance Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful.
Officers from Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects. But they refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader. Criminologist Richard Hoskins said he has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly. The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987. In the 1986 robbery, the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend, triggering alarms on the Friday that were not investigated. It was not until the week following the raids
Robert Bates, 73, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, during a botched undercover gun-sale operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. In an attempt to subdue him, Bates went to grab his Taser, but was unaware he had actually pulled out his gun instead. He appeared on the Today show on Friday, where he apologized to Harris' family and said the mix-up could have happened to anyone. The interview comes just days after Bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter and was released on $25,000 bond.
Ford showcased its £260,000 GT in a stunning light installation in the heart of Milan as the first models are shipped to China. The light sculpture was unveiled in the Piazza de Fidele on Tuesday as part of Milan Design Week. It walked through the steps of rendering to give insight into the car's conception. The vehicle won't reach European markets until next year.
The girl, who attends school in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service. One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' Another reads: 'You show up at school tomorrow thats the end of you. I got knifes that ill bring and youll get to pick'
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, was inspired to create her documentary The R-Word after growing up with her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome. The director and producer has already signed on cast members including Scrubs actor John C. McGinley and Glee actress Lauren Potter.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub. An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road. Nick Weller said he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets. The altercation took an unusual turn when a woman approached the scene, armed with two rubber sex toys.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth. Mr Wittstock was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival. The 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter, who he referred to as his 'little lion cub' in Facebook posts.
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts. He spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the Snowdome and in shops such as Argos and HMV. He even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits. The builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft.
Khadijah Dare, 22, was born in Nigeria but emigrated to the UK as a child. She was originally christened Grace but changed it to Khadijah after becoming Muslim. Mother Victoria says her daughter was a devout Christian who loved church. Now living in Syria, Dare has reportedly been widowed. She is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner.
The 1991 Ferrari 348, worth between $90k and $110k, smashed into a tree in the Adelaide suburb of North Brighton on Wednesday night. A male passenger suffered head and leg injuries and was taken to Flinders Medical Centre. Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving on the driver's behalf.
Murderer Robert Donovan, 57, walked out of Ford Open Prison in 2010. It took the police four years to alert the public about his disappearance. He was convicted of stabbing a West End theatre manager to death. Police considered him so dangerous that he should not be approached by public. Ministry of Justice has now revealed the names of 29 missing since 2004.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning the promotion of extreme thinness in the fashion industry. The health reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content. But experts say the laws may be unlikely to have any such effect. The view that anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to catwalk models remains popular. But Rachel Cole-Fletcher, of Durham University says personality traits are to blame.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack, and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. George Costello Jr is currently in jail in Florida
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago. The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa. This theory can also help explain a period in Earths history known as the Great Oxygen Transition, 2.2 billion years old. Here, oxygen levels began to rapidly rise from 0.0001 per cent of present levels to the 21% of the atmosphere we see today.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight. Among the reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required' European judges ruled in December that obesity qualified as a disability if it 'hinders the full and effective participation of the person'
Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. Items include a 3D diorama of the Battle of Agincourt and a longbow made from yew with a mother-of-pearl handle. The actor is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles, silverware and a fine collection of crystal chandeliers.
Ed Miliband said he would 'abolish' non-domicile status on Wednesday. But it later emerged he is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion, but it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. But it has a rapidly developing cultural underside. A-listers including Emily Blunt, Cate Blanchett, Lily Allen, Karl Lagerfeld and Sarah Jessica Parker have all visited Dubai in recent years.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, Wisconsin, was arrested Wednesday night. He was apprehended at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after getting off a return flight from Syria. He has now been charged with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The criminal complaint alleges that he talked to people about his plan in August.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as Churchills Toyshop, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board. Some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending World War Two.
Lloyd Byfield, 48, attacked Leighann Duffy, 26, with a claw hammer and knife. He burst into her flat in Walthamstow, London, and stabbed her in the neck. Her six-year-old daughter tried to intervene but was also stabbed in the arm. Judge Nicholas Cooke told Byfield he must have had a 'heart of stone' He was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years. Judge Cooke also expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport Byfield back to Jamaica when he attacked another woman.
The TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation. This includes exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. In 2012, the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in Europe, through naturally occurring radiation, came to about 2,100 µSv.
Workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout. Signs were placed at the foot of the tower to ensure 'tourists don't hang around for nothing' There are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day. The closure will cost Paris tourism almost ¬387,500 (£280,000)
Visitors to Dornoch are pointed towards the local slaughterhouse. But the abattoir is in the process of being demolished as it is derelict. The bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was posted on Twitter. Highland Council said it is looking into the current status and accuracy of the sign in question.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria. She has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter. She claims she has sported the same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years. But on her return to lessons following the Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down after teachers decided the colour was inappropriate. She was informed of the action being taken at the end of Monday's assembly.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling the panel last week there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked. The White House declined today to praise her. Leonhart has been accused by the Inspector General of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct. The events with prostitutes took place between 2001 and. 2005, but U.S. officials said the DEA did not investigate them until years later.
Mohamed Badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences. 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen were jailed for life. They were found guilty of plotting unrest in the months after the military overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013. Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata, known for his harsh rulings in cases involving Muslim Brotherhood, also sentenced two Islamists who have fled the country to death.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with stage III melanoma after she found a golf ball sized lump in her groin just before graduating from college in 2005. Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of Phil Primmer, who reportedly died after collapsing on Thursday. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on Facebook. His Facebook page has been inundated with hundreds of tributes, including messages from people who never met him but were inspired by an Australian body building legend who will never be forgotten
The study, published in the Health Affairs journal on Monday, has estimated the figure for women aged 40 to 59. It is made up of $2.8bn resulting from false-positive mammograms and another $1.2bn attributed to breast cancer overdiagnosis. Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women.
The Prime Minister said voters were not fully sure about the Tories at the last election, but would back them this time. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded Mr Cameron also revealed that nothing made him more angry than the Tories being called the party of the rich.
Bodies of six soldiers were found in a farmer's field in Comines-Warneton, near Le Touquet in Belgium, in 2008 and 2010. It is thought they had been given a field burial after they were killed in October 1914, near the city of Ypres. Little has been discovered about the soldiers, as no relatives have been found, and their graves will be labelled as 'Known Unto God' - a description chosen by Rudyard Kipling.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, stabbed Michael Spalding, 39, in the neck in April last year. He then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and stuffed body parts in suitcases. Simon and girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then dumped the suitcases in a canal. Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide. Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender following the four-week trial.
The Acai Berry Bowl Cafe will serve four types of berry bowls. The berries taste like blueberries and dark chocolate, with a distinctly earthy aftertaste. The acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest. For hundreds of years, the small dark berries have been integral to the diet of native Amazonian people.
Mandy Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm in the North Yorkshire Moors by Kenneth Ward, 67, naked apart from socks and boots. The military historian even performed sex acts in front of her. Ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences. A judge at Teesside Crown Court also imposed a Sexual Offences Prevention Order, banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of Miss Dunford. But Ward has successfully appealed to have the restraining order overturned.
Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical. Relations between Moscow and Washington, and other Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's neighbor Ukraine. 'We have disagreements on several issues on the. international agenda. But at the same time there is something. that unites us, that forces us to work together,' Putin said.
Francis Pusok, 30, fled his home in San Bernardino County, California on Thursday after cops showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges. He led police on a two-and-a-half hour chase, part of it on horseback. At the end of the chase, he was shot with a taser and two cops approach and start to assault him. The officers later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though he is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage. He was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and
Fruit juices made from superfoods often have more sugar than a can of cola. Some brands contain more than a days recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. Local Government Association accused soft drink firms of dragging their heels when it comes to minimising sugar in products.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. His mother Brandi McGlathery said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote Eli's story. The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to Ceres. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. Ceres is 590 miles (950 km) across and was discovered in 1801. It is the closest dwarf planet to the sun and is located in the asteroid belt.
Gemma Redhead was repeatedly raped by her former partner, Philip Kirby. She endured eight years of violence at the hands of bullying Kirby and his attacks became so brutal she lived in fear every day, thinking he would kill her. After they separated, Kirby refused to acknowledge the end of their relationship and begged Miss Redhead to take him back. In April 2011, he was jailed for eight years with a five-year extended licence period. He was also handed a restraining order which banned him from contacting her for the rest of her life. After he was released from prison, having served only half his sentence, he defied
Rosemary Taylor, communications director of City of Brookhaven, Georgia, made 'racist' remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival two weeks ago. After witnessing Mr Jones capture a test shot of models Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls. She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city' The girls' mouths 'dropped' and, moments later, they and Mr Jones were asked to leave the festival by a city official. Ms Taylor has been fired for exhibiting 'conduct unbec
Scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size, including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results. Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other, with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference. Bald men are more virile than men with hair because they have more testosterone in their body (which can cause hair loss)
Mike Keen, the Labour leader's cousin, said he was 'officially confused' Mr Miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms. But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money. Mr Keen posted on his public Facebook page that he needed someone to explain to him just what the Labour policy was.
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon through the Kimberley, Western Australia. She recently ran a half-marathon and beat the time she ran before the 2011 Kimberley blaze. Turia, who has been operated on more than 200 times since she was caught in the flames, believes Australians take their medical system for granted. On Thursday, Turia will hold a gala to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight, Interplast.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris. Despite the charges, the judge said that the retired insurance executive, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the Bahamas. Harris' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer. 'Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life,' they said.
In just eight weeks, Lily James has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by the glitziest names in fashion. From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lilys very special wardrobe would be a stretch even for Prince Charming's bulging wallet.
Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to massacre. Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in pre-dawn attack. But soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon, local media claims. Government representatives have defended the long response time, comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed'
French diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing' MP Guillaume Garot says change in attitudes could save France up to ¬20 billion (£14 billion) a year. Throwing away still-edible food costs the average French household ¬400 (£285) per year.
ESPN sports reporter Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended for a week after being caught on camera berating a parking lot attendant in Arlington, Virginia. In a blog post, McHenry tells her readers she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone' It is an almost unrecognizable tone from the one she took on April 6, when she raged at towing company clerk Gina Michelle: 'Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?'
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for an eye-watering £500,000 per year. The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990. The newly refurbished five bedroom, five bathroom apartment gives renters the chance to walk in the footsteps of the legendary screen star.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens released its trailer on Thursday to a packed audience at California's Anaheim Convention Center. The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  Part 2 - in 2011.
A California homeowners' surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house. In the video, two men and one woman can be seen entering a San Fernando Valley home in the mid-afternoon. The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room. Then one suspect returns. He checks the kitchen again before moving into the living. room. That's when he stares directly into the surveillance camera and realizes he's being filmed. The boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture
Robert Penny, 83, of Malvern East, briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. He is charged with murdering Claire Acocks and his wife Margaret Penny at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers in Portland on May 3, 1991. The women were found badly beaten, repeatedly stabbed, with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps. Police launched a cold case investigation into the murders in 2006, and Penny resurfaced as a suspect last year.
U.S. District Judge Lance Africk set a trial date for June 22. Durst pleaded guilty to two federal charges in Pennsylvania in 2004: possessing a firearm while a fugitive and while under indictment. However, his lawyers say those convictions don't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law. He was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman.
David Cameron made a visit to Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol. During his Bristol visit, Mr Cameron read a speech and said there was a moral case for the Tories policies. The day was hailed as Money Back Monday because it was the start of the financial year and the more generous tax allowances for the low-paid.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead. He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said. Authorities traced the calls back to the home he shares with his father, about 40 miles from where the 2012 attack unfolded. He has been charged with harassment and disorderly conduct and is being
Sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000. Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point. Online estate agent eMoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the markets peak and were routinely over-pricing.
Seven of Slager's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed Walter Scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back. Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. One officer is also present when Slager picks up an object - allegedly his Taser - and puts it near Scott's body.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. The pair often go to shows and museums in New York City, but relatives have filed a missing person report after Emily did not return to her East Hampton school from Spring Break. Police said that they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the Costellos may be in danger.
Helen Dunn, 78, was 17 years old at the time of the 1955 cover shoot. Mother-of-two and grandmother, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, made her own outfit. She posed under her model pseudonym, Sherry Morris, for raunchy lads' mag.
The question, 'So when is Cheryls birthday?' was one of 25 questions set in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. The puzzle asked: Albert and Bernard just became friends with Cheryl, and they want to know when her birthday is. Cheryl gives them a list of 10 possible dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 and August 17. She then tells them separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively. Those who were able to reason their way to this answer followed a series of logical
Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. Goldman Sachs forecast a 75,000 underlying surplus of established homes across Australia by the end of 2017. The report predicts that Australia's population will be 530,000 smaller than ABS estimates for 2017.
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English. She embarrassed Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook over spelling, punctuation and grammar. The Ukip candidates, from Frome, Somerset, defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago. They hope to be re-elected in May, having left the Lib Dems.
Odds on the second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed. It follows the success of part-time jockey Sam Waley-Cohen at Aintree. The 33-year-old amateur jockey was once dubbed 'The Royal Matchmaker' He helped the couple rekindle their romance during their brief split in 2007. The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month.
Miliband bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' as they prayed for him in Croydon. Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist', but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups. On Friday night David Cameron addressed 45,000 Christians at an event at the Excel centre.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows him dancing with his daughters Maren, aged nine, and Zoe, 13, before stopping to give a heartfelt speech. 'You girls are the light of my life,' he is heard saying.
PM announces plans to give millions of workers three days paid leave a year to do volunteer work. The scheme will only affect firms with 250 or more staff - an estimated 10 million in the private sector and five million in public sector. But business leaders criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention' Communities Secretary Eric Pickles said companies would not be forced to organise paid time-off for employees.
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat him for just staring in his direction, according to court documents. He was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday. On Wednesday, Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty. On Friday, the Norfolk District Attorney's office said they are seeking to arraign Fahey again and charge him with murder on Monday morning.
Peter Schweizer's new book, Clinton Cash, will lay out a pattern of money flowing into the Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors. The former George W Bush speechwriter will claim that Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to the foundation. Clinton Cash is due to be published on May 5th by HarperCollins. The White House declined on Monday to categorically rule out the occurrence of any wrongdoing.
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with two of her siblings. She never considered looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire. The film was nothing short of life-changing for Latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of India. India has become her second home and she has visited every year since her first visit in 2012.
The stormy weather system,  formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007. East Coast Lows are particularly common in June and tend to be more frequent in autumn and winter. They are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines. They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region.
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a toilet after giving birth. She then went back to work on a shoe production line in Wenzhou City. When a cleaner found the child in the femaie toilets he was 'icy cold' The baby's condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem later in life. The father of the girl said they could not keep the baby.
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear. The system can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. Randall and Flynn pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and after plea bargains eventually got sentences of 28 years to life. Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4.
Residents on Greville Street say they had suspicious power cuts a week before heist. They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on the evening of Good Friday. It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot after becoming 'greedy' Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith said the group was likely brought together by a 'Mr Big'
The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John Moynihan, 34, under the eye at close range. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. The video, captured from the surveillance camera of a nearby store, shows the beginning of the shootout that led to officers firing the fatal shots.
Robin Ellis shot to fame in the Seventies as the original dashing hero Ross Poldark. Yet even though he has been slim all his life, Robin has type 2 diabetes. He was diagnosed by chance in 1999 aged 58 after a friend was diagnosed with prostate cancer and he decided to get himself checked.
Wedding planners have been seen carrying trees into Dunblane Cathedral. The decoration was first seen at the royal wedding in 2011, when trees lined the aisle at the end of each pew in Westminster Abbey. Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts to reflect the great day. Messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken. She was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged in January 2000. She spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube. Colin Heath, now 43, was today jailed for three years and two months for manslaughter.
Unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for his offensive choice of festival fashion. He was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' The distasteful choice of words are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013. Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump, shared the picture on Twitter.
Jonathan Leblanc, the companys top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. He said technology had become so advanced that it allowed true integration with the human body The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable and will remove the need for what he called antiquated ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning.
Lisa Morgan, 40, altered Top of the World Roofing site to shame ex. She said she grew suspicious when he started to stay out all night. She checked his phone bill and found calls to another woman. She also contacted his estranged wife Joanne - who told her he had cheated. Miss Morgan said the updated site had brought in more views than ever.
Conrad Clitheroe, from Stockport, is in a cell with friends Gary Cooper and Neil Munro - also from Greater Manchester. None of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from Dubai. They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security' A judge has since extended their custody licence, which will be up on April 12.
Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Craig Stephen Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat; his wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, 19- year-old Razan Mohammad Abu -Salha. The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London, and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries. They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in childrens motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. The researchers said they were surprised by the results, believing that the twins shared environment - elements such as the teachers and the family that they had in common - would be a larger factor than genetics.
Proposals aim to rid classrooms of tired phrases which some pupils see as outdated. Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games.
Chris Ball, 21, made the most heartbreaking final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. The three-minute footage shows Chris repeatedly saying that no one should take the blame for his disease. His family have shared the heartbreaking video publicly to raise awareness of the crippling disease, which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer. Chris was taken by his mother Kerrie to the hospital 11 days earlier but was sent home with 10 Valium because there was a shortage of beds.
Papamoa Beach, a popular Bay of Plenty destination, was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore. Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler. Children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. Mrs McDonnell's attorneys argued Monday in a 101-page court filing that Mrs McDonnells public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery.
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. The couple's 1923 Model T Ford convertible, which had been rebuilt, skidded off the roadway and flipped over.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, married Michelle Agbulos, 39, in 2008 in West Acton, London. But while they were trying for a baby together, he started an affair with another woman. He told Michelle he was in witness protection and had to live in a safe house. But instead of heading to a so-called safe house, he would go back to finance manager Philippa Campbell in upmarket Chiddingfold, Surrey  a 40-mile journey away. He married again in August 2013  even forging divorce documents so his family would attend the second wedding. He was jailed for eight months after
Samantha says Dove's new campaign puts the meeker sex on the spot. 96 per cent of women chose the 'average' option in the survey. She says most women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that they're beautiful.
Scientists at Sheffield University have identified six different types of obese person. The distinction, they hope, will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight. Researchers analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. They found obese people fall into one of six categories: Heavy drinking males, 'younger healthy females', 'physically sick but happy elderly', 'unhappy and anxious middle-aged' and 'poorest health deprived'
Several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in Bogota as early as 2001, said a summary of a DEA report released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 'This new internal report describes not one or two isolated incidents, but literally dozens of parties with prostitutes,' Democratic Representative Elijah Cummings said at the hearing. This news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments.
Everardo Custodio, 22, shot at people walking in front of the drivers vehicle on Friday night in the busy neighborhood. The driver - a 47-year-old man from the Little Italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at Custoio, striking him multiple times. The incident occurred about 11.50pm and there were no other injuries.
Dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified, the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of Benjina. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. An in-depth investigation by The Associated Press published last month led to the discovery of massive rights abuses. The report traced slave-caught seafood from there to Thailand where it can then enter the supply chains of some of American retailers.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home. On Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia. 'I don't forgive you, and I never will,' Tapia said at the sentencing.
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014. Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured. The company said it is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that the new spaceship works better
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. Alpha oscillations occur within the frequency range of eight and 12 Hertz 9.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding, a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. The 63-year-old's home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished. It has emerged that detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon. The recent visit by investigators comes as police revealed that they believe William may be alive, despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile
Sarah Fox, 27, and her mother Bernadette, 57, were found dead in Bootle. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police are hunting for Peter Fox, the brother and son of the two women. He is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build. Merseyside Police have issued a photograph of Mr Fox and warned the public not to approach him.
Cathryn Parker has lived under at least 74 aliases in Los Angeles, mainly those of Hollywood production workers. She was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in Hawaii after she used the Jenny Craig Corp's corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets and then sold the tickets privately for $500 apiece.
Dawn Marie Davies, from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of contracting the sexually transmitted infection, herpes. Genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. It is commonly passed on through sex and oral sex. Once a person is infected with the virus it can reactivate every so often to cause a new episode of painful genital herpes.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The footage was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney. It shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. The incident started on Warringah Road and continued on for 8.5km, with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car.
The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa Meek rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia. Jesse learned the news after reading a tag Melissa placed on their dog, which indicated a baby was on the way.
Three young people got out of a red ute to confront another driver. One woman pulled out a dagger and stabbed the car's bonnet. The incident happened on a Melbourne road. The driver has been suspended for 12 months from driving and hit with a $2000 fine. Police are investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago during the Raoul Moat manhunt. It was announced last month that she was to be investigated for alleged misconduct. Ms Sim said she was'sad' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter. Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm. This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform.
Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti was racially abused along with his wife on a Sydney train. Stacey Eden, 23, stood up for the Muslim woman and her partner after witnessing the ranter 'bullying' the Sydney commuter on an Airport Line train about 1.40pm on Wednesday. Ms Eden switched on the video camera on her mobile phone to record the vile rant before rushing to Muslim couple's defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Pink is the new colour of choice for high-achieving women in the world of politics and showbusiness. Christine Lagarde, the first female chief executive of the International Monetary Fund, and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood are among those championing pink. Samantha Cameron is also a big fan of the colour - she chose a pale dusty pink silk top on the campaign trail for the local and European elections last May.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. His wife, Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1 OAK. Bleary was seen leaving New York City's 10th police precinct on his way to court just as Copeland
The 34-year-old reality star said she is creating an 'archive' of her most infamous outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags. Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her clothing collection. The mother-of-one added that she loves all forms of personal style as long as it's unique to the individual.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. The New York-based duo go by the nickname Jarlos and have over 22,500 followers on Instagram. John and Carlos were told by their previous modeling agencies to act more 'butch' and delete their joint Instagram account.
Kim Hill was abused by her step-father Derek Osborne from the age of four. The 31-year-old was forced to dress up in her mother's lingerie at eight. She was even made to watch pornographic films by her attacker. For years, Kim bottled up the painful memories until she met her husband Rob. Rob guessed that she had been abused and helped to put Derek behind bars 20 years after the offences.
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere. And wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. The findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. The technique works by measuring the sodium signal from distant worlds. And because the signals come from different altitudes, the scientists can measure the temperature difference across the planet. Coupled with the extremely high wind speed of 620 mph (1,000km/h), it reveals the planet has an extremely turbulent atmosphere - and
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Several theories currently exist for what they might be, with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight. The latest images were taken on 14 and 15 April from a distance of 14,000 miles (22,000km) from the north pole of Ceres.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to just over £1.1 billion. Profits are expected to be around £44million as firm reaps rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with the government agency for six years. Added screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them and will conduct bag checks on people they simply do not like. His comments follow revelations that two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in Denver as part of a scheme to pat men down.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent more than £40,000 on tattoos. But he says his unusual looks have made it difficult to find work. Now he is planning to set up his own business due to workplace discrimination. 'I've got pirates on me, aliens on me and I've got a blue penis,' he says.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk, which used a sapphire screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment. Sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond. It is created by applying heat and pressure to aluminium oxide powder, before being processed to remove impurities. The resulting glass is thin, super-strong and scratch resistant. Two out of the three models of Apple Watches, which are available to pre-order from today, have spphire glass screens. The only one that doesn't is
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3, with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to Nightly's 7.913 million. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension. In Williams' continued absence, well-liked veteran Lester Holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at NBC.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is expecting quadruplets at the age of 65. Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008. Now aged 64, Sue said she never intended to leave parenthood so late.
The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles. The group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. No one was injured during the fire, but the car's entire front end was torched. The Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items are piling up. Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around. 43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent did not think the value warranted the effort. Confusing processes also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back.
Carey Mulligan's grandmother Margaret Booth was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. The 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother, a former teacher, developed problems with her memory. She said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness, which causes memory loss and language problems. Mulligan said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road. Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, said that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald will hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in Glasgow on April 27. Gary told MailOnline that Jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates. He said he is dismayed by Louis Walsh's recent declaration that his X Factor days could be numbered and said he hopes he doesn't leave.
Niyama is a superlative beachfront studio in the Dhaalu Atoll. The days unwind quietly with snorkelling, visits to the spa and walks around the island. A sailing trip on a dhoni, an old Maldivian boat, is the icing on the cake.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. In a report issued to the Herald Sun, Victoria police revealed that there is a distribution network of speed, ice and marijuana operating in the trucking industry. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice.
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts. Proceeds will go to Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts. German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede also models. Christy, 46, founded charity after suffering postpartum hemorrhage in 2003.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black' Police say that was the moment before Knight killed Terry Carter and tried to kill Sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck. Sloan claims Knight appeared to be reaching for a gun on the passenger seat while moving the gear stick. Court also released an image of the truck the rap mogul was driving when he ran over the two men. Knight has pleaded not guilty to killing Carter and trying to kill Cle'bone' Sloan.
Victims lured to UK on promise of 'better life' but were 'treated like dogs' Jury heard how workers were kept under duress amid fears for their safety. Forced to work in dog food factories, food plants and car washes in Plymouth. Ruzena Tancosova, 34, brother Petr, 35, cousin Martin, 35 and Nela Dzurkova, 26, all of Plymouth, are charged with people trafficking. All deny the charges.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea. The plan aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules. The development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns. The technology comes after Amazon announced they had been carrying out a secret research project which would see packages from the company delivered by drone.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers. She was reportedly trying to flee the militant-held Al-Yarmouk Camp. Around 18,000 Palestinians have been under siege in the area since 2012. ISIS fighters took control of the district on April 4, leaving 200 dead.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. He said that their 'juvenile handwriting gave their identity away' - and that they ended up with roast chicken anyway. Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations, said the International Monetary Fund. The UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal. The IMF lumped Britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis.
'Red' Len McCluskey gave me the time of day on a street in Neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the Principality to drum up support for Labour's cause. But all the smiles cannot hide the reality that he and his union are a potent, sinister force in British politics. He is seeking to use their financial and organisational muscle within the Labour movement to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s.
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing Gonzalo Ramirez in 1995. Prosecutors allege Van and friends kidnapped and beat Ramirez and left him by the roadside in Irvine, California. Van's lawyer, Jeremy Dolnick, said his client had no role in the murder and knew nothing of any plans to kidnap or kill Ramirez. Prosecutors say Ramirez was taken to the transmission shop of his friend Kody Tran, where he was blindfolded, chained up and beaten. They say he was found having suffered 30
Holly Beard, 24, and her fiance Steve Hancock, 27, tipped the scales at over 41st. But after Holly received cruel taunts in her workplace the couple went on a joint diet losing 11st between them. Holly went from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months. Steve also began to shed the pounds after joining Holly on her diet.
Jodie Bredo, 26, from Essex, has been a Kate lookalike for six years. Wishes Duchess of Cambridge would 'change her hair for once' Admits she does not fancy Prince William and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple.
Newly launched app, Honest, allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. Personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes.
Aidan Fraley, 16, is the son of Eric Harris, who was shot and killed by 73-year-old volunteer deputy Robert Bates on April 2. Fraley says all the Tulsa police who allowed Bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his father's death. Meanwhile, his own mother--who calls Harris her'soulmate'--has already forgiven his killer. 'The Lord has forgiven me for my sins, and who am I not to forgive him?' Fraley said.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in a London bar. This is the second time Sterling has been pictured with a pipe in the past few days. The pictures will heap further embarrassment on Liverpool after other recent revelations involving Sterling. The 20-year-old is battling a contract stand-off with the club.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born fashion star appears in a solo editorial in the May issue of Vogue. She revealed that she was told by people within the fashion industry that she would no longer seem special or interesting once she completed her transition.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. On Wednesday scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died. It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years, a spokeswoman for the Marine Mammal Center said.
burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via Skype and gave them the good news. BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns. The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin near Springfield.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. The breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor. It's previously only been possible to convert between 30 and 60 per cent of plant sugar into hydrogen, by using industrial catalysts or fermenting techniques.
The Church of Scientology is one of the organisations that have been barred from using the Anzac brand by the Department of Veteran Affairs. An Anzac-branded port, an educational app for iPhones called ANZAPP and medallions with the word Anzac on them were among the list of denied products. Out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word. Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the Prime Minister than that of Ed Miliband. Separate poll of marginal seats suggests Ukips vote is being squeezed in key constituencies as election day approaches. It also suggests Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' Following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students. The married mother-of-two has been placed on administrative leave.
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30am on January 12. CCTV showed the men took the birds to a tower block in Walsall, West Midlands, and dumped them on the floor before kicking them. One resident reported that a dead bird was posted through his letterbox while others were dropped through windows. Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area. When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. The vehicle's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver, it was apparant that she has been knocked out in the crash. It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from
The world's largest cattle station is for sale in Anna Creek South Australia and it's bigger than Israel. The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. The farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 branded cattle.
Jessica Silva stabbed her ice-addicted partner James Polkinghorne five times with a kitchen knife on Mothers Day in 2012. She told 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed him 'I would have been dead' She has visited his father to explain to him why she had to kill his son. He reassured her that he holds 'no anger' and 'no hatred' Ms Silva escaped a jail term after the judge found the killing was done in the most 'extreme circumstances'
Michelle Obama and her mother, Marian Robinson, dined at Lupa restaurant in New York's Greenwich Village on Saturday. The two enjoyed a sumptuous five-course Italian lunch at the restaurant, before getting into a waiting SUV. Owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali was heard telling photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the 'Chef's Roman Tasting Menu'
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur. He originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing the first man, according to a statement filed in court. The man had taken a Greyhound bus from Los Angeles to Atlanta last May 'hoping to rejuvenate his beleaguered acting career'
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison for a £1.8million fraud. He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court' It allowed the fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on March 10 last year. Moore's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone. Judge described the escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage. Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines, but the technology has so far proven difficult. ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX. Reusing the engines will enable ULA to cut launch costs to about $100 million for a medium-lift booster and about $200 million for heavy-lift variants.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger's third daughter Rana was stillborn in 2012. A coroner found that the care given by the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. The midwife changed her statement about the events of the evening, including the time of Rana's birth and whether the baby had exhibited signs of life. The couple have spoken out against the coroner's report which blames their midwife. They claim that it was very clear from the moment she was born that she had died.
Second children are left with hand-me-downs, and around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life. Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then as well as having a poorer record of their upbringing. Over eight out of ten mums say they have a memento of their first child, such as a lock of hair, a video of the first step, or the first drawing. Less than one in four have a keepsake of their second.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was fatally wounded in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas. She had been trying to aid two women who approached her in the street. The women told police they were afraid of two men in a car down the street and asked to use Ms Cassidy's phone to call for help. A white, two door car with several occupants fired several rounds, striking Ms Cassidy but not the two women, before it sped off. Ms Cassidy died in hospital shortly afterwards.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down at the back of the Herbs n Spice takeaway. Emergency services found Mr Sultan, who lived in Sunderland, with a gunshot wound. He was pronounced dead at the scene in South Shields last night. Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area. Today there is a heavy police presence on Lake Avenue with the lane behind the takeaway completely taped off.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean. The holiday industry is recovering, and expanding with a crop of smart new hotels. The island's unique subspecies of elephants are a vestige of ancient Sri Lanka. Sigiriya is an ancient palace located in the central Matale District near the town of Dambulla.
While travelling the world can cost a lot of money, there are some ways to do it for free, or at leas ton a very tight budget. House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. Cruise ship workers can see the world, but should be prepared for long periods at sea and long hours of work. Volunteers can travel to impoverished countries where help is desperately needed.
The bride-to-be was spotted cheering on her fiancé Andy Murray yesterday as he battled Novak Djokovic in the men's final at the Miami Open. The 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding on April 11. Kim opted for one of her go-to brands, Whistles for the V-neck, short-sleeved dress.
Two women and two men held at Manchester Airport this morning. They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They included Waheed Ahmed, the 21-year-old son of a Labour councillor. The four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11, have also been flown back.
The University of Wisconsin Badgers defeated the University of Kentucky Wildcats 71-64 in Saturday night's NCAA tournament semi-final game. The Badgers will now face off against Duke in the final on Monday - the school's first final since 1941. While the Badgers were still celebrating on the court Saturday night, a huge crowd gathered to vent the loss. Pictures of the anti-celebration showed a crowd of more than a thousand people in blue and white setting fires on State Street. Throughout the night, police in riot gear arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. Another three people were taken to the
A'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday. James Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. His crimes span a period of 50 years. Police know of at least five other girls Tingly abused but they believe there may be more. 'The only money we should waste on you is the cost of a bullet,' Jackson County Chief Circuit Judge Thomas Wilson said.
A fundraising page to support the families of Mai Mach, 60, and her grandson Alistair Mach, four, has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week. Mai Mach was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson, Alistair, 4, was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed. Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. She appeared at Melbourne Magistrates Court on Thursday and was remanded in custody.
Keir Starmer was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into tabloid journalists. He pushed the use of an almost unheard of 13th century law to go after journalists for what amounted to them simply doing their jobs of informing the public. Despite the best efforts of prosecutors and millions of pounds of public money, juries have almost universally refused to convict.
Alan Davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years. He said: 'The modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago  not consistently so, anyway' With just two million listeners, Radio 3 is the least listened to of the BBC's main stations.
WARNING: GRAPHIC FOOTAGE. Officer Michael Rapiejko overtakes colleague's car in Marana, Arizona. He then speeds straight toward alleged armed robber Mario Valencia. Seconds later, Rapiejo's car mounts curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Valencia was rushed to hospital in serious condition and later booked into jail. Police have since spoken out in defense of officer's actions in town of Marana.
Houston owner Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of '370H55V' license plate. Texan Department for Motor Vehicles saw it spelled 'A**HOLE' upside-down. authority has written Mr Hassan a letter explaining that the license plate would be cancelled in a month.
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought shed never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the pup's rescue on local news. She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups. Nina Louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health.
Angela Merkel and husband Joachim Sauer have been spending Easter on the small island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean. The couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island. Due to the lack of sunshine, Mrs Merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges, and instead been enjoying Pilates classes.
Mei Ru, 50, and husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China. She parked the car and Mr Ming climbed out the passenger side. Thinking his wife had stopped, he stood behind the vehicle just as she reversed, knocking him to the ground. CCTV footage then shows Mrs Ru backing up over his body as concerned passers-by rush over to held the couple. He was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him, but he later died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982. Prince Charles was its first member. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry. But attempts to cash in on this elite status have been scuppered by the European Court after objections from the Beverly Hills Polo Club. The club had applied to register its polo player logo on four classes of item including glasses, watches and jewellery.
Half of voters agree with Ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free HIV treatment, a poll suggests. Nigel Farage caused controversy at the televised leaders debate last week by attacking the high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers not born in Britain. Ed Miliband said his comments were disgusting, Nick Clegg said they were 'politics of the lowest form' and chancellor George Osborne said he was not going to dignify that with a response
Britons apparently spend £815m a year to social media proof their wardrobe. Almost a fifth said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online. Men spend an average of £61 to safe-guard against this modern day anxiety, as opposed to womens £53.50.
Charles Collins, 28, was walking ahead of Alfred McNamee when he lost his footing and fell onto electrified subway tracks in Philadelphia. He turned around and jumped onto the tracks after him, pulling him to safety. Collins has been praised for his bravery, but insists that he is 'not a hero' Mc namee broke his back and several ribs, shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen in the fall.
Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's Miss BumBum competition. Indianara Carvalho, 23, posted picture of her naked body painted with Virgin Mary. She wrote: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' Ms Alende said: 'I've always known the woman is an attention-seeking sl*t' She said she had also been asked to do the photoshoot but refused.
Gary Saurage, 45, runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas. He was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator. The beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. She claimed to have dental training in her native Albania but authorities said she had no license in the U.S.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. The family were airlifted to separate hospitals in Philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were  in critical condition. On Friday the US Environmental Protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying'
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, study found. It can increase the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination. Changes in brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling, said Dr Urho Kujala, of the University of Jyvaskyla.
Wedding season is fast upon us, but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. From scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be.
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne told MailOnline about requests. One customer requested a horse and carriage on stand-by 24 hours a day. Another asked for six helicopters to be requisitioned so that a long taxi transfer could be avoided. A Chinook - normally used by the military - was specifically asked for, but the type eventually delivered cost £85,000.
Jeremy Clarkson set to appear as guest presenter on Have I Got News For You. It is believed he was booked to appear on the show before he was sacked. He was dropped from Top Gear after a 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon. The 54-year-old punched Mr Tymon in the mouth during a row over a steak. Police have decided not to press charges against the TV presenter.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative. Not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards which were held at Hamilton Live in Washington, D.C.
Kimm Hang, 22, is the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The Brisbane-based designer is heavily influenced by his Cambodian heritage. He is committed to looking after workers in his family's home country, and ethically producing his products. His collection HAN featured brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford. The clip, uploaded to YouTube, looks to have been taken after Sunday's Manchester derby which United won 4-2. It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. A host of United greats, including Duncan Edwards, Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne, died following the disaster. Among the dead was former City goalkeeper Frank Swift.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. She asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love. The series of staged performances by different women are enacted to show an intimate moment of adjustment.
Polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead. They are threatening to all but wipe out Labour north of the border. But Ed Miliband yesterday refused to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the SNP if its MPs hold the balance of power for the first time.
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. Sufferers are often consumed by a need to be clean, before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen. The next stage sees sufferers overcome by the need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible, religious hymns or spirituals.
Tracy Spraggins, 39, has suffered from Lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease, since she was six. In 2013, doctors said she would need a kidney transplant to survive. On the transplant list, she would have had to wait seven years. PJ, a self-employed musician from Birmingham, Alabama, was told he was a perfect match for his wife, but his size meant the operation couldn't go ahead. He lost 145lbs in a year and the pair went under the knife together in February.
Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game. Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems. Manziel finally re-emerged on the weekend after checking into a facility on January 28 stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammates'
Yin Yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes as well as about 1,000 dumplings. The devoted husband is worried that his wife would be eating instant noodles all the time so he cooked different types of dishes and put them into small foam containers to be frozen.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p. The shares are one of the most popular in the UK due to the hugely successful Tell Sid advertising campaign when British Gas was privatised. Rise came after the oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in a £47billion deal.
The fire broke out in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin near Norco and Corona, California. It was sparked by a cooking stove. Hundreds of people were forced to evacuate their homes. The fire was contained by midday Sunday. No injuries or property damage have been reported.
Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look like fancy gastronomic creations. Not only are the plates artistically manufactured, but they come with equally pretentious captions.
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous in a tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. Accessorised her look with a black tote, £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses. Just last week, Pippa was positively glowing in a tailored plum dress at the Spectator's annual party.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival. The 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday. Mr Baggaley was already on strict bail conditions, including a 9pm curfew, while he was awaiting sentencing for two serious drug manufacturing charges. The fallen athlete has pleaded guilty to drug manufacturing linked with a Tweed Heads drug ring.
Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon, was bulldozed in June 2013. In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b. The two identical houses come with a garden, shed and new solar panels on the roof. Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out. Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at Jerusalem's Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial, parliament and elsewhere. Until sundown, radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China. She is recovering from emergency surgery to repair her mauled face. Her mother, Ms Li, said she and her husband had left her alone to work in nearby fields. But she returned home after just ten minutes to find her daughter had been dragged from her bed by a stray.
Aubrey de Grey, 51, says ageing is a 'disease that can and should be cured' Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist's theories have gained him high-profile supporters in Silicon Valley. PayPal boss Peter Thiel (worth £1.5 billion) donated £2.4 million to de Grey's anti-ageing institute Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence.
The Flashgap app is free for iOS and Android devices. Photos and videos taken on the app disappear after three seconds. They are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day. All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos they took themselves. Any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users' accounts.
Hercules and Leo are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus. The decision by New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans. A Stony Brook University representative have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to a petition by the Nonhuman Rights Project. The group argue that the chimps should be set free and moved to a sanctuary.
Delroy Facey, 34, denies conspiracy to commit bribery at Birmingham Crown Court. Ex-Bolton Wanderers striker also played for West Bromwich Albion and Hull City. He is standing trial alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu, who also denies the charges. The pair are accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league matches.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston. She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. The culprit Jordan Goode, also aged 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly. Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye.
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out in Holmfirth, Yorkshire. She stopped to remove a bike from the middle of the road when she was attacked. A man smashed down her car window with a glass bottle while she was in traffic. The impact caused glass to shatter all over her, leaving her with deep cuts. The glass bottle even became embedded in her neck. She was rushed to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent surgery. She has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder, neck, nose and mouth. Her mother said she can no longer smile because of the
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross Mediterranean. More than 500 migrants had already died crossing the Mediterranean so far this year. The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480, from more than 40 boats. In February, more than 300 people drowned while attempting the crossing.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. Her twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. The infection had eaten all the tissue in Mason's chest and abdomen, leaving him fighting for his life.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a domestic argument. Deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 Gordon Drive in the Bear Creek Meadows subdivision. Beaudion allegedly pulled out a 99m handgun on his son and shot him twice in the back. An infant was also present in the house at the time but escaped unharmed.
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy. He was seemingly oblivious to the message on the shirt and the large arrow. Picture was shared thousands of times on social media networks in the country. It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi.
Christopher Eccleston played the Doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005. The 51-year-old actor grew up in Manchester and was brought up in Salford. He proved a huge hit with fans, but only stayed for one run after falling out with then show boss Russell T Davies.
A man believed to be impersonating as an Army Infantry is captured in an emotionally-charged video with two men angry that he appears to be a phony in uniform without a name tape. Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. In the footage, a young man is seen on camera asking the alleged fake service member, a series of questions including where he did his basic and boot camp training. Following a commotion, the encounter gets increasingly tense as they begin raising their voices and shouting expletives at each other
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. Here, in the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found. It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London. Robbers are believed to have spent several weeks tunnelling 100ft underground, before drilling through 3ft of concrete walls.
A two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge, officials said. The toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on Saturday around 3pm. The child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He is listed in stable condition after being taken to MetroHealth Medical Center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps.
Peter Hamilton was walking his dog in Toronto when he heard woman's cries. She was bound by handcuffs, badly bruised and naked from waist down. She told him her kidnapper was still inside, but had fallen asleep. Mr Hamilton wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home. He had to take out the only item he had on him - his nail clippers. Police claim Rejean Hermel Perron held the alleged victim at gunpoint. He is then said to have held the woman for five days, subjecting her to sexual assaults.
Dmitri Kovtun insists he was not involved in Litvinenko's death. Former KGB agent says he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it by Kovtun and Lugovoi, as has been previously claimed. Kovtun has agreed to give evidence at inquiry as long as he is given right to examine secret evidence put forward by police.
The freshmen students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity. In order to avoid being dazzled by the sunshine a regular radio announcement ordered pupils to turn their chairs and desks collectively from time to time.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry. The journalist went undercover to meet with one surrogacy agent who claimed that she could get her a Caucasian baby in two to three months. The agent then tried to convince Gianna and her team to buy the baby that they had brought with them to the restaurant.
Opened in 1818, the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of Stafford in the West Midlands. It closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments. Parts of the building will have to be demolished as they are beyond repair but the main structure is to be converted into apartments.
Colin Cromie told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break. But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured. Mr Cromie, 49, became increasingly hostile and unfriendly, tribunal heard. He would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' Miss Grogan was awarded £16,500 compensation for dismissal and 'hurt feelings' as well as back pay.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening. An arrest warrant alleges that he grabbed his wife's arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' He is also accused of threatening to kill her, himself and her family during the incident  threats he is accused of having made previously. In the aftermath of that statement, it emerged that Griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verbally abusing her as well as photographic evidence of possible domestic abuse.
Victorino Chua, 49, denies murdering three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital. He is also accused of poisoning 18 others at the Stockport hospital in 2011 and 2012. Chua's barrister Peter Griffiths QC asked him specific questions about charges. He said: 'My first question to you is did you ever at any time contaminate any medical product with any insulin?' Chua replied: 'No sir'
Sue Perkins was bookmakers' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. Last week, a flurry of bets propelled her to the top spot for the now-vacant position. But the TV personality announced her departure from the social media site this morning. She tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead'
Shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury by the former Labour minister Liam Byrne in 2010, was just a 'jokey note' Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards  and good luck!'
The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting, said Susan Gregg, a spokeswoman for Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30pm Thursday, Kent police spokeswoman Melanie Robinson said. Robinson said the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off, but police did not give details on the possible conflict between the people in both vehicles.
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. When paramedics arrived at the Sacramento home, the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns. The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds. Wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution, disorderly conduct, and domestic violence.
Nina Anderson, 78, was home alone when burglar broke in to her home. Gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom. Great-grandmother searched pawn shops near her house in Portsmouth, Hampshire. Spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a Cash and Cheque Express. Her actions, which echo those of Miss Marple, led to arrest of burglar. Martin Campbell, 28, jailed for three years at Portsmouth Crown Court.
Australian PM Tony Abbott said EU should 'urgently' follow his lead. His hardline policy has proved controversial but Mr Abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized on Saturday night. EU leaders including David Cameron are meeting tomorrow in what charities are calling a 'life or death' summit to solve the problem.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the tidal wave of guff in classrooms. These missives in mediocrity often tell pupils to live your dream and you can do it He argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils confidence by teaching them well.
Gold Coast personal trainer Ashy Bines upset her followers when she mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $US49,500 - ten times it's real $USD4950 price. 'It was meant to be 10% of the price, but there was an extra zero on the end,' Ms Bines said. The real price of the yearlong program is $4,950. 'This caused a lot of girls to be very angry and upset with me which is the last thing I ever want,' she said.
Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone in the last year. The reality TV star has come under fire for being too thin. Her co-stars Vicky Pattison, Holly Hagan, and Marnie Simpson have also lost weight. Dr Marilyn Glenville says there is a lot of pressure on women in the media to stay thin.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen. Everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots. The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s. They are due to go up for auction in Cirencester tomorrow.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him. Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay, the dentist said. She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not have the procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. The CDC report, released on Thursday, is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools, both public and private.
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years. Stephanie March is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup, according to TMZ. The Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress are said to be fighting over property already. The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce.
Group accused of filming attacks and then demanding money to keep it secret. One teenager told police he was beaten up in church car park after dark. He thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on the internet. But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile.
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois on Thursday around 9am. Since Tuesday, police were looking for Chiles in connection to the killing of Archie Brown Jr and 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles. Brown struck and killed his nephew Damani Terry after he darted into the street in front of Brown's van on Sunday evening. While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and Damani's brother, Rasheed, who later died.
Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile by her owner for a fishing trip. The alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water at the park's boat launch. The dog was from Mobile's Midtown section and viewed as a 'neighborhood dog' Local resident Nicole Lavirriere said 'Mavis was a lot like my dog'
The 'goblins' are scientifically known as 'hoodoos' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone. They have been created by gradual erosion of Entrada sandstone over millions of years. Once known as the Mushroom Valley, the area was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle.
Sophie English was born at the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. There has been very little information to help Ms English find her birth mother who made the heartbreaking decision to give her up. For more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. She was finally given a chance to find closure with ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara who travelled with her to Vietnam in search of answers.
LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. This lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room, for example. Microsoft's Kinect uses similar technology, as does Intel's RealSense 3D camera. Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
Liya Kebede, 39, fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue. Last black woman to cover Vogue was Rose Cordero in March 2010. In January, Jourdan Dunn became the first black model to cover British Vogue in 12 years. American Vogue featured more black cover stars in 2014 than it ever has before.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their leafy village - and branded them the 'neighbours from hell' Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the Court of Appeal. But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court.
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings. It was built in 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster. The super-wealthy land owner would spend his summers at the property with the fashion designer, with whom he had an affair between 1923 and 1929. Former Prime Minister Winston Churchill also stayed there while recuperating from illness. But the years and the harsh weather hasn't been kind to the estate
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year. He was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released. On Monday, his lawyer Leila Ahsan detailed the four serious offences her client faces, in a decision branded absurd Monday by the White House and the newspaper. He stands accused of gathering classified information and of disseminating propaganda against the Islamic republic.
Indian Creek Island Road, the most exclusive area in Miami, boasts a median house price of $21.48million. The area's tiny population of 86 includes four of Americas top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson.
Finley Lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia - which means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. It left the boy, from Wallasey, Merseyside, unable to walk and talk, and with a 90 per cent chance of developing Epilepsy. But the five-year-old amazed mother Sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school.
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants. He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in boats launched from Libya.
The U.S. Bureau of Land Management in Missoula is offering free food, housing and a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator. Garnet was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver, but it was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. Local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents, with visitors saying they heard music and laughter, even in winter, and the sound of doors slamming.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. In 2008, the brothel's owner Tang became the first person to be found guilty under Australia's sexual servitude laws for forcing the Thai women to work at Club 417. Tang was sentenced to 10 years behind bars.
Body of Charmain Adusah, 41, was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. Her husband, Eric Isaiah Adusahs, is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. He is being held in police custody in the African country on suspicion of murdering the former NHS radiography assistant.
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping a 16-year-old girl. He was released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was him. The incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in Times Square, amid claims of sexual harassment.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce. It means an extra £2,100 a year  £17,800 rather than £15,700  to anyone who has kept their marriage intact. One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a job. She said she was told the story by New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin. But Martin revealed the story was false, because Silverman had been paid less purely because she appeared as a guest on the show and wasn't meant to receive anything. Silverman has since publicly apologized to Martin and revealed she fabricated the story. But she stressed that critics should not use the story to undermine the gender pay gap campaign.
Labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner lips of the vagina - have risen five-fold in the past 10 years, with more than 2,000 operations performed on the NHS in 2010. The trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period. Experts at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists at the World Congress in Brisbane, have called for more research to better understand women's motivations.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the ITV talent show. For the first time producers have held auditions at dozens of secondary schools and colleges around the UK for the new series. The move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions.
Kim, 34, reveals what she eats in an extract from her book Selfish. She changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist. Celebrity dieters include Beyonce and Jay Z and Gwyneth Paltrow. Madonna follows a strict macrobiotic diet and drinks three litres of water.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing on Friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. His parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm. More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday. However at 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen. The quarry had been abandoned for years. Police do not believe the death was suspicious.
Christy, 46, is gearing up for the London marathon on 26 April. She suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace, now 11, in 2003. Her experience inspired her to launch Every Mother Counts in 2010. She now runs marathons in aid of the organisation.
Hannah Overton, 37, will not be tried on murder charges again in the death of her adopted son, Andrew Burd. In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction in the 2006 salt poisoning death of the 4-year-old foster son. On a fateful day in October 2006, Burd started acting up and then vomited, telling Overton that he didn't feel well. When he said he felt cold, he took a warm bath but as his symptoms worsened, the Overtons took him to the Corpus Christi hospital for treatment. He died a day later from
Fishermen spent £9 on silicone glue to hold DIY rowing boat together. Amazingly the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish. But they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to call 999. A lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket, and one unable to swim.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop up David Cameron. Mr Clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the Tories agreed new taxes on the rich. But the Deputy Prime Minister defended his record in government with Mr Cameron. He accused the Tories of lashing out at Labour because they knew they could not win the election.
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20lbs in a month. He is working with a mental health therapist, a physical therapist, and a nutritionist to lose weight and recover from myriad health problems. But he is still determined to lose over 300lbs the old-fashioned way, rather than go under the knife.
The FBI have recovered one of the gold bars stolen in a $5 million armored truck robbery in North Carolina last month. Investigators say the location the bar was found - somewhere in South Florida - has provided them with a big break in the case. The highway heist occurred on March 1 in Wilson County, almost halfway into the truck's journey from Miami to Boston. Police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company TransValue - pulled over when one of two armed guards on board 'felt sick' The guards said that after the vehicle stopped they were approached by
England drew 2-2 with Norway in their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier in Belfast on Saturday. Referee Marija Kurtes awarded England a penalty in the 96th minute after team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box. Instead of ordering a retake, Kurtes gave Norway a free-kick and the match was replayed five days later. Arsenal's Leah Williamson stepped up to take the spot-kick in the 18-second rematch on Thursday night. She found the net in the same way as she did last Saturday to secure a place in this summer's finals in Israel.
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil. The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family but has also vowed to continue working in the industry.
Police raided Alan Greaves's home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013. Forensic examination of the abuse images found almost 700 were of the most serious category, with a further 872 at the next level. Burnley Crown Court heard there were also 17,821 other indecent images with 106 movies. Greaves claimed he was conducting an investigation on the 'Illuminati' He believed the group 'disseminates' such material and that is how images ended up on his computer.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the lunch club at Coningsby Community Hall in Lincolnshire. The 67-year-old was seen arriving there yesterday morning, just days after her husband Richard stunned her with the news they had won £53million. At first she said she thought her husband was playing an April Fools' Day prank, she said at the time.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday. He has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor. He also has an elected seat on the Manchester school board. Ayotte said she was'shocked and deeply saddened' by the arrest.
Jason Lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. The assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a hysterical state she was unable to talk. Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene: 'We're good, you can go' Lee has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and could face 25 years
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina. The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic. Police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested.
Economists Olivier Marie from the Dutch University and Ulf Zölitz of IZA made their findings based on what happened in Maastricht in 2011. The temporary prohibition constrained consumption amongst the non-German, Dutch and Belgian nationals and their brain function improved. For those courses numerical skills the policy effect was five times larger
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942. It was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena, taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. Long assumed that the vessel's cargo, belonging to the UK Treasury, would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts. That was until a team led by British expert John Kingsford used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar and robotics.
New Channel 4 series shines a light on the UK's billion-pound supercar industry. Some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year. A standard supercar can cost around £250,000, with the exterior paint alone costing up to £10,000.
Violeta Tupuola has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions. In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck. The craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Jenner's famous plump lips. The reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or shot glass. It works by way of the airlock created in
Lord Janner was one of the most prominent Labour politicians of his time. He was MP for Leicester West (1970-97) and former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews. Detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by Janner in their youth. But the evidence will never be tested in court after Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, ruled that it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer on trial.
Chris Appleton has been working with natural brunette Rita, 24, for the past two years. According to Chris, Rita's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks, a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently. Chris insists that the singer isn't planning to follow in Kim Kardashian's footsteps and make a change to brunette any time soon.
Little Stella Schaefer is being cared for in prison by Mack, 19. She allegedly murdered her socialite mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack. Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, are accused of murder. A blanket fell away, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time.
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in the accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years - and one even had a son with him. The women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he was injured.
Four-vehicle pile-up happened in Goodge Street, central London. Two people were treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash. Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath of the crash on camera. He said it involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes and two Routemasters.
Lamborghini Gallardo crashed into a tree and a bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire. One of the rear wheels of the supercar flew off and narrowly missed a man walking his granddaughter home from school. Onlookers claim the driver of the 202mph car laughed and said he would buy another one tomorrow.
Natasha Hope-Simpson, from Nova Scotia, Canada, has a prosthetic leg that helps her walk. She became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. Despite receiving weekly angry notes on her windshield scolding her for parking in a handicap space, she said she felt flattered that someone mistook her for someone who could walk normally.
The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am. 'During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money,' said Newark police spokesman Sgt. Ronald Glover. The victim said he pulled $3,200 cash from his pocket and DMX grabbed it out of his hand.
Al Pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet. The unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a Cambridge-based tour operator ahead of Pacinos three-city speaking tour in the UK and Ireland. Event Travel declined to say whether anyone has paid for a spot on the private jet, which will fly from Glasgow to London. Most commercial flights on the same route last roughly 80 minutes.
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect. He endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma, 21, and Craig, 28, to tie the knot. Despite getting engaged three years ago, his ill health put their plans on hold. Staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside, including getting the Archbishop of Canterbury's permission.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland. The 60-foot boat's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident. Last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down by a Russian submarine off the Scottish coast.
Three booked passengers arrested for being drunk and disorderly. Two 49-year-old women and a 23- year-old man were removed from the plane. Bristol Airport confirmed that the drunk passengers' actions caused further delays to the Ryanair flight from Bristol to Faro. Ryanair: 'We will not tolerate unruly or disruptive behaviour at any time'
Thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store. He picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor like a snake to avoid triggering infrared security beams. Wearing a dark hooded jacket, jeans and Nike trainers, he stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a waiting 4x4.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. There was no sign of forced entry at her home and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions regarding her disappearance. The mother-of-three is described as being Caucasian, with a fair complexion, short blond hair and medium build.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year. Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six. 'I always see these men drinking alcohol and smoking and sleeping on the park benches. Its an infestation,' resident Erika Halcin, 36,
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Law & Order: SVU star Stephanie March, TMZ reported on Friday. The Food Network standout is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. The couple has secured their own attorneys and are discussing the terms of divorce, according to the news site.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn. One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and  it prompted the officers to fire. Nicholson was standing next to the unidentified teenager who was holding the replica of the gun. The gun had an orange tip indicating that it was fake. Nicholson and his friend Jason Huerta are suing the city of Los Angeles for $20 million.
Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment. Video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market. The toddler is approached by a man believed to be his father who hits him in the face. The man then is then shown aggressively yanking up the toddler by his shirt. A pregnant woman, can be seen coming and taking the distraught boy away. The child appears to leave the store crying and covering his face.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month. Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs. The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, he said. Bradley allegedly told detectives during questioning that she had whipped the toddler with a belt and failed to seek medical help for her after Glen was dropped on her head.
Female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure at Ryemarket Shopping Centre, Stourbridge. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama, reaching into the woman's handbag and stealing £60 cash. Detectives have released CCTV image of a woman they want to trace.
Edwin Mee, 46, is accused of abusing his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011. Mee told jurors about his military career, and firmly denied the allegations. He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar.
BBC boss Danny Cohen wants sci-fi series to be turned into a big-budget film. But emails show Doctor Who's creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation. The messages were among 173,000 hacked by North Korea after the firm made The Interview, a comedy about the state.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died in Dungeness Bay. They had been part of a group of seven kayakers on a church trip. But a sudden storm with 35mph winds overturned their boats. They were stranded in the water for one to two hours before they were rescued. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued, remains hospitalized. His condition has improved from critical to serious, his pastor said.
Barry Lyttle, 33, has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm. He will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court. Patrick Lyttle spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross on January 3. Patrick's appearance in court today was his first without wearing a beanie. He appeared in fine health as he and his brother arrived wearing matching suits and shoes.
Jeff McCubbery, 72, from Mandurang and Ian Bullock, 65, from Blackburn devised the plan for Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago. The pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo. But their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to.
The High There! app is  described as the worlds first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts. The network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views. Users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. It deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana in their picture section. Denver-based Founder and CEO, Todd Mitchem, said that the app doesnt encourage the sale of marijuana but is simply a social network.
brass desk lamp used by Florence Nightingale as she wrote about her nursing experiences in the Crimean War is to be sold at auction. The 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall, Derbyshire, on June 26. It was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightedale family at Lea Hurst, near Matlock.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. Officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed, while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way. Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, while around a dozen people were injured.
Royal fans had set up camp outside St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008. Terry Hut, 79, spent 12 days camping outside the Lindo Wing ahead of Prince George's birth. Margaret Tyler, 71, is an avid collector of royal memorabilia worth £10,000. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on 25th April.
Bronze artefacts were found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska. Archaeologists believe they were created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska. Researchers believe those who lived at the Rising Whale site may be part of what scientists call the 'Birnirk' culture. This is a group of people who lived on both sides of the Bering Strait and used skin boats and harpoons to hunt whales.
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother in 2012. Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia. She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti. The sisters were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart. The two eldest girls, Claire and Emily, told 60 Minutes' Tara Brown they had moved on from the ordeal. 'I think they were thinking more about themselves than us, you know,' Claire said.
Lance Futch, 26, thought he was going to meet with a White House official to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the field of solar energy. Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch,  congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker - all of whom were wearing suits and ties. 'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman, referring his dress uniform.
Eight-month-old boy was trapped in Range Rover in Surbiton, south-west London. His mother tried to open the door but keys were locked inside the vehicle. She grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter and called police. PC Resteghini smashed the car's window with his baton to rescue the baby. Temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London yesterday, making it the second hottest day of the year so far. Forecasters said today would be the warmest day for the rest of the month.
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found, North Las Vegas police said. They have been arrested and face child abuse charges. A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge. The couple took five of their children on a trip to Oakland, California, eight months ago. They left behind two daughters - a teen who is Phillips' biological child and Lachau's stepdaughter and a sickly three-year-old toddler.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton in an attempt to rescue his son Amer, who travelled to the Middle East in January last year. The 21-year-old has been fighting for the organisation Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda, who are battling the Islamic State and Syrian forces. His two younger sons were killed fighting Syrian government forces in two separate incidents last year, aged 18 and 17. It is believed he is with his brother Omar in Tripoli, the capital of Libya.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling. After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating. But the pair weren't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby. Without warning the single fox emerged and began to growl and howl at the pair. Wiggling free, the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby. Was confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at Ukip meetings. Said it was because she had spent 'five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in Afghanistan' Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd, leader of Ukips North East Lincolnshire group, launched an investigation.
Four-year-old Austin West passed away last Saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia. Austin's grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandsons final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site. The fake fundraisers have since been deleted from Go FundMe.com, but West says the family are still in desperate financial straits and are in urgent need
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey braved Taliban fire to rescue wounded comrade. 27-year-old is second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration for valour - a cousin was given the honour 70 years ago. It is just the sixth time the Queen has given a VC to a living, British recipient during her reign. He said he was 'uncomfortable' about being singled out ahead of others.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, infuriated daughter Marine, 46, with anti-Semitic remarks. He called Holocaust 'a detail of history' and praised France's wartime leader Marshal Petain, who collaborated with Hitler. His 46-year-old daughter reacted furiously, saying she would oppose his candidacy in regional elections in December and accusing him of political suicide Now Mr Le Pen has said he will not stand in the south-east Provence-Alpes-Cote dAzur region even though I think I am the best candidate
Measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that is about as loud as a school cafeteria. It also wouldn't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph, in case the hand-dryer manufacturer doesn't label the decibel level.
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated's swimsuit issue. The Nebraska native is one of the stars of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign. Her lingerie line for Addition Elle includes bras in sizes from DD to H and underwear in sizes XL to 3X.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need. But they say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right. Still, they have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets aged between 15 and 25. Southwark Crown Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas, who he isolated and 'kept' to himself so he could sexually abuse them. Many of his vulnerable victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands. One of the women, a virgin in her early 20s, fell pregnant when Mee raped her in a locked waiting room, jurors were told.
The unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit. She demands a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, and a $7.99 Cheerios book. She also asks that the gifts do not have her son's name on them, claiming that personalised goods attract kidnappers.
The divorce petition was filed in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where Hamilton played five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. Hamilton, 33, married his wife Katie in 2004 and the couple have four daughters. Katie will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer. Hamilton is not allowed to see the girls without supervision, according to court records.
Fidel Castro was last seen in public in January 2014 at the inauguration of an artist's studio in Havana. On Friday, state-run Cubadebate published photos of him shaking hands with Venezuelans visiting the capital for solidarity events. It is his first public appearance since a landmark deal to reestablish ties between the US and Cuba earlier this year.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary at Birkhall in Deeside. The intimate shot was taken in the run-up to last month's visit to the U.S. and was released by Clarence House today. Charles and Camilla finally married following a relationship spanning 35 years in a relatively quiet civil ceremony at the Windsor Guildhall in 2005.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night. The 67-year-old French native said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that accompanied it. He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead and was trying to make a complaint about it. Mr Thibaux said he was'very sorry' to have disturbed the show, which finished at 7pm. He was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community.
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of bride-to-be Stephanie Scott. He was arrested at his Leeton home on Wednesday night after police discovered discrepancies in his alibi. Police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner's Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys thought to belong to Ms Scott inside the property itself. The Stanford family have lived at the property, which is on the market for $179,000, for 'around 13 months' Neighbours said they would regularly chat to the 'beautifully manner' but quiet
Thousands of protesters met in the capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol after senior government officials said they would 'consider it' The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year with most of the victims, high school students. A total of 295 bodies were recovered from the ferry, and nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior.
Until two years ago, Roxy Wallace was a bodyguard called Bob. He lived a reclusive life, plagued by depression. Condition made it impossible to have meaningful relationship with son William. Roxy, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman. She told her wife Jo, 44, about her feelings in October 2013. With Jo's full support, she started on the journey of gender reassignment. She hopes to have full surgery this year and is now happier than ever.
The family of 81-year-old Larry Upright added the political message to the obituary announcing the Kannapolis man's death and burial this week. 'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter Jill McLain. Meanwhile, a group of Nevada sex workers have come out in favor of the Democratic contender.
Viv Nicholson and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. She announced that her life from now on would emphatically be neither sensible nor boring. The story of Viv Nicholson is an exuberant lesson in what happens when you ignore all the advice and just blow the lot.
Paul Tudor Jones II, the billionaire founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach last week. The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access. The hefty purchase came days after Jones, 60, warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out TED talk in Canada.
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on January 28. The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20. According to ESPN, Manziel was 'doing great' in rehab, and had the full support of his team. This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was running the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon with two cyclists when she got lost. She was so far ahead of the pack it wasn't clear to her which way she was meant to go. She ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that wasn't even on the course. After working out her timings and distances she still managed to cross the line well ahead of her closest rival.
Customs officials found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs, two monkeys and even a suspected leopard cub. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal. The menagerie came to light when customs officials at Domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to an unnamed female passenger.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business in Grandville, Michigan. 'I would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons,' he wrote. 'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he added. Critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters who were taken from the home in Belfast to London in the 1970s. Once in the capital, they were allegedly molested by politicians and other Establishment figures at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House. Mr Kerr told how he suffered abuse at Kincora childrens home, where victims have accused MI5 of blocking police inquiries.
Tibor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete. The father and his daughter were treated at the scene for minor injuries.
The chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank. It was found bobbing on the surface of the Atlantic by the crew of the Mackay-Bennett. Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur. It has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector.
A dog on death row will for the first time in history have its case heard in the High Court of Australia. Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her owner Tania Isbester's backyard in The Basin, east Melbourne, Victoria. The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm to her finger on August 4 in 2012, which is deemed as a'serious injury' under the Domestic Animal Act in Victorian law. The dog has been housed by the RSPCA since it was seized two years ago, sparking a lengthy legal
Prince Harry is taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. The 30-year-old took to the air in the Royal Australian Air Forces Tiger assault helicopter, which is similar to the Apache the Prince flew in combat sorties against the Taliban in Afghanistan in 2012. Harry's participation in the exercises follows his visit to the remote Kununurra region of Western Australia.
Kyle Schwartz, a third-grade teacher in Denver, Colorado, has sparked a sensation on Twitter, after asking her students to open up about their personal struggles. Last month, Schwartz devised a lesson plan called 'I wish my teacher knew...' She asked all for he children to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation. The first note that Schwartz shared on twitter was from a student who said they didn't have pencils at home to do their homework.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. The noncancerous lumps began appearing on his body around puberty and became more severe as he aged. He said he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady.
The drunkards were placed on the 1904 blacklist after four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898. The list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them alcohol. Offenders who were caught drunk and disorderly were ordered to work up to 21 days of 'hard labour' in comparison to today's fixed penalty.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court. They are now appealing to Indonesia's constitutional court. Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair's lawyers as a delay tactic. They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals.
Former star of Strictly Come Dancing left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at their reception in Cromlix House Hotel, following their wedding at Dunblane Cathedral in the afternoon. Mrs Murray, 55, broke with tradition on Saturday by wearing a white coat, the same colour as the stunning Jenny Packham gown worn by bride, Kim Sears.
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, was an Honorary locum consultant at Ipswich Hospital. He punched a patient in the face 'like a boxer' to fix a broken cheekbone. He later wrote the patient's face had been 'digitally manipulated' Prof Peckitt was struck off after a medical hearing in Manchester. Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service found his fitness to practice was impaired.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off a Internet debate when it announced that it would no longer allow'small screaming children' The Canadian seafood restaurant had said that it was 'an adult themed restaurant that caters to those who enjoy food and are out to enjoy themselves' Commenters began giving the restaurant's Facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant. The restaurant later posted an apology on the page, saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received had prompted him to reconsider his policy.
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, last September. She reportedly tried to reach makeshift roof deck, but fell out of third-story window. Moments later, another teenager heard what'sounded like a thud hitting the ground' MissElbardissy was discovered lying unconscious on floor, with face covered in blood. She was rushed to St Francis Hospital with serious injuries, including brain swelling, a broken skull and pelvis, and lung bruising. Had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking, swallowing food and getting
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years. They bought their home in the quiet Lincolnshire seaside resort of Mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987. They spent two years converting it into their dream home, but it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre. They were targeted on an almost weekly basis, with vandals smashing windows with stones and pelting their home with eggs and golf balls. The pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress.
Reality TV star, 34, was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the Holy Land alongside her husband, rapper Kanye West, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday. Following the outing, Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page, writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city' However, the next day, only Kanye and Mr Bark at were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar. Kim, meanwhile, was obscured by a
Russell Henley tweeted his frustration to United Airlines, who misplaced his golf clubs when he was en route to the Master's tournament this week. Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams joined the ranks of irritated travellers. Naomi Campbell flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane and demanded the captain find them and personally show them to her.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad. Customers who pre-order their Apple Watch can have it shipped for delivery beginning April 24. The watch, when paired with an iPhone, allows users to check email, listen to music and make phone calls.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, 2km south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. A 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was the first patient flown out by rescue helicopter. Six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to Ipswich Hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment. A man has also suffered hand lacerations and two females escaped injuries. The affected stretch of the highway has been closed off, with diversions in place south.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted. Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Hundreds of terrified women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down.
One superyacht owner threw a party with two live tigers, allowing guests to pose for photos with the animals. Fresh fruit and vegetables were flown from the French Riviera to the Maldives. Three 'A-list' musical acts were hired to perform at a private party that took four months to plan. Some owners have built small classrooms within their superachts for their children.
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, is a bodypainter from Hameln, Germany. He uses his skills in a range of creative projects including advertising, corporate events, and TV marketing campaigns. The photoshoots, which take several hours to complete are heavily planned before the artist arrives at the location with the model.
Prime Minister will offer discounts of up to 70 per cent to 1.3million families in housing association properties to buy their home. National Housing Federation said subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8billion and was effectively worth £100,000 to each family who benefited. Chartered Institute of Housing said move would do nothing to tackle the housing crisis and could even make it worse by cutting the number of low-cost social homes available for poor families.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of this northern San Diego County town shortly after 11:30am after a low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. It crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line, dwarfing lifeguard vehicles parked nearby.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' This is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions. Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative events, like making an embarrassing faux pas at the office holiday party. Emotion also increases the strength of our memory over time - a process called consolidation.
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies, as part of the Par 3 Contest. Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown. Vonn's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by Bubba Watson's wife Angie
If you know where to look, how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals. From private islands and Aston Martins to castles and 75ft yachts, TravelMail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire.
Colin Kay was driving his Citroen Picasso on the A586 in Great Eccleston. Toyota Aygo driver pulled in front of him and crashed into his car at 50mph. The 72-year-old was left with bruises and his wife suffered a whiplash injury. Lancashire Police said the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time for prosecution. Mr Kay has taken his case to the IPCC and sent them a copy of the footage.
Just 11 per cent of research funding into the UKs leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia. Outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10 spent on the health and social needs of patients. Amount spent on cancer research is around 13 times higher than dementia, and almost six times more than stroke.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs. Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone. 'Everybody just panicked and started crying,' deli department manager Venanzi Luna said.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, worked at the central bank of the Netherlands for eight years. For the past six of them, she offered sexual services at more than £300 an hour. Identified only by her professional name, she asked clients for requests, saying the kinkier the better The bank confirmed it had fired her over integrity issues
SNP is forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more MPs. Suggests it would hold Ed Miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap Trident. Senior Conservatives warn SNPs threat to veto public spending could even lead to a US-style government shutdown. David Cameron warns idea of SNP holding sway over Labour leader in a hung Parliament is a frightening prospect
The two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them, says the BVA. The BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle. It comes after the Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the Tories win the election.
Tony Blair's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny. Questions raised about why fees are paid by the United Arab Emirates. Former Labour PM last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich' Contract for a year was signed between Columbia's department of national planning, and Windrush No 3 LP, an arm of Mr Blair's business network.
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use. Critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around.
Chelsy Davy, 29, stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for the launch party of London restaurant, The Ivy Chelsea Garden. The Zimbabwean wore a white layered chiffon top, as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles. She paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels, and carried a croc-print foldover clutch bag in a similar shade.
Yaphank, Long Island was once home to a camp for Nazis where like-minded individuals could drink beer and learn about eugenics. Camp Siegfried was founded by the American Nazi group, the German American Bund. The group set up pro-Nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations, teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors. In the years leading to America joining the Allies, the FBI and New York police started to keep an eye on the Bund.
Gareth MacDonald, 30, was killed by his lover Glen Rycroft, 37, in 2007. Rycroft had conned Gareth and his family out of thousands of pounds. He was jailed for life in 2009 and is serving a minimum of 25 years. Gareth's parents Sue and Charlie are still grieving for their son.
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, argued over disputed site. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road. He then cut him off at a junction and blocked him with his van. He got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window. The incident took place around Ridgeway Farm housing development.
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child. It had been nicknamed the 'fat little girl' in the village where it was grown. It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral.
The app, called Eaze, has been dubbed Uber for weed and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver  proving they live in one of the US states where the drug is legal. The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can find the perfect medicine in more states. Users can scroll through cannabis on sale to choose the type they like, whether it claims to stimulate appetite and relieve painý
Lord Forsyth said talking up threat posed by SNP was'short-term and dangerous' Former Scottish Secretary said Labour deal with separatists would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs - as well as another independence referendum. David Cameron yesterday warned prospect of a deal between Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon was 'a match made in hell for the British economy'
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her. Prosecutors said Lee was celebrating his birthday at Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party. The woman, a then-20-year-old Irish student said that once at the house, Lee undressed, forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail.
Denise Fedyszyn, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20st 4lb. She was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters. A fairground worker told the 37-year-old: 'You're too fat to ride, I can't fasten the seatbelt' Denise joined Weightwaters and changed her diet, as well as taking up exercise.
Hilary Mantel has revised the theatrical adaptation of her Tudor novels for a run on Broadway. In preparation, the title of her second book Bring Up the Bodies has been ditched in favour of the simpler 'Wolf Hall II' The plays, produced by the Royal Shakespeare company and London's Playful Productions, will open at the Winter Garden Theatre in Times Square.
Adam Leheup, 34, met the woman on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app. They arranged to meet under the clock on Waterloo Station. They went to Gordon's Wine Bar before returning to her flat in Camden. Lehe up 'insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting: 'No, no' He has pleaded not guilty to raping the woman at Blackfriars Crown Court.
Bilal Skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of Goulburn Correctional Centre on Friday. A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day. He was sentenced to 55 years' jail in 2002 for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. Skaf is not eligible for parole until February 11, 2033.
Samantha, 43, wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by The Fold. Wore it to Conservative Party manifesto launch in Swindon. The mother-of-four is a huge fan of UK-based designers. She sat next to George Osborne and William Hague at event.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, shot dead by husband Eric Heath Price, 25, on Monday. She ran into doctor's office in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' Price then returned to their nearby home and staged a standoff. He was taken to hospital with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head. He has since been charged with the murder of Mrs Price, who was a nursing student. Couple had been in a long-running custody battle over their six-year-old son.
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in a day or two. The product, which retails at £50, is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione. Oz Clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to 'oak age' wine in hours rather than years.
Services by West Coast Railways have been suspended following the incident on March 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal. The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation, indicating the gravity of the incident. WCR, based in Carnforth, Lancashire, owns a fleet of steam locomotives including Olton Hall.
20-year-old British tourist claims she was molested by a taxi driver in Jaipur. The driver, known as Salim, is accused of assaulting the woman on Friday. Rajasthan Police said they had taken statements from the woman and her friend. His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib-Dem grandee in the years before he died. Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith. He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail that the Liberal party offered hush money.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi have had Caesar as a pet for two years. They were trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off. They followed his tracks and found a puddle of blood in the grass. A Natural Resources officer showed up at the couple's door. He said Caesar 'came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace' and that he shot the pig, believing he was a feral animal. The family are now trying to get Caesar's body back.
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options. Google also offers an alternative way to unlock an Android phone - and it involves using your face.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, moved to Bali with husband Paul in 2009. She ate 30 pieces of fruit every day and exercised twice a day. Mother-of-one gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy. Took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone.
Thirty-one people were arrested during protests blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii. Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land. The mountain is said to be visited by the snow goddess Poli'Ahu and a Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction. Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa, who is native Hawaiian, attended protests and posted pictures of himself thrusting his staff in the direction
Archbishop of Brisbane Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly in his calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 24% admit they are online constantly. It also revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families. The survey of teens between the ages of 13 and 17 found that 73 percent had a smartphone and 30 percent had at least a basic cellphone.
Savannah, 43, discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show. The trick involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby's face until the tot nods off. Savannah soon learned that the trick didn't have a calming effect on her energetic infant.
North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades. The population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern European fisheries. Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. Consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s.
Kefalonia was the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin. The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events. In a rare case for Hollywood the film was actually shot in Kefalonian where the book's events took place.
Clair Schuler, who goes by the stage name Cici Ryder, said Robert Durst was fascinated with wigs and make-up. The 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on Galveston Island, on the Texas Gulf Coast and went by the name of Dorothy in the early 2000s. Schuler said Durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts. He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality.
Paul Nuttall appeared in the partys manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses. He was pictured in front of a photoshopped library clutching a vintage book. The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942. The bizarre row capped a day of confusion for Ukip after the party's immigration spokesman appeared to contradict her own border policies. Suzanne Evans said: 'Ukip is not anti-immigration. Immigrants are not the problem'
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, have been charged with child neglect after two of their children told investigators they had been locked in a closet and forced to sleep on the floor. The children, a 17-year-old boy and a girl, said they were never sure how much time had passed because they could not see sunlight from inside the closet. When they were let out, the boy was so hungry that he would eat trash, which sometimes made him sick, and he had to endure beatings at the hands of Hazel. Hazel told detectives that he never noticed the children had any
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was one year old. A desperate search for Luke in the park was mounted after he disappeared from the campground on Friday. The hunt ended on Tuesday when a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to Luke's location. The moment Luke was found was captured on video, he was seen peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer reached him and took his hand.
The ideal dog has the body of a Border Collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. A third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat. Almost half said their ideal dog would be standard-sized like a collie, compared with 36% who preferred smaller lap dogs such as chihuahuas.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years. Public Health and school district officials said they do not have reason to believe her illness poses a risk to other students.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel on April 5 at 6.26am. He then withdrew $800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a Walmart in Rancho Cucamonga. Jones then was seen in surveillance footage at the Walmart on Foothill Boulevard around 8.45am where he purchased items including clothes, a radio, backpack and camping gear. After he left the store, he withdrew another $100 in cash, she told Daily Mail Online. Jones, who owns a pecan business in
Phil Haste was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car. The 60-year-old is now refusing to pay the fine that was issued in a Torquay council car park. The government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year. Mr Haste said it was a 'diabolical' decision to fine him for the offence.
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, also 37, returned to the Omaha, Nebraska home of their mother, a compulsive hoarder, after she died in 2013. They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child. Geoff, a photographer, wanted to picture his son and Jennifer's daughter going about their daily lives among the trash - as they had done years before. But the crumbling house is so unsafe, and their feelings still so raw, that they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto
Iona Costello, 51, and her 14-year-old daughter Emily were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. Mrs Costello's husband George, the co-owner of Costello Marine in Greenport, died from a heart attack in 2012. Police said that they do not expect foul play and
Chlorine gas  carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions  sowed terror and agony for the first time on April 22, 1915. Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home in Overland Park, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook. She has been accused of theft, according to documents filed in Johnson County District Court. Bauer is on house arrest as a condition of bond.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend. The 24-year-old's body was found on a farm north of the city yesterday. A man, believed to be Alexander Pacteau, has been arrested in connection with her death. About 300 people attended a memorial at Glasgow's George Square today. Tearful friends, family and colleagues laid flowers and left messages.
Hengshui No 2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province in central China. With nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers, the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement. Web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building.
Sales of a Burberry poncho carrying a personal monogram and costing more than £1,000 have helped boost profits. The wool-and-cashmere designs were first modelled on the catwalk by Cara Delevingne. Famous names including Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker were all seen sporting the ponchos.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of Tehran's backing of Shiite Houthi fighters. It comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in Yemen. Riyadh has accused Tehran of backing the rebels in a bid to establish a pro-Iran state on its doorstep.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss. Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination. Kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property. The agency revoked Baldwin's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest.
From bargain bath mats and kitchen utensils to fun knick-knacks like silly straws and childrens stick-on jewellery, hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals. A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States by the Ecology Centre found that 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' Australian author and CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies Nicole Bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin.
Robert Denny, 83, has been charged with the murder of two women in Victoria nearly 24 years ago. His wife Margaret Penny was murdered in a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. Also brutally murdered at Old London Coiffure Hairdressers was Claire Acocks. Police launched a cold case investigation into the murders in 2006, and Penny resurfaced as a suspect last year. He was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6.
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. In her statement, Rita explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion and underwent the procedure last week.
The new policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list. In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since September 2001.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs. Miss Murphy is thought to have tried to grab hold of Mr Wood when he stumbled. But she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths at their home in Failsworth. Their bodies were found by paramedics on Wednesday after concerns were raised about their welfare.
The motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver. They then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open. The pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured.
Remains discovered by street cleaners in Trujillo, north-western Peru. Cleaner Otilio Padilla Miramontes, 54, feared he had stumbled across a murder victim. But it turned out to be a stolen, 915-year-old Peruvian mummy. It is thought to have been stolen from an archaeological site in the city.
Joan Ashton, 81, is a resident of Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport. Her son, Steve, visits her regularly and says she is well-looked after. But he found a 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in her room. Mr Ashton is now campaigning for more to be done to improve food standards.
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run. 300 runners were sent on two-mile detour after marshal went to the toilet. They continued past unmanned marshall point and had to run for extra three kilometres. Bournmouth Borough Council has appealed for those affected to contact them.
Wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into four camps. Short, boho, quirky traditional and more. Zeenat Sabvur from wedding planning website Ready or Knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market in West Midlands. He opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990. The venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later. Today, Mr Smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire, which comes complete with its own swimming pool, snooker room and pub. Yet, he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will star in ITV's Newzoids. They will be joined by Prince Harry and the Duchess of Cornwall. The six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney, Beyonce, Harry Styles and The Great British Bake Off's Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry. Sketches set to feature in the opening show include one that sees David Cameron slug it out with Nick Clegg.
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent over the next 12 months. London will fare the worst, with prices actually dropping by 3.6 per cent. It follows last years record price hike of 17.4% in the capital. Economists said housing market had got ahead of itself last year.
HMS Ocean had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year. Eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations. Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea.
'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star announced on Tuesday. 'We are so excited. The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary,' she told People. The announcement does not come as too much of a surprise to fans as in late March an image of the two was uploaded to Facebook that suggested they could be expecting.
Dallas architects Matt Mooney and Michael Gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home. The 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home, dubbed 'PV14,' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower, also built out of the containers. The home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake and downtown Dallas.
DIY kits allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns at home. The kits can cost as little as £5 or even be bought in pound shops. One of the biggest sellers of first aid dental kits is DenTek who sell around 250,000 products a year, although there is no research on how they are used.
KFC's quiz contains a total of 30 questions, which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to'strongly disagree' The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations. Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company. He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process, with employee referrals being 'our number one method of recruitment'
Severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday. The storm was forecast to form between Port Macquarie and Newcastle - thats as about as accurate as they could have predicted. Weather balloons can now only be used in a limited number of places because of budget cuts. Emergency services admitted they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly.
Frank Abagnale worked as a fraudster during his teenaged years in the 1960s. He posed as a doctor, a lecturer, a lawyer and an airline pilot. The conman was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in the 2002 film Catch Me If You Can. However the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the FBI on fraud prevention.
Pippa, 31, was spotted out jogging in London today for the second time this week. Is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton. Showed off her toned legs in tiny shorties by Adidas - the perfect running accomplice.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly stabbing to death 30-year-old David Messerschmitt on February 9. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. The woman has admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale hotel with the intention of robbing him. Gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for Friday, but that has now been rescheduled until May 8.
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near Huizhou City on Friday morning by devastated farmer Mr Zhang. Workers had rushed to clear the lake, using plastic baskets and nets to scoop them out, creating a huge mountain of rotting fish on the shore. Mr Zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser.
Andrew Barr, principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne, was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of Mr Barr's computer, after the photograph appeared on the social media site Snapchat. Mr Barr is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia and previously served 10 years as principal of Scotch Oakburn College.
Former Scottish First Minister hopes to make a return to the Commons as MP for Gordon by ousting the Lib Dems who have held the seat for more than 30 years. Polls suggest Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland, with senior figures including Treasury minister Danny Alexander under threat from a surge in support for the SNP. Alex Salmond has chosen to stand in the Gordon constituency.
Raymond Allen opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe. It is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices. But the 87-year-old said the company has strayed so far from its original concept.
DNA analysis of bones found in a cave in Italy has revealed they belong to a Neanderthal who fell into the cave 128,000 to 187,000 years ago. The bones were found fused to the walls of the cave in Lamalunga, near Altamura, in southern Italy. Over the thousands of years that followed, the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls.
The remains of Friedrich  Branft, 22, make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of Waterloo 200 years ago. After a painstaking process historians identified the man as Friedrich Brandt, 23, a Hanoverian hunchback who trained in the East Sussex resort of Bexhill-on-Sea. Brandt was killed by Napoleons forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs. An estimated 50,000 died at Waterloo with a proportion of the dead burnt and then buried in mass graves.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds. The research was carried out by scientists at the University of South Carolina including biologist Dr Tim Mousseau. They showed that the situation has steadily worsened since the disaster on 11 March 2011.
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall. The jellyfish, which can grow up to six feet and weigh 55lb, were sighted just off Pendennis Point near Falmouth, Cornwall. Experts believe they have been attracted by the warmer waters and a lack of predators in the regions seas.
The xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia. It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. The bacteria causes plants to shrivel, leaving them incapable of bearing fruit. It has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables.
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his string of assaults on six women over 28 years. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words and has destroyed her life. Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings. He prowled the streets of Cambridge and Norwich looking for victims.
Two Britons thought to be among seven people killed in light aircraft crash. Small plane crashed in Punta Cana region of the Caribbean island at 8.15am today. It is believed the pilot was attempting to make an emergency landing. Plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames. Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. They welcomed daughter Willow-Star after surrogate Viktoria Ellis gave birth. Baby number three - known to be a boy - is being carried by Bexs sister-in-law Becky. Mr Harris and Mr Lee will have completed their family of three within seven months.
Seraphine has been the Duchess of Cambridges label of choice during her two pregnancies. The online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. Among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons.
Labour leader insists SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy. Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP support. She demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a Labour government. But Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority.
The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15. Two days earlier, it will be onstage when renowned historian and Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture. The chair has a dark stain on the back, which many visitors believe to be blood from the shooting. But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. The official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were. It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife. His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"' according to police. The mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword. Police say they shot him with an'less lethal impact weapon' because they felt they had to act.
The MV Azores was due to leave Lisbon at 7pm on Tuesday for Bristol. But lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' wrangle. Harbour master then refused to let the ship leave for Bristol and it stayed overnight. Legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise and one of that company's former staff. UK cruise firm eventually came to arrangement with Portugese authorities which allowed the ship to sail - 19 hours late - at 2pm Wednesday.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) She was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. At her heaviest, Susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time. Speaking on the TLC show My 600lb Life, she reveals how the excess flab caused her permanent pain.
The YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week. Research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older, with those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups a week. Youngsters are more likely to turn to a cuppa when they are sad, with nearly a quarter of 18 to 25s saying they put the kettle on.
The mysterious Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists led by Jennifer Trickey of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, in La Jolla, California. They have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that its unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing. There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers, meaning that they are most often identified by their songs. Experts are sure the noise isn
Marilyn Zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her class to write to Mumia Abu-Jamal. The killer collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy. Ms Zunigo has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils. But she said they had wanted to send notes to the former Black Panther. Abu Jamal shot dead Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner in 1981. He was sentenced to life in prison, but this was overturned in 2012.
Bill Dudley has worked at the outlet in Mold, Flintshire, for nine years. The great-grandfather says his job 'helps me stay young and I just keep going' He joined the team after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. The restaurant was adorned with balloons and decorations to mark his birthday.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, inside High Desert State Prison in Indian Springs on November 12 of last year. After the two were left to duke it out, a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row. The blasts killed Perez and left arevalo with wounds to his face, according to the suit.
In a book Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen. He argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons in the satirical magazine were ridiculous demagogues Charb also defends Charlie Hebdo's controversial depictions of the prophet and extremism over the years, which earned it accusations of Islamophobia.
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aboyne, Aberdeenshire. The 22C predicted in the South East on Friday is also better than the 18C forecast in Marbella, 16C in Rhodes and 10C in Istanbul. Defra has issued a warning to asthma sufferers of'very high' air pollution tomorrow.
Governor Mary Fallin signed into law a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death, giving Oklahoma four different ways to enact its death penalty. The method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner's body to die from lack of oxygen. Proponents tout that nitrogen killings will be 'fast and painless' and also say the method is 'foolproof'
More than 4,000 people, including hundreds of school children, lined the streets of Dereham to cheer on the Light Dragoons. The reconnaissance unit is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire, after 15 years in the county. The regiment will hand over the barracks to1st The Queen's Dragoon Guards, in July.
Around 20 million people in the UK are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year, experts told MailOnline. By 2030, Dr Jean Emberlin predicts there will be 31.8 million sufferers as the situation will worsen. Hayfever is an allergic reaction to pollen and spores. It happens when the immune system mistakes these harmless airborne particles to be a danger and launches a defence against them. Symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and itches at the back of the throat.
Aracely Meza, pastor's wife, was arrested on Monday in Balch Springs, Texas. She has been charged with injury to a child by omission and is being held on a $100,000 bond. Police went to a home on March 26 to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' was performed. In the video, Meza is seen next to a man who appears to be her husband Pastor Daniel Meza as she uses oils and prays while trying to bring the boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, back
Police say an inebriated Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station, where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer. Investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air. No one was injured.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus. A suspicious package was found in the Kirner-Johnson building, and K-9 dogs were on scene. Students and staff were asked not to use Martin's Way, but to leave campus via Green Apple Way to the Field House. Shortly before 2pm, the college announced that all classes were cancelled for the day.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League schools. The students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria. Now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming a neurosurgeon.
Sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, has called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' Six years after it was unveiled he has pledged to make a new one for free. A whole host of ugly effigies have made appearances around the world in the form of waxworks, tribute statues and incredibly crude carvings.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over mother Dorothy's affairs. Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for 83-year-old's care. But when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all. Care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police. Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. However, the male chimpanzees tended to capture larger prey and used their hands. Research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt. It suggests that early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey.
Michael Brelo, 31, charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter. Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30, were shot dead in November 2012. Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. He is the only officer charged because he waited until after the initial salvo had ended to reload and discharge the last of the 49 rounds.
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to two misdemeanor counts, knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person. However, he returned to a federal court on Friday to plead guilty. The charges, filed in October 2014, came after a federal investigation into a video that surfaced online in 2013. It appeared to show a paraglider near Utah
Robin Wright won the Best Actress award for her role in House of Cards. She wore a slinky dress from Reem Acra's Fall 2013 collection. The halter neck showed off her toned shoulders while the sparkly sheen worked beautifully against her skin tone and blonde crop.
Advert appears to claim that Italian children prefer happy meals to pizza. Pizza chefs in Italy have described the advert as 'blasphemy' The True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald's of a'shameful' attack. McDonald's claimed that probably all the great chefs in Naples had brought their children to the restaurant chain and they had not meant to attack Italian culture.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store. The franchise allowed hundreds of people to take a look behind the scene of 219 stores and roam from freezer to fryer while watching staff continue their daily cooking and preparation tasks.
The woman in her 30s was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Ever Easter Egg Hunt. She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the young person to 'f*** off' The woman kept denying she was smuggling eggs into additional plastic bags she had brought in. More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday. The egg hunt looks to raise money for Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation, which helps bring awareness of tissue and organ donation to the forefront.
19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of British troops. Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach. The training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents.
Police exhumed the boy's body from his grave in Norfolk last year. A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother. The woman, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide. But the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends.
Huma Abedin and husband Anthony Weiner enjoyed a Mexican lunch at Tortaria off Union Square in New York on Saturday. It is just a few days after Abedin and Hillary Clinton were spotted in an Iowa branch of fast food favorite Chipotle - and Clinton failed to pay a tip. Clinton is not the only presidential hopeful who has been seen tucking into Mexican fast food on the trail. Republican hopeful Marco Rubio has also grabbed a Chipotle lunch.
Lawyers for Robert Durst say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Authorities who arrested Durst in mid-March found $44,000, marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room in New Orleans. They also found maps of Florida and Cuba, leading some to believe he was ready for a life on the run. Durst is being held without bond on the California murder warrant and on state and federal weapons charges in Louisiana.
Molly Schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas on Sunday. She finished her first steak in just four minutes and 18 seconds - beating the previous record she set last year of 4 minutes and 48 seconds. Competitors had an hour to finish their $72 dinners, in order to get them for free, but Schuylers cleaned her plates in a cool 20.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls to their families. Announcement came as a march was held through the Nigerian capital of Abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted. Almost 300 girls were taken away in trucks on the night of April 14 to 15 2014, after the terrorists from Boko Haram broke into their school. The students were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members.
The Crowd Source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by Arthur Syer, a 27-year-old man living in Sydney. The detective camera gave amateur photographers the opportunity to capture the true essence of life on Sydney streets. It was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge. The photographs are very rare and unique because they represent the missing link between the old style tripod photography and Kodak box photography.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest. On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: We dont talk to police! On Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences allegedly committed in the Bacchus Marsh and Ballarat areas' The troubled teenagers Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of bud for cash and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe.
Tommy Thompson, 62, and girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, have admitted contempt of court in Columbus, Ohio. They were arrested in January after U.S. marshals tracked them down to the Boco Raton Hotel in Florida. Thompson is said to be facing no more than two years in custody after he agreed to hand over $435,380 in cash that was found with the couple.
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after the 'childish' argument with his younger sister. Father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. A coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was probably looking for'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row.
Susan Monica, a pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch and dismembering the bodies. Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart. In opening statements, defense lawyer Garren Pedemonte said Monica shot the first victim in self-defense, and the second as a kind of mercy killing.
The first four episodes of season five of Game of Thrones were leaked online on Saturday night. They are titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and The Sons of the Harpy. They had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning, according to piracy-tracking company Excipio. The series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world.
People who have breathing problems while asleep are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions. US researchers results also suggested that the onset of Alzheimers might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems. At least half a million Britons suffer from sleep apnoea, which is most often found in middle-aged, overweight men.
Paramedics found Kyle Hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle, which had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire. The ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property. They returned to find the teenager and the girl lying on top of each other. When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, the teenager said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex' He then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle. H
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France. He was skiing with his mother Ceri and siblings Gerwyn and Antonia. The family, from Talybont-on-Usk, Wales, were enjoying their last run of the holiday when Antonia fell. Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area. His mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return.
Boeing 787-8 was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun. Plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing. Two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behviour.
Since its construction in 1895, Holmesburg Prison housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury. haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens. Nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of the once-overcrowded prison is cracked paint, crumbling hallways and empty cells.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection and before the couple's son had a chance to say goodbye. Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower drain in the room next door to Eileen. Mr Dee is now suing the Brighton and Sussex University Hospitals Trust for clinical negligence.
The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car. Officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door. The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage.
Jade Wimsey would down up to seven cans a day at more than £1.50 a pop. Her fizz addiction caused her weight to rocket to 17st 6lb. The 24-year-old from Yorkshire became the victim of cruel jibes. She is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months.
U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation said that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, it doesn't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans. Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud. His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire in August last year. He sent a text to a relative shortly before the crash saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down' The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text. Investigators found no fault with aircraft and said weather conditions were unlikely to have caused the crash.
Labour leader admits his party has been 'too timid' about immigration. He says for communities to live together they must use a shared language. But the Tories say there is nothing in his plans to reduce immigration. Net migration hit 298,000 in a year, with 1,000 extra staff at ports.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear traditional dress as they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs. He said judges should be'sensitive' to the fact that they usually came from'more privileged sector of society' than many of those facing them. Last year the European Court of Human Rights upheld a ban by France on wearing the Muslim full-face veil, the niqab.
Hillary Clinton's deputy chief of staff was seen leaving a fruit processing company in Norwalk, Iowa, on Wednesday. She had just finished a limited-access 'roundtable' discussion on small business issues. Abedin has known Clinton since 1996, when she scored a White House internship working for the then-first lady. In 2008 Clinton tapped her to be her 'body woman' when she ran for president the first time. Abedin is married to disgraced former New York Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner, whose spectacular fall from grace came after he was exposed for sending lurid Twitter messages to women.
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITVs 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace. For the past two years, under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed what and how she eats. She has dropped a stone in weight and a dress size, gain lean muscle, and have vastly improved energy levels.
Leo Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. Grand picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books. But Grand is still living on the streets, and he said the number one question people ask him is why he's still homeless. He said he plans to move into an apartment after he makes his second app.
FBI agent said Saudi family had'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001' The family of Abdulaziz al-Hijji and his wife Anoud left their 3,300 square foot Florida home in August 2001, but did not take cars, furniture or food from their fridge. Mohamed Atta, the leader of the hijackers, and two other terrorists on the flights, Marwan Al-Shehhi and Ziad Jarrah, were also reported to have visited the Sarasota house. The FBI told the 9-11 Review Commission that the report was 'unsubstant
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to Workplace Relations Productivity Commission. The Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act. Mr Sheldon accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom.
London Mayor was given a big kiss on his right cheek by a particularly enthusiastic voter as he helped colleagues campaign in Ramsgate. As he got in his car later, he was spotted with red lipstick marks on his other cheek. Mr Johnson said he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Mr Farage from winning the target seat of South Thanet. Mr Farage has vowed to quit as Ukip leader if he fails to win the seat.
Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. The 60-year-old is now suing his employer after he was nicknamed 'Hoppy' He claims he was subjected to a tirade of 'horrible harassment' while working at H and G Contracting Services Ltd at Heathrow Airport. Mr Gibson joined the company as plane refueller in December 2007.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agencys MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C. Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean.
wooden chair once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship. Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett.
Chris Rowe was plagued by an irritating cough for six months. Repeated visits to doctors were met with the same conclusion. The 31-year-old was told he was most likely suffering a'simple' virus. But, after noticing a dull ache in his ribs, and coughing up more blood, he was taken to A&E. An X-ray revealed an aggressive form of lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones. He has been told his cancer is inoperable, but is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life. His wife Kate is set to give birth
Bus carrying Fenerbahce players and coaching staff was shot at on Saturday night. Bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital. None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured. Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken  to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. They will feature real-life fitness and social media stars, rather than professional models. The models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim. This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Carwyn Scott-Howell, from Talybont-on-Usk in Wales, died in the Alps. He was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother and headed into dense woodland where he fell over a 164ft drop. Footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body, investigators revealed last night. Carwyn's family said he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment'
Staff heard the baby crying in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province. Workers found the baby girl wrapped in a shirt but still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta. A woman who had been seen visiting the toilet was established to be the mother and was arrested. Yuan Yen, 34, refused to look at her baby or talk to police, who discovered her identity by looking through her purse.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire to attack government. But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Mr Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him.
Crown Princess Mary, 43, visited a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand. She was joined by her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four. The visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations. It came days after royals from around Europe descended on Copenhagen.
FBI chief James Coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness. He said the force depends on its agents ability to 'run, fight and shoot' Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity.
The historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning. Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners on Easter Monday to close for an'inventory' But she returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. Westminster City Council is now considering legal action against the developers. Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules, who played The Cat, blasted the bulldozing as 'another nail in the coffin' for the community.
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. No one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past. Officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the British and Mexican consulates.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave. When police finally got to the vintage clothing store, they said the stolen knickers, which had been reduced to £1, were not worth enough to prosecute.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, was taken hostage by far-left group last week. He died in hospital after six-hour stand-off with Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) The group is considered a terrorist group by Turkey, the European Union and US. Turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas, identifies as gender queer and sometimes wears women's clothing. Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant. Austin, Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality. 'I really believe it was transphobia-driven and I don't think it had anything to do with what I was wearing,' Grant said.
Celebrity chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC 2 in autumn this year. Show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' First time she has appeared on the channel since 2012 with Nigellissima. She was at the centre of a very public court case in 2013, after she and Mr Saatchi accused their former assistants of spending £685,000 on credit cards given to them for work purposes.
Melon-headed whales found on beach in Hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo. Rescuers worked nonestop to save the creatures, but only managed to save three. The rest of the animals had either died or were dying, officials said. Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach. They believe they might have got lost after emitting sonar waves.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno. Sprouse is expected to be executed about 6 pm Thursday in Huntsville, more than 150 miles southeast of Dallas, by lethal injection. He would be the fifth inmate executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
IPCC to investigate claims former Met chief failed to hand over key information to Macpherson Inquiry regarding black teenager's race hate killing. Watchdog probe stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence. Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Met Police from 1998 to 2000. He then served five years as UK's most senior policeman.
Wigry National Park is in the north-east of the country, close to the Lithuanian border. It is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes (Polands Lake District) The area is unspoiled, but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at a casino. She befriended the poker player, who showered her with gifts. But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside. They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing and throwing around £50 notes.
Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. The planet is half as massive as Jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the Milky Way. It was discovered using a technique known as microlensing. This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light. Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer.
Officers from Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures on Facebook. They showed Lego criminals attempting to break into people's homes. The pictures were accompanied by a Scots dialect poem giving advice. Last night, victims branded the move as 'insensitive' and 'a joke' Break-ins in Edinburgh rose by 38.7 per cent in the 12 months to April 2014.
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, West Mids, secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on the 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over. The dad-of-one arranged for his partner Tara Barber, 32, to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting. But the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster on the side of the A34. Paul then went down on one knee and proposed to Tara, who said yes.
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission (ACNC) made the announcement about Get Rid of Sids Project on Wednesday. The organisation is run by well-known Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger. Earlier this year, the group invited Dr Tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across Australia. Her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by Australian doctors and venues.
Francis Pusok, 30, had been seen riding the horse through the desert of San Bernardino on Thursday afternoon. An NBC film crew helicopter captured the moment he was stunned with a Taser. He tried to get up but they stunned him again before starting the beating. As he lies splayed face-down on the ground, they continue to beat him with their fists and stun guns.
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury. One hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets. Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century. In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37, launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009. The 42-year-old woman said she lost 16lb in a month to tryout for the dance troupe but was still denied an audition. She said she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience.
UN officials say procedure should only be carried out when medically necessary Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean. The rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s. A planned caesarian costs the NHS an average of £2,369, compared to a natural birth at £1,665.
The man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet when he was bitten on the right side of his head as well as his back and torso. The victim, who has not been identified, was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit. An update on his condition wasn't immediately available. Bull sharks are common near the coast, particularly in Florida.
Josiah Duggar, 18, is the latest 19 Kids and Counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship. He met Marjorie Jackson, 17, while they were taking Spanish lessons at her house a few years ago. Their courtship officially began on April 6 - the same day his 23-year-old older sister Jill gave birth to her son Israel David, her first child with husband Derick.
Tristram Hunt was visiting a primary school in Derbyshire as part of election campaign. Asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. The youngster replied: 'To get all the foreigners out the country' Video of the conversation shows the Labour MP was stunned by the statement. Ukip spokesman today claimed the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda' Mother of the 10-year-old has said she has now sat down her son and explained 'it isn't about being foreign' But she added: 'I do personally support an Australian points system'
Jack Black was hand-reared by a vet as a chick after being discovered with no feathers. He then started popping into homes and gardens but has since broadened his network to a ten-mile radius. He has become so well-loved in Penryn, Cornwall, that one fan has set up a Facebook page for him.
The Aerodrome Manual has the exact GPS co-ordinates of vital facilities. It also includes information on the depth of concrete on the runway. MoD admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the link had been disabled. The details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina. The Falklands Islands are defended by four RAF Typhoon aircraft.
English supermodel Stephen James Hendry has landed in Sydney. The 24-year-old is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. He has landed Down Under to start work on a new campaign with Windsor Smith shoes. Hendry says he is recently unattached and having fun. Despite rubbing shoulders with Madonna, he remains humble.
Chris Copeland, a player for the Indiana Pacers, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were both stabbed following an argument outside a New York City club early on Wednesday. A 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, interrupted them as they left 1OAK in Chelsea just before 4am. When Copeland told the man to back off, the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm. Another woman, Catherine Somani, 23, was also stabbed in
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south east China, has not said a word in five days after a classmate gave him the water. Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage. Gao is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester. She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for daughter Dennon, 10. But instead of Sweet Kisses, staff placed two Sex on the Beach cocktails in front of the girls while the adults were away from the table. Restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident on Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter alone.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams. Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back. When they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes.
Superior court Judge Susan Garsh punished Robert Cusanelli of WHDH-TV after two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday. 'He cannot come into this building or be driving a WHDH vehicle for the purpose of doing reporting work on this case,' Garsh said from the bench. Two jurors informed the court Thursday morning that they saw someone watching them in a Ford Explorer. One took a picture of its license plate. Hernandez faces a charge of murder and two firearms-related violations.
Two Air India pilots reportedly got into a fight inside the cockpit of a plane shortly before it was scheduled to take off. Both pilots have been derostered after the captain of flight AI611 complained that the co-pilot had misbehaved and struck him. Air India insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument, and there was no physical violence.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. The timing and location of the quakes correlates better to the drilling and injection than any other possible reason. This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
Richard III was depicted by William Shakespeare as a tyrannical hunchback who murdered two princes in the Tower of London. But research on the king's skeleton discovered under a council car park in Leicester revealed that this may have been an exaggeration of a spine deformity known as scoliosis. Now a new academic paper claims that even this condition was probably not known about until after his death. Dr Mary Ann Lund, from the University of Leicester's school of English, said tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve.
INXS guitarist Kirk Pingelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home. The couples Queenscliff neighbour, Wendy Goyer, claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built. Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013, despite an assessment revealing her views would be 'destroyed'
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws. She said the laws need to be overhauled to prevent cases of abandonment. This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother. The Indian case is similar to the controversial baby Gammy scenario. Gammy was born in Thailand to a surrogate mother, however after reportedly learning that he had a disability, his Australian parents, West Australian couple Wendy and David Farnell, only brought his twin sister home.
Security research firm Bitglass created an excel spreadsheet of 1,568 fake employee credentials, and then placed it on anonymous file sharing sites within the Dark Web. The company then tracked the data as it travelled to various sinister locations around the world, and as it was shared amongst cyber-crime syndicates overseas. By day 12, the file had received over 1,080 clicks had spread to 22 countries on five continents. Overall, the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32. She developed Crohn's disease and lost 18st in 20 months to become a size six. But she says her new 'dream body' is actually a nightmare as she cannot eat and vomits daily. Her condition leaves her in constant pain and she can barely keep food down, so she can never enjoy eating or go out for dinner with her friends.
Nearly half of Britons believe Camilla should become Queen Consort. But 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana. When the Prince and Camilla became engaged in February 2005, only 7% of people polled by YouGov thought Camilla would one day be Queen.
Kyle Iveson, 24, demanded cash from shop assistant Karen Brown. She was the mother of his ex-girlfriend and grandmother of his daughter. He attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice, but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police. He escaped with £650, but was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign. Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building. He addressed hundreds of people gathered at the site of the federal building to commemorate the dead.
The former child star turned Real Housewife discusses her demons in an emotional interview with Dr. Phil set to air April 28. Richards - who has been to rehab three times - was charged with with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer and arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, has documented her changing figure via her Instagram page. The mother-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure, claiming it could be doing damage to her unborn child.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera. He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes. In the clip the lion can be seen aggressively breaking the surface of the water with its tongue.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in County Armagh. A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England. He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning. Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. She lost her North Kansas City home in order to pay for her season tickets. The ailing mother-of-five had been in hospice care since April 7. On Thursday, Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery visited her and she passed away.
Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle claims he was hit by soda. Tonya Stack, wife of Lt Gov Mike Stack, allegedly threw it at him at a fundraiser. Boyle and Stack are at the center of a political row over a state senate seat. The two were also backing different candidates in a congressional race.
Chen Yuntao, 38, is begging on the streets of Hefei City to raise money. His nine-year-old son Minghao is suffering from leukaemia. The family are already in huge debt after son underwent 20 courses of chemotherapy. The next course of therapy will cost between 400,000 and 500,000 yuan. Doctors said they didn't realise the family was so desperately poor.
Katie Hopkins has written that Australia's approach of having 'balls of steel and tiny hearts' should be followed as policy by the Brits. 'They threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning' Her tone has won few friends in Europe and her timing, even less so, slammed as it coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men, women and children on a sunken fishing boat, off Italy. The backlash against Hopkins' thoughts was immediate with her views slammed in social media.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and children, whose bodies were found Monday in their Eastpointe, Michigan home. Authorities say he strangled his wife, Christine, 37, and their 2-year-old daughter Celeste, and 8- year-old son Timothy III to death with a USB cord. He is also charged with child abuse. At his arraignment on Wednesday, he told a judge that he wants to plead insanity. The judge ordered him jailed without bond, and appointed him an attorney.
Dr Vivek Murthy and Elmo go through the process of getting vaccinated. In response to anti-vaccination campaigners, Elmo and Dr Murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot. The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that sickened 147 people in the U.S.
Commuters across New South Wales' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media. With winds of up to 135km/h battering the east coast, many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters cant withstand cyclone strength conditions. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbrellies scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon.
List of'religious punishments' for anyone who insults God or blasphemes against Islam. Adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death. Those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and offences such as drinking wine or 'calumny', making slanderous comments, each attract the punishment of 80 lashes. Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver'
The change.org petition, titled 'Please release Nadia the baby elephant to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves!', has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. The target is 75,000. Jaime Singleton launched the online campaign after she saw Nadia tied up outside a restaurant at the resort. Ms Singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts don't own the elephants themselves, and they instead rely on private contractors who'rent' the animals out.
All 13 choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham, Suffolk, have resigned in'solidarity' over the sacking of music director Stephen Hogger. The 55-year-old was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures. The walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
George Osborne refuses to rule out further cuts for Britain's top earners. He says raising the tax-free personal allowance from £10,000 to £12,500 is priority. Raising 40 per cent tax so that it only applies to those earning at least £50,000 was also a priority, he said. But Labour politicians are calling for the amount to be raised to 50 per cent.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy. The 31-year-old was seen browsing through the underwear section of a shop. Comes two weeks after he was cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher. He and former lover Amanda Knox were both acquitted in late March. Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison. Meredith's mother Arline Kercher described the acquittal as 'odd'
ISIS has released photographs of its militants destroying Christian graves with sledgehammers and carving out crosses in the Iraqi city of Mosul. It's the latest shocking act by the Islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions. The images were posted on social media, including the Shomoukh Al-Islam jihadi forum, under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols.
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west. Police believe that all children are under the age of six. The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital, according to a Victoria Ambulance spokesperson, and she remains in a stable condition. Locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the centre of the lake as it is 'pretty far from the road'
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram. Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots. In the most recent photo, which he posted to Instagram on Thursday, Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life'
Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee. Mother-of-one Emily-Jane says: 'Im the one with the stitched up lady bits who did all the hard work'
Married Jafar Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself. Adeli agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from Hinckley, Leicestershire, to Leicester. When he arrived, he had three condoms in his pocket. But instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl, Adeli was confronted by police. He was jailed for 27 months after admitting attempting to meet a girl under 16 for grooming.
The Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory. Famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt. The company say they are now repairing bags worth £20,000 every day.
Melbourne-based Jon Czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm near Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, over the Easter long weekend. When he checked the nine hours of footage, he stumbled upon the upsetting spectacle. The disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back. He has contacted the local council and Parks Victoria in hopes of notifying the owners of the dogs about what they had done.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 revisits a time when the skies were dominated by the likes of Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Continental. The 436-page book contains dozens of glamorous adverts that encouraged those who could afford to fly to visit far-flung destinations. The simple but effective posters showcase each destination with eye-catching cartoons or photos of beautiful women.
Copper coin dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. On one side there is a horses head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of Carthage. Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean. The find suggests that the village of Saltford, where it was found, was on a major trade route long before Roman times.
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, led a 'family business' stealing from high street stores. She and her two daughters stole thousands of pounds worth of clothes before selling them online through Facebook. Their company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in just four months. One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone. Judge jailed Bainbridge for 30 months, her daughter Claire, 21, for 20 months and other daughter Caitlyn, 19, for 16 months. The mother, who is still serving her sentence, and two daughters, who have
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend. The 35-year-old begged him to put her to bed so she didn't die on the floor. Steven Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder. The mother-of-three needed more than 100 stitches to her face, arms and body.
The 18-year-old daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin is the new face of Topshop denim. Hailey is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner. She also stars in a new shoot for the May issue of Elle magazine. Fellow model Bella Hadid also appears in the magazine.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and the clothes she had been wearing on March 14 were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. Her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts. The 'dedicated' primary school teacher did not turn up to work at Coutts Crossing Public School on March 16 and her estranged husband reported her missing the next day. Police and family say they hold 'grave concerns' for her welfare.
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month. New approach will target cancer stem cells that evade conventional drugs and cause the tumour to re-grow. Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem. They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer.
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UKs largest internet community for parents. It found that 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999, with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them. Nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency.
Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients. They found those who drank at least two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours. Tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause, and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer.
Airbus A380 will have 11 seats in the same space as the current 10. The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats. The addition of the centre seat will change the current configuration from 3-4-3 to 3-5-3.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the self-less rescue went viral online. Warnock has since come forward to identify himself and speak more about the incident which he wants no credit for.
Nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits. Just this month, a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning. You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium (700mg)
Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of Englands first hospital for the mentally ill - the Bethlehem Royal Hospital, which opened in 1247. In its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists. The likes of Beyonce, Lil Kim and Lady Gaga stay here these days.
Kate Major Lohan has been arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan, TMZ report. Michael made a 911 call around 7:02pm on Thursday claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated. When police arrived Kate was visibly intoxicated, had slurred speech and blood shot eyes. Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating.
Christianne Boudreau of Calgary, Canada lost her son Damien Clairmont last year when he crossed the border into Syria to join ISIS. The 22-year-old converted to Islam at the age of 17 after he was bullied in high school and found solace in the religion. The Calgary mother is now working with other families worried about their radicalized children to stop the spread of terrorism.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed a BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester. He shouted 'watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph at 7am. Moments later, he crashed into Alan Knight, 64, who was on his paper round. Mr Knight died instantly from his injuries at the scene on Stroud Road. Hamilton has been jailed for 11 years for causing death by dangerous driving.
Eve Addison, now 24, developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have an allergy. But she became worried when switching brands failed to help - and she developed night sweats and a rash. To her horror, tests revealed the 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. The most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin. These swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight
Wylie Brys was digging with his dad, Tim Brys, back in September at a construction site near a Mansfield, Texas, grocery store when he made the ancient discovery. Scientists from Southern Methodist University have helped a Dallas zookeeper and his 5-year-old son excavate the fossil. It's believed that the bones Wylie found belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin. University experts say it's rare to find dinosaur remains in the Dallas area.
Betty Willis, credited with designing the 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas' sign, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday. The 91-year-old artist's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip. Willis also designed neon signs for the Moulin Rouge casino and Blue Angel motel in Las Vegas.
Labour leader said a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' Even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs. John Major warned SNP was'merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda' William Hague said SNP could be 'calling the tune' if Ed Miliband became PM on the back of SNP support.
Catherine Gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers' She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies. An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Workers in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, are pictured building a walkway thousands of feet up a mountain. With no ropes or safety harnesses, and only hard hats to protect them if they fall, these men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement. Chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, as they flock to walk along the scenic route.
Rony John, 15, jumped into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire. He was swept away by the current and his body was not found until the following day. Coroner Belinda Cheney said she would write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education. She said: 'Swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a critical life skill'
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl. 'You can hear the child yelling screaming,' said the prosecutor in court on Wednesday. 'Multiple times she takes the childs hands and puts the child's hands on the burner'
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999. But she only found out more than a decade later that police had removed vital organs. The little girl died after being flung at a wall by her father, Meyrick Fowler. He was convicted of manslaughter and jailed for four years. Andrea's body was returned to Ms French fully-clothed and a funeral was held. But police failed to tell Ms French she was burying her daughter with much of her body parts missing. Her liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, th
Sienna Miller wannabees must be 5ft 6in in height and have a 25½in waist. Their 'low hip' measurement should be 36½in while their 'high hip' should come in at 35in. The successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga. The advert, for Austrian water brand Vöslauer, will star Miss Miller.
'Reenactment MfS' - the Ministry for State Security better known as the 'Stasi' during the 40 year existence of the East German state - is a new book. The photos of desperation which the socialist rulers used as evidence in the show trials against those they caught. They were also thought to have been used for training purposes for border guards and trainee agents.
Thousands of motorists have been fined or had their cars towed away after falling foul of new rules following the switch to digital tax discs. Many are buying used cars unaware that the old paper documents are now automatically cancelled when a vehicle changes hands. Many say the authority was too quick to penalise motorists without first warning that their car was not taxed.
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head on February 26. He was running as a Republican candidate for governor in 2016. Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself. Police found no evidence that Schweich was involved in a scandal or extramarital affairs. His wife, Kathleen Schweich told investigators that her husband had talked about killing himself previously while holding guns, but she didn't think he would actually do so.
A new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to their in-laws. Of the 2,071 people surveyed, 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member. More than one in 10 British families now live in blended families as more people with children divorce.
Images show French paratroopers dropping into hostile territory near terrorist havens on the Libya-Niger border. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. France began setting up a command base in northern Niger at the end of last year in efforts to combat a number of international jihadist groups.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change  but not everyone is convinced. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
The four Vincenti sisters, aged nine to 14, were removed from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in the middle of the night in 2012. They were taken to their father's villa on the outskirts of Florence. Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father Tomaso Vincenti was an abuser. 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad. The girls are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father. Despite claims they were not happy in Italy, the sisters now seem settled and leading good lives.
The all-gender restroom has opened in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. Facility is the first of its kind at the White House and fits in with the administrations stance on LGBT issues. On Wednesday President Obamas Executive Order on LGBT Workplace Discrimination went into effect.
Hotel industry insider turned author, Jacob Tomsky, reveals the most common items people take from hotels. 'They take everything,' he tells MailOnline Travel. 'Duvet covers, little silver trashcans, universal remotes - anything that's not nailed down' Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges.
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would drink up to 12 pints a night on nights out. He ballooned to 24 stone and was worried he would look like a 'beached whale' After seeing a photo of himself while out with friends, he decided to lose weight. Gave up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym. Lost 10.5 stone and is now taking part in a charity boxing match.
Robert Tomanovich, who owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan, first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence at his home. When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street. He has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag. Wife Lindy said the noose was a tribute to a friend of her husband who had hung himself.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam won't work because the process of consolidating memory is best carried out when a person is asleep. They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies. When the neurons are activated, the flies sleep more, but when they are deactivated, they keep buzzing. This is because they are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones.
All but one of 10 former Atlanta public school educators convicted in a widespread conspiracy to inflate student scores on standardized tests were sentenced to jail time on Tuesday. Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors. But only two agreed to deals. In both those cases, Baxter followed the state's recommendations: He gave a former teacher a 7 p.m. to 7 a.M. curfew at home for one year and a former testing coordinator six months of weekends spent in jail. Despite their lawyers' pleas for probation and community service, the remaining eight received harsher sentences
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the east side of the passenger door. Montes also said that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and 'counter steer' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck. The FHP is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite, clockwise direction of the guard
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey claims she was trying to burp 14-month-old Mason Hess when he began choking on his applesauce. She claims that when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. The mother of twins, who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old, was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child. Medical examiners determined that Mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma. The prosecution has argued that Heale shook the child to death.
Mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can be incredibly distressing. The pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are significantly affected. As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. It is equally important to consider multiple chronic mouth ulcers as a symptom of bowel disease.
Green party's new election advert features David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage forming a bizarre pro-austerity boyband. The video, complete with dry ice, glittering podiums and the obligatory key change, is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary, the Tories, Lib Dems, Labour and Ukip are all singing the same tune.
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine of them. Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. The revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent.
Iranian officials made the decision following claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage at Jeddah airport in March. The announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen. Sunni Saudi Arabia has led the bombing campaign against Yemeni Shiite rebels, the Houthis, much to the anger of Iran.
There seems to be an app for everything these days in the food industry. From apps that tell you where to get free cocktails to those that show you how to make the most of leftovers, Femail has picked the ten every foodie should have. Love Food Hate Waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys.
James and Hope Ben Canaan left the Gloriavale Christian Community in New Zealand last month. The Ben Canaans are adapting well to life in the wider community, a relative said. The father has accepted a farm job and the family have moved into a home with modern appliances. Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world. Residents wear a plain, blue uniform and reject birth control.
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is set to become the world's oldest woman to give birth to quads. The schoolteacher from Spandau, Berlin, has 13 children from five different fathers. She says she is not bothered about what people say about her decision to have more children so late in life.
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldnt say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain, responding to the supreme leader of Iran'sproclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is 'instant,' said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way,' McCain said.
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted Virgin Active health clubs across London. He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a doctor. Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet, Isleworth Crown Court was told. He was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout.
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn in West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy body on Instagram to inspire others. But the photo-sharing site deleted the images 'within two minutes' of her posting them. The mum-of-twins claims the images were deemed to contain inappropriate 'nudity and violence' which breach the site's decency guidelines.
Australian MP Andrew Robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression. 'For 10 years, I drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you're smiling, your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins,' he said. Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun because it would give him a 'hit of endorphin' He also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she used her victims' bank card to withdraw large amounts of money. At her peak she was draining up to £300 a day from her disabled victims' accounts. Calder posted regular partying pictures of Facebook not knowing the family of the victims, a couple in their late 80s who have now died, had installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash. Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft.
The Pentagon announced Tuesday it will exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines killed when the USS Oklahoma sank in the bombing of Pearl Harbor. The ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the December 7, 1941 surprise attack from Japanese forces. Altogether, 429 sailors and. Marines onboard were killed. Only 35 were identified in the years immediately after. Hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in Hawaii. In 1950, they were reburied asunknowns at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida. Father-of-one Terry died at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari just hours before the fatal collision.
PC Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police. The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. His internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy. Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central. The candidate, who is gay, is pictured on the open profile of his Facebook page appearing to lick a female friend's breasts. Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko' The 35-year-old insists the photos, taken seven years ago, just show him out having fun with close friends 'like a normal person' He also said they show he is able to interact with people - important to the role of a politician.
Margaret Gretton, 46, has been barred indefinitely from the profession. Referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. Disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' and'repeated' actions while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham. They heard that she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo' and said she didn't want to encourage children 'like that' to come to the school.
The jury began their deliberations on Tuesday afternoon. If convicted, Hernandez faces a maximum penalty of life in prison. The former New England Patriots football player, 25, has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of Odin Lloyd. Prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn on June 17, 2013, and drove him to an industrial park near Hernandez's house. Surveillance video at Hernandez's home minutes after the shooting showed him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' The Work and Pensions Secretary said they were 'wrongly named' Labour said the comments showed 'just how out of touch the Tories are' about the lives of working people. Labour has pledged to ban exploitative deals, while unions want them scrapped.
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, made the comments on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday. The veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks, saying that he should have spoken of the singer's'remarkable talent', not her weight. Wallace's fellow Fox News anchor, 60-year-old Greta Van Susteren, took to her blog to chastise her colleague over his comments. The same day, Kelly Clarkson told chat show host Ellen DeGeneres that she's had to deal with criticism about her weight since she first hit the spotlighton the first season of
Trevor Vale was driving from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video. He was frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs. The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Mr Vale's Facebook page. The truck driver's wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan.
The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions. Experts say demonic activity is on the rise due to an in creased interest in the occult among the young including ouija boards and seances. In 2013, Pope Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny. The tribute to the NYPD comes as de Blasio is weighing a City Council proposal to hire more police officers.
Yaphet Kotto starred as Dr Kananga in the 1973 Bond installment Live And Let Die. He said the role was created by Ian Fleming for a white actor. Kotto said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct' Comments come in response to speculation Idris Elba is next James Bond.
Max Muggeridge, 19, from Coomera in QLD caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle. The massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach, according to Max. He believes it could have been world record size but he wasn't able to accurately measure the beast.
Toddler slipped and fell into cheetah exhibit at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo. Visitors heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on Saturday. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived. The cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit. Zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the mother.
Celebrities and music lovers gathered on Friday in the southern California desert for the beginning of the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. As in previous years, the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others.
Two scantily-clad strippers were hired by the deceased's own wife. The Taiwanese phenomenon of having exotic dancers or strippers perform at funerals began in the 1980s. For a modest fee the women arrive on the neon-lit back of a diesel truck, dubbed an Electric Flower Car, to gyrate erotically.
Kendra Spears, 26, has given birth to her first child, a boy named Prince Irfan. She married Prince Rahim Aga Khan in 2013 following a four month engagement. She follows in the footsteps of a string of American royal wives, among them Rita Hayworth and Queen Noor of Jordan.
Whitney Fetters, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. The 28-year-old Spanish teacher allegedly exchanged 20 naked and partially nude images, as well as videos of themselves performing sex acts. She also sent him sexually suggestive text messages, including one that read: 'Touching myself is fun' She allegedly planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting'so they could get high and have sex' She has since lost her job at Hefner Middle School.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype. The products were designed as part of the Direct Line Everyday Fix design makeathon. You can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product, funded through a Kickstarter campaign.
Kode With Karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year at the Flatiron Pre-College Academy. Karlie is donating $20,000 of her own money for the classes, which cost $2,000 per student.
Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech. Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed when her ex-boyfriend, Nicholas Sord, smashed their car into a pole on December 31, 2009. When deputies arrived on the scene, they improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs of her, her mother claims. She is suing the Cook County Sheriff's Office in Illinois and the trial is scheduled to begin next week. But the sheriff's office insisted that it took the photographs at the scene in order to gather evidence that ultimately helped to convict Sord.
More than 140 children have been removed from their classes in Washington. The pupils could not prove they had the required vaccinations. Health officials have warned the country is in danger of being gripped by a measles pandemic. The virus has swept several states in America and California. Officials have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles. They are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace when she collided with a lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster. She had recently left her position as director of design at the V&A, where she led the planning and implementation of FuturePlan. The leading art and design figure had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at Windsor Castle. Her brother Andrew described his sister as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a'modest life'
Deputy Prime Minister met by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London. They chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free' Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the Lib Dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor. He launched furious attack on the 'ideological' cuts planned by the Tories.
Last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard. His keepers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pejeta fear for his safety. Sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo. In 2007, 13 rhinos were poached and killed in South Africa.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture, despite being in handcuffs. The outraged judge sentenced him to an extra 30 days in jail for contempt of court. Irons, 26, has been in prison since December after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional'mock war' The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots. Dozens of brave souls even attend late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held.
Heartbroken owner Tony Tancock believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs stolen leaving more ordinary rodents behind. Tony, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country. He was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother. The body was discovered at the West Colonial Drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. His wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago, according to her attorney.
Woman jumped on top of the bonnet of her car in Smyrna, Georgia. But the carjacker was driving off at speed regardless. A man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot at the thief. Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life.
Guitar Hero Live features a redesigned guitar and online music video network. It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. The game will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles. Meanwhile, Guitar Hero TV will be a 'continuous broadcast of music videos'
Nguyen Thi Hang was waiting to board a flight at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The 35-year-old was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed by a worker. She placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face. The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany herself and The Queen for the performance. The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time, which were incredibly popular when the Queen and her sister were growing up. Princess Margaret told Mr Holloway that the Queen Mother really liked the tape - although she had to go into her car to listen to it.
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon in 1961. One of them, Richard Mason, became the last Englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe. The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it.
Kristina Schake, 45, is chief communications officer at L'Oreal USA. She has been brought on to Hillary Clinton's 2016 communications team. Will attempt to turn 67-year-old politician into softer, more accessible figure. Former White House aide helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image into that of an all-American 'everywoman' who does'mom dancing' and has Twitter account.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. He said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. Kenney has previous arrests for disorderly conduct, making a riot and possession of a controlled substance. He was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer, called Ewings sarcoma, aged just five. Her parents were informed she only had three months to live. She defied all the odds and moved to Canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family. However, she tragically died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl Elizabeth Kelly, near her home in Rossland, British Columbia in Canada.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were both found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. The men were arguing over which phone was better, police said. The pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body, according to the police report. It was not revealed which of the men was a fan of the iPhone or the Android.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to Singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence. Julie Bishop announced this gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures. The koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo.
Park Crescent West, next to Regents Park in London, could be demolished and re-built again under controversial plans. Developers want to replace the Grade I listed crescent, which is a 'flawed modern copy' of the original work by John Nash. The revamp will be made up of 73 homes, ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth £15million. Residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year. Experts believe people are buying the books because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent. Publisher Mansour Mansour said his sales have shot up by 30 per cent since the attacks.
Dan Price, the CEO of Gravity Payments, is slashing his own salary 93percent. He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries. Over the next three years, Gravity Payments will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees.
Stephanie Hannon was the tech giant's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact. She will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. Hannon previously worked on Gmail and Google Maps, and also worked for the event-organizing website Eventbrite.
The annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune. Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of Jia Xing. The Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a hero in the Yuan Dynasty (1279-1368), who successfully eliminated pests during a massive drought.
The collectors paradise in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. It comes complete with the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. With features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned, the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000.
Megumi Igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court. She was first arrested in July, but was freed several days later following a legal appeal. Tokyo police arrested her again in December, on three counts of distributing 'obscene' data.
The NSW State Emergency Service (SES) are warning the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. People have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money, condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis. Oh my god! Who are these absolute mongrels that take advantage of these sorts of situations! wrote Belinda Weston.
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in Test match cricket in Antigua on Friday. Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin to claim his 384th scalp and overtake Sir Ian Botham. Botham was watching the Test while on media duties with Sky Sports, where he is commentating. Anderson admitted: 'I'm hugely proud. It is great to have my family here as well'
Claudio Giardiello, 46, was due to appear in court accused of fraudulent bankruptcy. He is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge Fernando Ciampi. Prosecutors said the attack was carried out with 'cold premeditation' A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack. Several other people suffered serious injuries in the attack.
Audrey Bolte told the Ohio court she was looking forward to seeing Ryan Poston, 29, at a bar to play pool and drink on October 12, 2012, but he failed to arrive. That was because Shayna Hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly 'cackled' with glee claimed a cellmate of the accused, who claims the 24-year-old confessed to her while behind bars. Hubers, who was 21 at the time, denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense.
Katie Hopkins, 40, said vessels 'need pushing back' and should be 'burned' She said: 'I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from' But she was branded a 'vile racist' and a'manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the UK' More than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned in the Mediterranean at midnight yesterday.
Price of milk, eggs, cheese, vegetables and meat have fallen by 0.9 per cent. Electrical goods have dropped 5.7 per cent in the last 12 months. Shoppers are taking to the shops as they cash in on the falling prices. Cheaper prices and inflation reaching zero in February have led to a boost on the high street.
Samantha and David Cameron's home has been put into the spotlight recently. But do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations? William says that there are several items that you are required to own for your home to be 'posh' He says that a posh household should opt for a cup and saucer over a mug for a hot drink.
Irish Aviation Authority are investigating after two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight mid-flight. Two women, who were believed to be off-duty Ryanair members of staff wearing their staff lanyards, were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform. Ryanair has since confirmed there were a total of three off- duty workers on board the flight.
An Hour with Ruta claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents to strengthen the Nordic country's 'genetic material' An introduction to the chat show argued that Norway's Child Protection Service (Barnevernet) was deliberately targeting Lithuanian children which were seen as a'sought-after commodity'
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station. The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. He faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted. It began when Kelly, 56, wrote Lucia a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically in March 2014. He then started sending her 'delusional' e-mails and calling her on her personal numbers. He also sent her gifts,
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, dropped from 14st to 10st 5lb. Mother-of-one dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year. Her husband's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger, slimmer model.
UK Oil & Gas Investments boasted it had discovered a 'world class potential resource' It claimed analysis of a well near Gatwick Airport suggested 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. Now the firm has been forced into an embarrassing U-turn, admitting that it cannot be sure how much crude lies beneath the region  if, indeed, there is much at all.
David Nicholson, 48, accused of sending explicit messages to prostitute. Married father-of-four said he was 'keen' on her dressing up like a pupil. He has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since the correspondence came to light last month. Mr Nicholson, from Great Bedwyn, Wiltshire, still under investigation by Ofstead.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. He now joins two other men who were arrested late last week. The brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the March attack. Authorities previously arrested a pair of students from Alabama's Troy University who were allegedly seen in the video, which was recorded last month.
Mum Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk for her two-month old son Lucca. But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill. Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on the Twitter social media website.
Danielle and Alexander Meitiv, both scientists in Maryland, made headlines just before Christmas when police found Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, wandering the sidewalk on their own. On Sunday, a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home. The children were picked up by police, who say they followed protocol by turning them over to CPS. Meanwhile, Mrs MeitIV tells Fox 5 DC that CPS workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe.
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend. Jaden Smith, 16, wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress. Paris Hilton, 34, sports bizarre rose-petal cat ears at the festival.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio around 4am Sunday morning. Her parents first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have Easter breakfast and she was gone. York was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home. On Monday, York's mother posted on Facebook that she feared she was headed to Missouri.
Five-day-old hippopotamus was flung into the air after straying into firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival. The calf's mother watched in horror as the hippo was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa.
A two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, was found naked sitting by herself in a parking lot two hours after disappearing from her mother at a car wash. The Gardena toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on Thursday. Her girl was found injured outside of Jim's Burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster. Police would not describe the extent of her injuries. Authorities are looking for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima captured on video at the car wash the same
Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of carrying out the assaults over a four year period. The married GP was working at the Hendford Medical Centre in Yeovil, Somerset. He denies three charges of sexual assault between February 2008 and December 2011. The trial at Taunton Crown Court continues.
Moschino's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede. Jeremy Scott sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk. Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out. She took to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll.
Rajee Narinesingh was one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as Fix-a-Flat, Super Glue and mineral oil. Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched.
The picture is believed to show disgraced principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. In the picture taken through a window, the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen. Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer, after the photograph appeared on Snapchat. The school has confirmed it has begun searching for a new Principal.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into Sandra Bullock's home last summer. Corbett, who was found in Sandra's home clutching a love letter for the actress, has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him. Sandra is not the first person to experience a celebrity stalker. Madonna, Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber have also been plagued by the experience.
The 32-year-old, known only by the initials SAKA, admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops, but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. He claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governors son.
Danila Kislitsyn killed 1,000 dogs in Vladivostok using poisoned sausages. The 31-year-old said the dogs posed a threat to people and needed to be wiped out. He was arrested as part of a campaign by animal-rights activists. Judge Olga Yerokhina sentenced him to pay just £200 for the canine genocide.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well. The popular TV series is based on the book of the same name, by Piper Kerman, about a woman who is sent to prison.
A plane was struck by lightning shortly after takeoff during a flight from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado on Tuesday. It wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane. The hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed, but the plane landed safely and no one was injured.
The twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into an Arizona canal last week have been identified as bothers Eli and Silas Keslar of Yuma. A Go Fund Me page set up this weekend named them and their parents, Mark and Alexis Keslar. The fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $10,000. Authorities have not released any information on how the boys ended up in the canal, but say foul play is not suspected.
Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants. But housing associations responded furiously  with one board member lambasting the proposal as the right to steal There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws. Bosses of housing associations, which are not for profit, were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries.
Five-bedroom Knightsbridge flat offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room. It is based in Ennismore Gardens, London where Gardner, who famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana, lived until her death in 1990.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday in Beverly Hills, California. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color.
Red squirrels have been spotted in Windermere, in the picturesque Lake District. Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. Since 1952, 95% of red squirrels has been wiped out in England and Wales. Disease, habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels blamed for decline in reds.
Emily, 23, shot to fame as the half-naked star of Robin Thicke's steamy Blurred Lines video and landed a role in Gone Girl alongside industry heavyweights Ben Affleck and Rosamind Pike. The American model, who saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring T.I. and Pharrell in 2013, has revealed exactly how she achieves and maintains the enviable body.
Hillary Clinton and her entourage flew on a commercial US Airways Shuttle flight on Tuesday, and the Secret Service took care of the cars at curbside. She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. On the way, her motorcade passed exits to the Manchester, N.H. airport, which was 55 miles closer. The Boston flight, though, used a larger aircraft with 12 first class seats. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach. Clinton's choice to fly out of Boston instead of Manchester could anger southern
Joanna Goodall forged signatures for cash refunds at Premier Inn in Newcastle. Bosses noticed the high level of refunds and CCTV showed Goodall taking money from the till. The 30-year-old mother admitted the thefts between March 2013 and February 2014 at Newcastle Crown Court. She was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1 under the Proceeds of Crime Act as she has no assets.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs. But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday. And only days after welcoming her son into the world, Sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot, which she shared on Sunday with her 1.6 million Instagram followers.
One Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015. Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video. 'Too many Soldiers don't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that isn't in harmony with our values,' the investigator wrote of the event.
Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in social media, financial operations and counter-criminality But admits that civilians with the relevant experience are not natural recruits for the Army. Some reservist troops will lose their posts in 77 Brigade, while many soldiers do not know what roles they will be assigned.
The stars of Married at First Sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight's episode of the FYI series. All three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise. Jaclyn Methuen, who nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive, continues to put her new husband in the 'friend zone' The 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London's Harley Street, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' He reveals the biggest offenders, and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day. Some breakfast cereals can contain as much as three teaspoons of sugar per serving  this is around two and a half chocolate biscuits.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job. Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week. A majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she 'lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable'
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay. His supervisor has been placed on desk duty. Five detectives went to the Brooklyn store on Friday April 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes. Officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence. Manager Ali Abdullah was given a receipt from the police the following day saying $593 had been seized, but he realised $2,650 in store rent money was missing.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa, was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery. Now prosecutors believe the Iowa lottery worker used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system. They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010. They also claim he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program. His trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to examine the new evidence.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. They examined 200 bead-type objects found at more than 400 European sites over a 3,000-year period. Based on discoveries of different types of Neolithic or ornament, they concluded that Northern Europeans in the Neolithic period initially rejected the practice of farming. Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming, which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival.
Jan Bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011. The now-83-year-old wasn't done with just the one tattoo, and continued coming back to the studio each year for another tattoo to commemorate her daughter, tattooing the initials of her three children above the cross on her second run. In the second episode of Tattoo Tales, Jan gets her third tattoo- a beautiful coloured shell below her daughter's name.
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art' The artist, who is also known as Roots Art, is based in France but travels the world to photograph the space between buildings.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Humane Society International has captured shocking images of seals being clubbed to death on Canada's ice floes as this year's 'commercial hunt' gets underway. Images show the animals being shot and wounded on the thin ice before being dragged onto vessels. HSI says the baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying' The Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp, hooded and grey seals.
Peter Kelly, who leaves behind a wife in addition to five children under the age of nine, was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest. One of the teenagers, Levi Acre-Kendall, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday. The suspect, who was held on $125,000 bail, is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision.
Andy and Kim married this weekend at a service in Dunblane Cathedral. The ceremony was followed by a reception at Cromlix House, Murray's hotel. Judy said that it was a prouder moment than when Andy won Wimbledon in 2013. She said that she will take an active part in their lives and that she can't wait to teach them about tennis.
Andrew Hennells posted a message on Facebook admitting his plans to rob a Tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff. Norfolk Police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff at the supermarket giant's King's Lynn branch. The 31-year-old fled the scene before police arrived, but he was quickly arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash. Norfolk Crown Court heard that officers also recovered a knife. Judge Anthony Bate said Hennell posed a 'high risk of serious harm to the public'
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car is self-driving, electric and the front chairs can swivel round. And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes. The car was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. Chevrolet said the car offered a glimpse at mobility of the future
Smoked poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings. Twelve fire teams were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes.
nutritionist Charlotte Watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body. She reveals seven surprising signs of stress and what to eat to replenish lost nutrients. Cracks at the side of the mouth are a sign the body is low on vitamin B6. White spots on the nails are actually another mineral loss they are indicating. Magnesium deficiency is a sign of a diarrhoea and constipation.
Darren Goddard, 48, left his 18-month-old son in 1989 after his marriage broke down following a horrific car accident. Mr Goddard's daughter Cally, 15, created a Facebook page for him three years ago. He was about to delete the account when Lewis' appeal turned up on his newsfeed. The pair now speak to each other every day via Skype.
Diane Priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue. An ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes to reach the 57-year-old at her home in Shildon, County Durham. Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which North East Ambulance Service still failed to meet. Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm on arrival at Darlington Memorial Hospital.
Victoria McKennon is just one class short of the credits she needs to graduate. The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons due to her condition. Her family appealed to the school to allow her to take part in ceremony in June. Plano Senior High School said she could graduate in the summer and earn her diploma that way. But her mum Grace McKenn on wants a guarantee from the school she will be able to take to the stage in June no matter what.
The woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. It fell straight in there,' she said. Within seconds of capturing the ball, she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup.
A poll by YouGov revealed that both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl. Americans have picked Diana and Elizabeth as their favourite names if the royal baby is in fact a boy. James, Richard and Arthur are the top three boy names in the UK and US.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston. Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck. When she grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. Police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him.
Pietro Boselli, 26, from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths lecturer at UCL. He has a PHD in Mechanical Engineering and is now a full-time model. His Instagram account has amassed more than 480,000 followers. He admits he tried to keep his double life a secret from his colleagues.
The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement. The group cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old, textbook claims. Also claims he won a yacht race at the tender age of nine. Bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea. They are meant to indoctrinate future generations into glorifying dictator.
The 3,600-passenger, Union Jack-adorned Britannia is the largest ship built for the UK market. Passengers can sample gins from 20 British counties. In Brodie's, the pub, there are beers from 56 UK counties and in the library an entire shelf is dedicated to the British monarchy.
Russian military inspectors have arrived at huge Nato war games exercise. British officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from Moscow under a European arms control treaty. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression. Britain and 11 other Nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise.
Drones were used to deliver first crop of asparagus to top Dutch restaurant. But the drone crashed and exploded mid-journey to De Zwann in Etten-Leur. Owner Ronald Peijenburg has previously used a Formula 1 racing car, hot air balloon and a helicopter to deliver vegetables.
Circuit Judge Michael Maggio, 52, faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. He admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community over the past several years. His comments divulged details of Theron's adoption - two months before she publicly released the information.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats. On April 27, 2013, Gupta attended a match on Roosevelt Island, during which he slipped on a patch of grass and slammed his body against the retaining wall.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, was charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of Samantha Fleming, 23. Fleming and her three-week old baby went missing from her home in Anderson on April 5. Police investigating Fleming's disappearance on Friday found her body in Jones' home in Gary, about 165 miles northwest of Anderson. She had been stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked with bleach. Serenity was being held by Jones' sister, who told police she had been caring for her sister's young child.
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has created a photo series called SPOOF. The series includes parodies of ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne. Nathalie had her hair and make-up professionally styled so that her look completely resembled that of the famous models in the advertising images.
Mandy Greenwood, 39, was abused by her father from the age of seven. Keith Whitworth, 61, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was jailed for 22 years. Mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years. It was only after she confided in her husband, Dave, that she felt strong enough to seek help. She has waived her right to anonymity in the hope other victims will come forward.
Frances Clarkson, 53, has been enjoying a family break in Barbados. She showed off her holiday tan in a white bikini as she took a dip in the sea. The BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from the hit motoring show after a 'fracas' involving a Top Gear producer. He left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel.
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries. The codes are known as IATA location identifiers, and are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) The triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks, to ensure they reach the correct destination. Many airports change names over the years so their airport codes might reflect a previous identity.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, was arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in her car on consecutive nights in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student, and was released on bail. Now she has been arrested again after another pupil, also aged 15, also accused Granado of having sex with him on two consecutive nights this year.
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin dined at a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, on Monday- the first time they had been seen since they started their cross-country road trip. But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal, and the manager says they didn't leave a tip. 'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' the manager said. 'The other lady paid the bill,' he said, referring to Abedin, the vice chairwoman of Clinton's campaign. The question of whether Clinton left a tip at Chipotle was first raised by
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in Clacton. The man, named locally as James Gregoire, was killed in a late night brawl. A second man was seriously injured in the brawl but his injuries are not life threatening. A large area of the town centre has been cordoned off as forensic officers search the scene for evidence.
Jay Rutland, 34, married heiress Tamara Ecclestone, 30, in a £7m wedding in 2013. Training consultant's firm Brigante Business Developments is based in Battersea. It is listed in company records as providing management consultancy activities Latest accounts for year to July 2014 show company had total net assets of £3,378.
Michael Slager, 33, was charged with murder after shooting Walter Scott, 50, after stopping him over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail. But the baby will not be able to enter the South Carolina prison.
Video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gavers, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Ten-year Cottonwood Police veteran Sgt Jeremy Daniels was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released.
A mysterious app called None* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users, or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly. The free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text, as well as showing a small keyboard. Upon starting the game, there is no indication what the goal of it is, how many levels there are, or even how users are supposed to solve some of the more obscure riddles.
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. He said: 'You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. Why not use their talents and their experience?' Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt, which has been accused of human rights abuses.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com. Google, which has 53,000 employees, is by far the largest employer on the list. The companies are also mostly small and midsize. Nearly all of them employ fewer than 5,000 people.
Truckers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania who already work in the UK are being offered £100 for each driver they manage to lure into Britain. Employment agency Mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified Class A HGV driver to undertake work for four weeks. This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in Swindon. Around 4.5 per cent are also unemployed across the south west.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County, Georgia. Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday. Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway. But before he could complete the work, Hamilton was arrested and charged with interference with government property.
Wei Guiyi, 76, has guided her blind hubby Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China. Despite her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis, the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California. It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive' And the technology is both greener and safer than current batteries. It consists of a negatively charged anode made of aluminum and a positively charged graphite cathode along with an ionic liquid electrolyte. These sit inside a flexible polymer-coated pouch. And while lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge, the new battery has 'unprecedented charging times' of down to one minute.
Haben, 19, told MailOnline: 'We are Christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us, slit our throats and cut off our heads' He and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized. Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of the political chaos engulfing the country.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday. A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. The Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling. The adored teacher from Leeton went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé, Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria last month. She is a director of the charity which supports crime victims in her area. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Chief Constable Sue Sim. The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting 'a soap opera' within force.
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million. The property, called 'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. Designed by architect Charles Wright, the property won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp. The Daintree is located 111 kilometres north of Cairns and contains over 1200 square kilometres
The 56-page notebook was written in 1942 at the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, in Buckinghamshire. It details Turing's work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science. It was sold for $1,025,000 (£698,000) in a Fine Books & Manuscripts Sale at Bonhams in New York on Monday. Part of the proceeds will be donated to charity.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student at Destrehan High School in Louisiana. The married mother-of-three and fellow teacher Rachel Respess, 24, were arrested in September when a student at the school started bragging that he had slept with both of them. As part of her plea deal, Duf Resne will not have to serve any jail time or register as a sex offender. She must undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay away from the now 17-
The Apple Watch is now available to pre-order in nine countries. The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs £299 in the UK. In the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax. Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold. California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero. This is a difference of £42 when bought in California, compared to the UK, and £63 when compared to Montana. In Australia, for example, the most expensive 38mm Edition costs $21,000 AUD
45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed said they had a painful back or neck  up from 28 per cent last year. Almost one in four said that they are in pain on a daily basis. Chiropractors blame increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers.
Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white BMW. Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight. He briefly reversed before ramming into a white Mercedes and white Prius, appearing to trap the man between the three cars. He was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
Maya Angelou, the acclaimed author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning, was issued a Forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions. First Lady Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp. The problem however, is that the featured quote came from another author. Joan Walsh Anglund wrote in her 1967 book A Cup of Sun; 'A bird doesnt sing because he has an answer, he sings because it has a song'
X Factor finalist Ella, 19, is face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. This will mark the star's first brand collaboration. The campaign images shows the singer against a blurred and vibrant city background. The platinum award-winning artist and the UK's number 1 dry shampoo brand were fused together by the MILES agency.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick. Crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships. Norovirus can live on surfaces for weeks, meaning other passengers could also be infected.
Marc Carn, 29, from Plymouth, vanished during a stag do in Barcelona on Saturday. He was drinking in an Irish bar with friends near to Las Ramblas when he disappeared. Mr Carn, who runs his own building company, was dropped'miles away' by the Spanish driver when he tried to get back to his hotel. He then set off to try and find his friends - and only arrived at the British Consulate this afternoon after walking for 20 hours.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya. Up to 950 perishing off Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend alone. Mr Endean, who is seeking election in Plymouth, Devon, has apologise and claims he re- tweeted it by mistake.
Families returning from their Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected. Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed, depending on how strongly the strike holds. EasyJet is cancelling 118 flights to and from France, including 10 which either start or finish at British airports.
The feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social networks mobile app. Users can choose from an array of small pictures, such as a bicycle or coffee cup, to go with their status and add a location tag. While the updates are visible to friends, users can change the privacy settings to determine who sees an update. Facebook is testing the service in Taiwan and Australia, where from today, users of the app will see short status messages under their friends names.
Former Chancellor warns against 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets. He also criticises the Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband. Mr Clarke served under Margaret Thatcher, John Major and David Cameron. He is known for his outspoken views and is one of the few remaining Tory cheerleaders for the European Union.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims. The three-day onslaught was blamed on the banned Pakistani militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) It comes after nearly four months of wrangling over his detention.
A complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a Louisiana branch of Burger King quickly turned ugly when the employee threatened the unhappy customer with a slap. Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager. The exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse at the customer. The footage, first posted on Live Leak, claims to have been taken on Tuesday at a branch in Lake Charles. Burger King has since confirmed that it is aware fo the footage and in a statement to The Blaze said that the disgruntled employe had been fired
The coin has an image of poppies - symbolic of remembrance - among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'Lest We Forget' It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mints Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 'burned up from the inside' after taking lethal dose. She took the substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP, on April 12. Her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died just three hours later. Her mother Fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over. He had already been jailed three times for missing payments. His family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop. But there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012.
One in five American women are willing to undergo dangerous beauty treatments in order to achieve the ideal look, despite the risks that these procedures pose to their health. Seven per cent, meanwhile, have actually had allergic reactions. Despite the dangers, the majority of women say beauty treatments make them feel better about themselves and improve their looks.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, had been a life-long follower of the Mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband James. But following their divorce last year, she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church, her lawyer said. Her alcohol abuse culminated in the startling incident in which she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home. She then allegedly had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom. When she returned, she brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself
56-page book bought in Cambridge contains Turing's thoughts on 'Leibniz notation' 'I find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' he wrote. It was written at Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science. It is believed to be the only extensive Turing manuscript known to exist.
A new metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital. But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase. That means porters are left to carry travellers heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles. It was announced early on that Ford would not be a part of the panel (though later he was the high point of the trailer)
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca. Now her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka KukUCova, 51, said they feel hated in their own village and are selling up their home to move somewhere more secluded.
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media. The employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity' One guard, Harley Levanic, posted a picture to Facebook in February of a new neck tattoo bearing the word 'infidel' and tagged a number of other guards asking 'Who is next boys?' Another guard, Beau James, commented on the photo: 'Welcome to the gang& Well done old son. Looks awesome' In other social media posts some of the guards compared Muslims to Nazis while others accused companies with
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw the woman fall to the pavement. He pulled into the first space available and helped her to her feet. But a traffic warden put a £70 ticket on his car because he had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers. He said: 'I stopped for around 30 to 45 seconds at the most to help her'
A woman suspected of abandoning her newborn baby girl in a South Carolina dumpster has come forward following the rescue of the hours old infant by a teenager. Horry County Police said the mother, who will be identified once she is formally charged, turned herself in on Thursday night after seeing herself on television. The baby girl was discovered struggling to breathe while trapped inside of a tied plastic bag by Austin Detray on Thursday afternoon when he heard her crying. The 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition.
Tory leader has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters. He embarked on a tour of the streets of Alnwick to drum up support for re-election. But he was reprimanded by one woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign. A busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums'
Marcus and his nine-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton. The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway. Marcus stayed calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle urged aviation industry to develop system. Could help prevent a repeat of the Germanwings crash last month. Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a French mountainside.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has spoken out against Indianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act, calling it a 'distracting' law that only hurts the Republican Party. The former California governor wrote an op-ed piece for The Washington Post. He said: 'As an American, Im incredibly concerned about what happened in Indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states' Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
SS Sergeant Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp. Auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of Groening. They spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in the machinery of genocide. 'I lost 49 members of my family in the Holocaust,' said Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89.
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?' He then tries to grab the windshield wipers but is pulled to ground when the van drives off. Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian.
May Wongs four-year-old cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled the globe. She has visited 11 countries and 23 destinations including New York, Berlin, Stockholm, Milan and Paris. She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011.
Hoda Muthana, 20, lived with moderate Muslim family in Hoover, Alabama. She studied business at University of Alabama but dropped courses. She then cashed in her tuition money to travel to Syria to join ISIS. She married Australian jihadi Suhan Abdul Rahman, who was killed last month. Now she has called for drive-by shootings on Memorial Day. Her father said: 'I believe she been brainwashed. They brainwashed her'
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. 'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer. Keeping calm, Mohamed's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say, 'Who said I was going to run?'
National Union of Teachers has called for a positive portrayal of same sex relationships in lessons to be made compulsory under the next government. Critics accused the NUT of thought control and said the intolerant proposals risked oversexualising children at a young age. Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against their beliefs.
Pupils excessive consumption of energy drinks is fuelling deteriorating behaviour, it has been claimed. Chris Keates, general secretary of the NASUWT, likened the caffeinated refreshments to readily available legal highs Some children drink excessive amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless, causing hyperactivity and an inevitable crash later.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody. Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses. Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles, officials said. All of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates.
Tinie Tempah was due to perform at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night. But he arrived three hours late and only played two songs before leaving. Club which hosted the event has apologised and accused him of breaking contract. Ticket-holders were told they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm.
The 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains and found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan' An estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in March of 2011 during the tsunami.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. Entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre, cinema, museums and amusement parks. Analysis showed spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year, and 4 per cent for men. Low grocery and household bills has given family finances a boost.
Michael Slager, 33, can be heard laughing nervously while talking with a senior officer. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5. The senior officer told Slager during the conversation to go home and relax, assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days. The dashcam footage showing Scott, 50, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him, was released to the media on Thursday.
Tory party chairman accused of doctoring Wikipedia pages to promote himself. He is accused of deleting embarrassing references to his past from his own page. Also accused of putting unflattering updates on pages of others including Justine Greening and Lynton Crosby. Mr Shapps has denied the claims describing them as an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign' David Cameron has defended him saying he is doing 'a great job'
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009. Since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions. In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup. On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates. It will set new dates after the legal questions are settled.
The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights. Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank' The woman's identity has not been released pending notification of her family.
Jessica Silva has spoken about why she had to kill her abusive husband and revealed she hopes his family can one day forgive her for what she did. In a tense interview for 60 Minutes, Silva visits the home of James Polkinghorne's father. Michael Usher, the veteran journalist who conducted the interview, has revealed her walked away from the experience 'totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people' He also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son's abusive ways, he could still not understand why his son was dead.
Department of Twin Research, which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the UK, recently performed a poll of voting preferences. Aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about peoples voting habits. Identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins - suggesting an underlying genetic influence was stronger than environmental or random factors. For UKIP voting preferences, there was also a moderately strong heritability of 51 per cent. This was closely followed by Labour and the Green Party both with 48 per cent - the exception
Skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Koreas Silla Dynasty. It's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body. In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover. Both the woman and the man are estimated to be between the ages of 20 and 30 when they died, or were killed. The tomb is made of soil and stone and was discovered last December in Hwangnam-dong,
Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick. Blake Lively slathers mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering. Scarlett Johansson uses apple cider vinegar as a cleanser. Kate Moss submerges her face in cucumber water to perk up her skin.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed his wife Mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife. He flew into a rage after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn. But today it can be revealed Mr Gunn, 41, had previous affairs with women. A former girlfriend revealed their relationship ended because he had been sleeping with a woman on his rounds. She also told how when she confronted him about the affair, he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner.
The Revered Al Sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the Walter Scott situation on Sunday morning. Elected officials and police from North Charleston were in attendance and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson was also there to hear Sharpton speak. The civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the shooting on Sunday afternoon.
A poll of 2,000 Britons found that 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating. Two in five had injured their back, one in five cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. A careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and warned that 'another 7/7' could happen unless Britain makes sweeping changes to the way it tackles terrorism. The former head of the Crown Prosecution Service in the north-west said children are'manipulated' by Islamists. He added that a community-led approach to dealing with teenagers who have been corrupted by terrorists would be more successful.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. The research was led by Dr Jordi Agusti from the Catalan Institution for Research and Advanced Studies (ICREA)
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor.
London Mayor will make a high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron. There have been growing calls from Conservative MPs for Mr Johnson to be weaponised as the party seeks to break away from Labour. Internal polling suggests Mr Johnson is by far the most popular senior Tory among Ukip voters.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands yesterday at the Summit of the Americas in Panama. The gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of Obama's project to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba, which have been frozen since the 1960s. The White House has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between Castro, brother of revolutionary leader Fidel, and Obama today. Speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of Cuba from the State Department's list of state terror sponsors.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. She chalked it up to heavy drinking a few days before, so thought it was a hangover. But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. She was rushed to hospital, where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms. Blood clots were blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. A year later she was dealt another blow when medics found another blockage in her right lung.
Once down-at-heel city has become one of Europe's hippest destinations. Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several popup versions of the Parisian gallery planned outside France. The Automobile Museum houses around 90 classic cars, plus displays of haute couture. The Picasso Birthplace Museum contains more paintings, ceramics and early photos.
Ashley Madison, an online dating agency, is betting on Europe's relaxed attitude to boost its investment when it lists shares on the stock market in London later this year. It's founder Noel Biderman, 43, who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney. He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. Ashley Madison claims to be the world's second-largest dating website. Only Match.com is bigger.
Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument. The victim was found lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck under a bridge in San Diego Sunday afternoon. Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems, according to police.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' In the YouTube video Camargo can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries. She then reaches behind him, grabs the tablet and hits him in the face.
One woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips, two silver star stickers covering her nipples. Another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and a sheer white printed kimono. One couple wore matching American flag leotards to the festival.
John Brynarsky's son Chris, a custom paint job expert, was shot and killed in October 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in Union County, North Carolina. When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he was working on and damaged it. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car. 'I just wanted to immortalize him. That was my way of doing it'
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in the Ugandan capital Kampala. He was arrested over the brutal murder of top female prosecutor Joan Kagezi. She was killed in front of her children days before a major trial against Islamist terror network Al-Shabaab. He is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners awarded a £20million payout over claims of false imprisonment and human rights abuse.
Poll of 15,560 family doctors also found that one in six is considering going part-time and 7 per cent are contemplating quitting altogether. Senior GPs say they are facing incredible pressures brought on by an increasingly ageing population who have complicated illnesses. There is now a national recruitment crisis and many surgeries are short-staffed.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa. Among them were some 400 Zimbabweans, including pregnant women and babies. About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos. Their plight emerged as South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in a pond in Norfolk in 1988. She was accused of dumping the boy and was told she could be his mother. But today it emerged that the boy's mother had been arrested nearly three decades on. Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace back to his family. The mother, who has not been named, told officers she had put the body into the lake after going through the trauma of a stillbirth.
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs. But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes. Doctors at Imperial College London came to the conclusion after taking a new look at Caesar's symptoms described in Greek and Roman documents.
Baroness Hale of Richmond wants to see bitterness taken out of matrimonial disputes. She also wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money before obtaining a divorce. Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year and those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness.
Marla McCants, from Nashville, Tennessee, was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage when she was in her early 20s. After the ordeal, Marla refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her. She soon turned to food for comfort, and by the time her ex was caught, it was too late. She already weighed 700lbs. After a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up.
Gang posed as wealthy Italian businessmen and planned to steal £1.5m in jewellery. They planned to use a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a 'Trojan Horse' One of them would hide inside and secretly switch a haul of Euros for fake money. While a price was agreed, the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes. The gang  posing as wealthy Italians  would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery in Manchester. Luigi Arcuri, 73, Nikolic Giuliano, 37, and Antonino Ballistreri, 45, were each sentenced to
Sarah Fox, 27, and her mother Bernadette, 57, were found dead in Bootle. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police are hunting for Peter Fox, 26, the brother and son of the two women. Detectives have released CCTV images of him leaving Liverpool Lime Street. He is described as white, between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short, dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes.
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness inside a squalid, windowless barn. The dogs were mostly all adults and a variety of breeds including Golden Retrievers, Shih Tzus, Yorkshire Terriers and Border Collies, but some were so dirty it was hard to tell. The property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty.
Olivier Rousteing, 29, recruited the couple for his Army Of Lovers campaign. Says they embody idea of a modern family. Kim, Kanye and North often wear his clothes for the red carpet. The couple have a 22-month-old daughter, North West.
Marco Rubio told Face The Nation he believes people are born with a sexual preference. But insisted same-sex marriage should not be a constitutional right. Admitted last week he would attend a gay wedding of someone he 'cared' for, even if he didn't agree with what they were doing.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s. They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were redeveloped as an air raid shelter. Residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs. The shelter became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who would be allowed to seek refuge there.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports. The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm Friday. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail.
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London, has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive. Mother-of-two has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy. In the space of 11 months, the 35-year-old's eggs have become twin girls, twin boys and a baby boy.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. 'Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents' following the incident, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said. The incident is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday.
French coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon. He had tried to board a ferry to cross the River Dart but was turned back. The ferry company confirmed that the coach was too big to be allowed to cross. Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move and the bus would slid into the estuary.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed because it is not 'English-themed' The council has now apologised after their response sparked a backlash from locals.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was arrested with eight relatives - including four children - earlier this month. It is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman. The remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live on Saturday April 11, having battled leukaemia since 2013. The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago after being left devastated by the news. Friends, family, and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair's dream wedding, and Laura and Jack got married in Torbay Hospital Chapel just six days after the heartbreaking news. Ed Sheeran even sent them a personal video. In it he said: 'Hope you have an amazing wedding. And drink
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for the killing of Russell Allen Baker. Baker was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year. In 2012 his conviction was overturned by Judge Sarah Stewart who blasted his initial trial, pointing out that his lawyers were substandard and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty. Today he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder, with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. He stopped to quickly chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five. As Gasol walked away the delighted boy clutched his Grizzlies jacket to his chest as the biggest smile spread across his face.
Candice Bergen, now 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown. After the first year of the hit TV show, when she won the Golden Globe and Emmy for best actress, her salary headed skyward for over ten years and she kept that fact a secret. Her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie.. Charlie McCarthy was willed $10,000 with the proviso that the funds be managed, invested and reinvested to fund ventriloquist performances in the future.
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, found her 'twin stranger' in Karen Branigan, 29. She teamed up with two friends to launch a project called Twin Strangers. The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days. Miss Geaney found Karen in just two weeks - just an hour away.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in Oxfordshire. It boasts stunning grounds, luxury accommodation and two Michelin-starred restaraunt. Lucy Verasamy attended a Food, Body, Mind course at the in-house cookery school.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam. He said the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs. Mr Cooper said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there. National Farmers' Union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets. They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing. The Bay Area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the U.S., with approximately 14,000 people living in San Francisco and San Jose alone.
Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following a tip-off. They found caged dogs in the kitchen, a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner himself in the process of decapitating and butchering a canine carcass. Owner Yu Yu Chou told local newspaper reporters: 'I admit to killing the dog, but the meat is for my own personal use, not for my customers'
Shona Banda, 37, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas. Her boy was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. The Department of Children and Families in the small Midwestern town then contacted police who went to Banda's home. She did not give authorities consent to search her home, but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant, oil, joint, gel and capsule form along with paraphernalia for the drug. Two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, grew up as a boy called Ian. She has worked with and modelled for fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by megastar Rihanna. She began living as a woman at the age of 18 and started taking drugs friends had been prescribed at 23. It was only at 25 she was offered the hormones by her doctor.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT. The female seal suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact. The force of the collision broke Sponge Bobby's jaw causing her a painful death off the Dorset coast. The six-month-old seal had been earlier rescued in November when she was suffering breathing difficulties.
Miliband will hand Scottish MPs the power to set a higher state pension. He will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto tomorrow. But the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk by setting Scotland apart from the rest of the UK.
French officials said the illicit drugs were worth more than ¬1.3million (£950,000) They were discovered in a suitcase that arrived at the airport in Nice on a flight from the Dominican Republic. Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the cocaine.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday after he fell at a previous hearing. The Death Row Records co-founder complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk. His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client. Judge Coen is giving the former rap music mogul time to hire an attorney in a robbery case filed against him last year.
Westerners believe ultra-violence is only way to make their name in Syria and Iraq. Ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as Chechnya and East Africa. This would partly explain why so many Western extremists are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda releases.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period. She also frequently needed to urinate - but put it down to irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis, which she had previously suffered. One evening, she saw a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms. She realised she had them all and went to see her doctor. Tests revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had begun to spread. She underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries. She is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she
Yvonne Deegan, 77, described the investigation as 'absolutely diabolical' Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle. Police last week told Mrs Deegan that his death is one of four on the small island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into Dr Rory Lyons. The retired stonemason was a close friend of Colin Cosheril, 63, whose sudden death last year is being also being looked at.
Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. Colleen Harris was charged in 1985 shotgun killing of her then-husband, 46-year-old James Batten. Her attorney argued the killing was self-defense because of ongoing abuse, and jurors acquitted her.
Doaa and Umm escaped from Islamic State's al-Khansa Brigade earlier this year. Revealed they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey the group's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee. Now the pair, who are living in Turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters who, they believe, are following them.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. The agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. The ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13, federal health officials said. The CDC said staff on the Infinity stepped up cleaning and disinfection in response to the outbreak.
Officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer Luke Watson on Twitter, promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow if the first image was retweeted 500 times. 560 retweets later and Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink.
Kim, 34, shared her beauty essentials on Instagram. Protects skin with £65 Creme de la Mer SPF 30 UV Protecting Fluid. Loves to spritz face with £12 rose water mist from Glossier. Calls on Anastasia Soare for eyebrow shaping.
Gavin Thorman, 36, operated his drug empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. He boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail. Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were all seized by detectives when they cracked the huge crime operation which involved 26 members of the same gang. Thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from Liverpool and Manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in North Wales.
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a pond in Northern California. The 5-year-old was driving the 50cc ATV, and his younger friend, Jayden, was on the back. Blake's father jumped into the pond and brought the children ashore but could not revive them. The two young friends were airlifted to a hospital, where they died Sunday night.
The luxurious Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands. It is Sir Richard Branson's private reserve. Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, 54, stars as fictional US President Selina Meyer in the hit comedy show. In the latest issue of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work, the actress revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of Veep was inspired by none other than presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG, including the 'Rand on a Stick' item feature. For $100 Paul's supporters can purchase branded versions of cornhall, the bean bag toss game that's especially popular with the southerners from Paul's native region. And for $1,000 they can become the owner of an autographed Rand Paul pocket Constitution. Paul announced this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace. They spent the weekend at Kates family home in Berkshire, where they took a trip to their local farm park. The couple returned to their London base, just a few minutes drive from the private Lindo Wing at St Mary's, Paddington, on Sunday night. Prince William will enjoy what amounts to six weeks paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess. The second in line to the throne had been expected to still be working around the time his wife is expecting their new baby.
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old Fred Hatch in their communal garden. Rogers then calmly called the police and told them: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer' Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden. She then discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press a panic alarm. Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today.
University of Cape Town has voted to remove statue of Cecil Rhodes. It follows weeks of protests over the symbolism of the bronze sculpture. It has not yet been decided where the statue will be moved. But the decision to move the monument has sparked protests in itself. White Afrikaner solidarity groups are demanding protection for their heritage.
Police were called to a reported break in at a house in Hagerstown, Maryland before using a Taser on a black man who was staggering around outside. The man, who has not yet been identified, was said to be under the influence of drugs before police used the Taser and he was pronounced dead at a local hospital. The Washington County Sheriff's Office is investigating both the actions of the officers as well as any other possible crimes during the incident.
The Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature. If it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. And if it's too cold, the case can heat the phone using resistance coils. Amited is launching an Indiegogo campaign to fund production of the case. It will be available for pre-order for Apple, Samsung, HTC & Nexus phones.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, 52-year-old Douglas Mess, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. State police troopers went to the home after the couple's son, Douglas Mess Jr., 29, reported that his father was missing. The younger Mess said that his dad had failed to show up to work on Monday morning and had not been seen since 8pm on Sunday. It took seven hours to locate Mess' body, which was concealed in a mound of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm.
Bridget Klecker, 42, died on Friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in San Francisco. The car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. A close friend of Klecker said that the pair were supposed to go to the San Francisco Giants season opener on Monday. The suspects are allegedly responsible for several armed robberies across San Francisco, including three on Friday night.
Victoria Wasteney says she was branded a'religious nutcase' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist. She was given a written warning for praying for a Muslim colleague and inviting her to church events. Her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal, arguing that they broke the law by restricting her freedom of conscience and religion.
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men. They were at the helm of the Turkish-flagged yacht attempting to reach the Italian coast. It is thought the smugglers had charged each person $8,500 (£5,700) to make the crossing. Police said the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of £536,000.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother. Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home. His attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in East Hartford.
The agreement with Tebow, 27, stemming from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month, has been finalized, reports say. Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013. The New England Patriots made Tebow one of their final roster cuts in 2013 and he spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator.
Bradford Brewing Company owner Matthew Halliday has seen spike in sales. He said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery's Brewfactory bar. Spat started after the Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was'still a thing' Mr Galloway, who doesn't drink, responded: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
Philip Glenister and Ant Anstead return for a second series of For The Love of Cars. The Channel 4 programme celebrates the duo's love affair with classic cars. Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles. The pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them.
Gold and silver bars had been loaded onto a former Irish Sea ferry. The former ferry, HMS Ulster Queen, arrived in Greenock in November 1942. But as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters.
Nicky Morgan said Nigel Farage is 'not my cup of tea' and would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with the Ukip leader. David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives, but has stopped short of ruling out having to rely on the Eurosceptic party. Mr Farage sparked controversy last week when he used a televised leaders' debate to target people with HIV coming to Britain.
Dr Teresa Belton is the author of Happier People Healthier Planet. She believes there are simple things we can do every day to increase happiness. The 62-year-old believes that people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives. Practices include regularly making lists of things for which you are grateful.
The latest celebrity beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone. Getting a Nefertiti Lift, or lower face rejuvenation has become a must have in Hollywood. Dr Barbara Kubicka sees a host of celebrities at her Knightsbridge clinic. She says it's actually your face shape that's making you look older.
Group of 40 tourists were fooled into thinking they were in Costa Rica. But in fact, they were exploring the activities on offer in the Amazon rainforest. The creative prank was executed by the Ecuadorean airline Tame, Ecuador's Tourism Ministry and Ministry of Transport and Public Works. The stunt sparked outrage from the Costa Rican Tourism Institute, the presidential palace and the Foreign Ministry. Ecuador has since issued an apology to Costa Rica and settled the matter.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum is one of the world's richest men. He wants to build a six-storey super car park for his fleet of 114 cars. The car park will be built next to Battersea heliport by the River Thames.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. His family has not revealed the cause of his death.
Visit history.google.com and log in with your Google account. Click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date. To delete your entire search history, click settings, remove items and pick a time frame, such 'from the beginning of time'
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles away in Gary. Police believe a woman posing as a Child Protective Services worker lured Fleming to the city so that she could kill her and steal her baby. The baby, Serenity, has been found and is in the custody of the suspect's sister. The suspect, who has not been identified, is now in mental health care.
Experts have voiced concerns over DIY brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online. For a few hundred dollars, one can be purchased online from various sites and delivered to your door. When placed on the head, the devices stimulates the brain by applying electrical currents to a small region of the scalp. One site even advertises how to make your own electrodes using a household sponge.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates. It is best known for its aggressive campaign against the US in a row over Argentinas debt crisis, which dates back to the 1982 Falklands War. Tory MPs last night claimed Labour's Argentinian link was an embarrassment for Miliband.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says any number of causes could have caused the French Alps tragedy. He says passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets and someone could have hacked into its 'control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception' Mr Andersson says the public should reserve final judgment until investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion.
Amanda Casey, also of North Carolina, was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie, who was murdered in 2012. Casey said they dated for a year-and-a-half before getting married. A couple months after marrying in 2004, he began controlling aspects of Casey's life and alienating himself from Casey's daughter from a previous marriage. He began to get physically abusive and attacked her when she was pregnant with their daughter. He 'grabbed me around my throat and threw me around our bedroom
Homaro Cantu, 38, was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner. An autopsy has been scheduled for Wednesday, but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two's death as a suicide. Friends say Cantu had recently become strained by a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant Cantu shuttered last year. Last month, investor Alex Espalin accused Cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday. The 48-year-old Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime. He 'actively' campaigned against extremist, his family have revealed. A 46- year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. He is being questioned at a central London police station.
Chernae Noonan founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003. She has stopped BeneFit Cosmetics from using 'Brow Bar' exclusively. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy (LVMH), which is run by luxury goods tycoon Bernard Arnault. Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion. The case between Ms Noonan and BeneFit was heard in the Australian Trade Marks Office in February.
David Cameron reveals he and wife Samantha were 'falling apart' Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder. It left him in a wheelchair, needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits. He died aged six in 2009. In a tearful interview, Mrs Cameron spoke of the 'nightmare' of learning that their first child had a rare disorder.
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas. Authorities initially classed the mass murder as workplace violence but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism. Earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed, while serving. But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after the Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty. Staff sergeant Shawn Manning was
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider. Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots. Trooper Gababrd launched a manhunt for Kimmel and later found him on horseback again and according to the FloydCountyTimes, he resisted arrest. Kimmel faces DUI, fleeing or evading police, and other possible charges.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. His girlfriend Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend. For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery. On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, and although they still need an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The transgender teen committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. In a statement late Wednesday, White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors.
Russian-Ukrainian film about legendary sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko aiming to be a hit in both nations. Titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' across the border in Ukraine, the movie is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived. Despite the freeze in ties between the former Soviet nations that has seen Ukraine ban a slew of modern Russian films, the $5million (£3m) movie was launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in both Moscow and Kiev.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was home to a post office, grocery store and even a school house in the 1870s and 80s. But now, the ghost town is a shadow of its former self, with its once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. However, it is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis. The couple, who live in a house just north of the building, tend to the site's numerous cattle. Town once housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's
'Child 44', starring Tom Hardy, Vincent Cassel and Gary Oldman, tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in the Stalin era. Russia's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over Nazi Germany. The move to effectively ban a major mainstream Hollywood film just a day before it was due to premiere is unprecedented.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, for receipt and distribution of child pornography. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island. Laptops and mobile phones were seized from his home, while photos and videos of two females were also discovered on a storage device and a computer allegedly belonging to Cobb. If convicted he faces 20 years' jail in the U.S.
The Post and Courier newspaper of Charleston, South Carolina scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women. The newspaper was awarded the gold medal for public service, the first time in five years that the prize has gone to such a small newspaper. Other winners of the coveted award included the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. It received the Pulitzer prize in photography for its coverage of the Ferguson, Missouri riots in the wake of the shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson. The New York Times shared the prize for international reporting for its Coverage of the deadly Ebola
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television. Scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander' - a British-American drama about a married World War II nurse.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, gave the impassioned speech at the service for Walter Scott. He said: 'Walter's death was motivated by racial discrimination. You've got to hate somebody to shoot them in the back. This officer is a disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department... You don't tase a man and then shoot him. A badge is not authority to murder' Scott, 50, was shot dead by police officer Michael Slager on April 4 after he was pulled over for a broken tail light.
Small aircraft reported missing around 30 miles east of Oban this afternoon. Lifeboats, helicopters and the police were scrambled to help locate the plane. At around 8pm this evening officers discovered the remains of two passengers. The plane was travelling from central Scotland to Tiree, the most westerly island of the inner Hebrides.
Harley Renshaw was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. He had 80 days of intensive chemotherapy and an operation to remove his kidney tumour. A month later, he was back at hospital for a stem cell transplant. He suffered complications as a result of the procedure, but battled through them to return home for his fifth birthday. He also had weeks of radiotherapy at The Christie clinic in Manchester. Finally, he and his parents were given the incredible news he was cancer-free.
A-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £31.5 million west London home. One neighbour was furious with the proposals, claiming it 'will affect the historic character of the Victorian house of the streets, my house included' But other locals gave their support to the Beckhams and the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved the plans.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown. She abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information. Her decision sparked an ugly blame game as the architects of the £20million politically-motivated witch hunt turned against each other. Prosecutors and police pointed the finger at the Leveson inquiry and MPs.
Residents of Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of unarmed black driver Walter Scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police. The officer who shot Scott, Michael Slager, had little in his file to suggest excessive force. People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs. The account was started by writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. Highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner's sunglasses. Another post of an Alsatian running along with its skateboarding owner attracted an impressive 8,435 likes.
US genealogy expert Megan Smolenyak has traced Mrs Clintons roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, a small community in south Wales. The district, known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty, has since been abolished and is now part of Rhondda. Mrs Clinton's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys, and from an early age supported her widowed mother. She went on to marry William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871 and the couple settled in Ystr
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller allegedly struck and killed Trinity Backmann on February 28 in Apopka, Florida. Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were heading home from dropping one of the girl's friends off after they attended the Central Florida Fair at about 8.30pm. After an argument about who would sit in the front seat, Trinity said she would walk home and got out of the vehicle. She eventually sat in the middle of the road, which is when Pedroza tried to get Trinity to get back into the car, which she refused. As they were arguing in the street
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was given 25 years to life in prison on Monday after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed a young Hasidic Jewish couple and their unborn child. The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when he hit Nachman and Raizel Glauber. The 21-year-old Glaubers, who were married in 2012, were not wearing seat belts when the Toyota Camry they were riding in was T-boned by Aceved
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013. They had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark, who picked it up from the ocean floor. Now, in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring, Mr and Mrs Castillo have renewed their vows - and asked Mr Roark to serve as their 'padrino de anillo', or 'godfather of the ring'
The former husband of Whitney Houston looked tired and grief stricken at times during his performance, his first public appearance since Bobbi Kristina fell into a coma. The one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times' Bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown Los Angeles on Saturday.
Ronald Anderson, 48, who was charged in the crime spree, was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. The woman, whose 10-month-old son was home, told police that Anderson had hit her several times, knocking her into walls, because he thought she was looking at another man. The Census Bureau guard who was shot, Lawrence Buckner, 59, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7.19pm Thursday. Anderson turned 48 the same day as the shooting.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, are believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa. Begum has forged social media links with three of the British leaders of the al-Khansa brigade  an all-women militia set up by the terror group a year ago. Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, the group has been accused of doling out savage beatings. They are said to mercilessly patrol the streets of Raqqa and have previously declared children as young as nine should be married.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. BBC stressed that the audience was carefully selected by an process. But Mr Farage said something had gone 'wrong' with the process. Pollster ICM today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques'
Former SNP leader said Labour leader would find it difficult to avoid doing a deal with the Scottish nationalists in the event of hung parliament. He suggested Mr Miliband had only rejected the idea because he was 'under pressure from the Conservative press' He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day on May 7.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in new campaign for Garnier Nutrisse. Can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache. Holly has also designed a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year. The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against her spine and vital organs causing her swollen stomach. She had four rounds of chemotherapy which her oncologist had hoped would shrink the tumour. A day before her last chemotherapy treatment, Rosannah's mother gave birth to her second child, Skylah. Two week later, the family was told that the chemotherapy hadn't been successful in reducing the cancer to an operable size. The family is now seeking treatment for Rosannah in the United States.
Yogita Rameshbhai Nandwana, five, and Anisha, three, are among the world's heaviest young children. Weighing 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5 lbs (15kg) respectively. Food they eat in a week is enough to feed two families in a month. Now their father is planning to sell his kidney to earn money needed to see top specialists.
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil. He has been charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck and aiding illegal immigration. Prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue. Before leaving the Italian coastguard vessel, he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of Malta.
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems up three points to 12 per cent in polls. It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems. Poll will ease Tory jitters with less than a month to go to election day. Tories are on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent, poll shows.
Details of George Osborne's plans are unclear, but it is believed to mean that minimum wage earners wouldn't be paying any income tax. Text message intended for senior aide accidentally sent to a newspaper. Labours Ed Miliband yesterday pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above £8 an hour by October 2019.
Frankie Ruttledge, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18 stone 7lbs. The 24-year-old has been a 'fat bridesmaid' three times. Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years.
Sienna Miller's mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies. Despite being'very sporty at school', the actress says she's 'not a gym person' The slim actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
The photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland, as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn. Mr Allan, from the Archer River Roadhouse, says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of Anzac Day. The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years'
Dana Marie McKinnon, of Oviedo, was taken into custody Tuesday on charges of DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide. She is being held at the Orange County Jail on $10,150 bail. According to Florida Highway Patrol, McKinnon was under the influence of alcohol when she slammed into the vehicle of 42-year-old Orlando businessman Vihn Vo on the morning of May 18, 2013. The victim was pronounced dead at the scene, despite Good Samaritans' desperate efforts to save him.
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. He was hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year. Has helped refine Mr Milibands message about tackling the cost of living and making sure the wealthy pay their fair share. Mr Axelrod makes infrequent visits to the UK to meet Mr Miliband and offers advice by phone.
A union plumber, a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of James Holmes. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado. Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time. If they find him guilty, they must also decide if he should be put to death or sentenced to life without parole.
A lack of iron, especially in women, is known to trigger hair loss. But should you take iron pills to treat it? This is a bit of a moot point, says Dr Vicky Jolliffe. Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair, experts say.
The Northern Territorys Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat. It comes after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs surrounding the Easter holidays. On Monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw large rocks at police. Parents will also be fined $298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours.
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. The crane he was working on stands east of the Rogers Centre at Yonge and the Esplanade in downtown Toronto. In the shot, Mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18. Posed in campaigns for major brands including Marks & Spencer, QVC and Dove. But she was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months.
Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of Dr Rory Lyons. Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure. Dr Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service. His surgery was raided following four deaths 'of concern' in past 18 months.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his 43-year-old wife Antika, and their six children were all discovered at their house in the country's eastern Agri Province. Turkish authorities believe the family, which included siblings as young as three-years-old, died of food poisoning. Other theories suggested that the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting purposes. The only survivor was the couple's eldest son, Kemal Zey at, 19, who had been out at work in the north-western city of Istanbul.
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, plied two-year-old Loh Grenada with Benedryl to make her sleep before covering her mouth and nose with duct tape and a blanket, a court heard. The body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson, Maine, on June 24, 2013. Assistant Attorney General Deb Cashman said Norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend, the father of her child, dating other women.
Sally White, 28, rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned without food and water. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed.
Larry McElroy, 54, fired his 9mm pistol at the armadillo in his Leesburg, Georgia backyard on Sunday night. While one bullet killed the animal, deputies say another bounced off the armored animal, hit a fence, traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law's mobile home and struck her in the back. Lee County Sheriff's department said they recommend using a shotgun to kill vermin.
Dino Maglio has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl. He was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday. Prosecutors said Maglio spiked a glass of Baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill. Maglio claimed sex with the girl, who was under-age at the time, was consensual but admitted he was stupid to spike her drink.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts linked to human rights abuses. Hotels are coded as 'low risk,''high risk, or 'under consideration' depending on their ties to corruption. Conrad Maldives Rangali Island is listed as one to avoid.
Asda has recalled the Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ months. The supermarket was alerted to a possible fault in the packs on Facebook. Complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing. Customers have been asked to dispose of the products or return them for a refund.
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim. She's since gone on to become Britains most distinctive female ultra runner Hawker says she always felt a profound connection to nature. She became a vegetarian aged five, and knew her future lay in the mountains.
'I've got a driver  a 16-year-old  driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday. Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside theWhite House grounds on her own. The first lady also jokingly dismissed a Time magazine article which named Malia and sister Sasha among the 25 Most Influential Teens of 2014.
The #ThisDoesn'tMeanYes movement aims to stamp out victim blaming. A photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign. The photos are accompanied by the manifesto which states that no piece of clothing means 'yes' In January this year the head of the Crown Prosecution Service, Alison Saunders, said society must 'challenge' the view that rape victims should be blamed if they had been 'drinking'
Former Northern Territory politician Matthew Gardiner has been detained at Darwin airport. The 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting the Islamic State in Syria. In January the senior NT Labor party figure fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants - an action which is penalised with life in prison in Australia. Australian Federal Police confirmed to Daily Mail Australia that a man had been detained.
PM will claim Labour's economic policies could see 'a million more people joining the dole queues' He will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks, worth at least £2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff. Cameron will hail the 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day.
Collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful. As it gets older, the bodys reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to develop wrinkles.
Each morning, fishermen in Guilin, China, release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp. The fishermen quite literally just take the carp right out of the bird's mouth after the hungry animals return with their haul. The stunning images were captured by 45-year-old Viktoriaa Rogotneva from St Petersburg, Russia.
MailOnline Travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins. Take in the sights of the Smithsonian alongside Washington's cherry blossom trees. Head to the'most unspoiled medieval town' in Europe, Caceres, to wander among the fields of lavender.
Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom townhouse for £780,700. She split from her former husband Michael in December 2011 after she believed he had an affair with bra designer Samantha Bunn. She spent months renovating the two-storey property in the Park Circus area of Glasgow. It features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall, as well as a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room. The master suite comes with it's own wet room and a baby grand piano in it.
Gold Coast City Council will finally be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours. The new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects  with estimated values of £500 to £30,000  will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christies South Kensington. Filled with historic artefacts, pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners travels, the Around the World auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust. One of the highlights of the collection  consignors  is 11 professionally restored photos of Captain Scott's fateful British Antarctic Expedition.
Every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display. All 62 items  including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks  have been placed in storage. Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear the break with the past.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi in a 2013 coup. The dual citizen had been working as a translator for journalists during protests in the summer of 2013. His father Salah Soltan was among the 14 detainees sentenced to death. Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata is known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too 'unattractive' for her. But it looks like things are starting to take a turn for the better for the newlyweds after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations.
Five Afghan men found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry in Gloucestershire. Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors. It is thought the migrants had climbed into the British-registered truck in Belgium before crossing the channel and entering the UK illegally.
Police have revealed that they believe missing toddler William Tyrell may be alive, despite fears that he was abducted by a paedophile ring. 'The two worlds collided. We have information that could link Williams disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity,' said lead investigator Detective Inspector Gary Jubelin. This comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son had vanished. She said she had a vision that somebody'reached over... has gone `clump' on his shoulders, picked him up and moved him on.
Astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. A white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close. When a star reaches its white dwarf stage, nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star.
Natalie Bennett said the so-called citizens income would take longer than five years to bring in, and could take even longer. She said another Green pledge  to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines  was also a long-term aspiration The partys policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was many decades into the future'
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country. Last year Will Marks, the British man who won the amateur half marathon category, revealed how runners were banned from displaying country flags and western logos. Photography was also forbidden, but many runners flouted the rule.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a close on Thursday night in Sydney. FEMAIL take a look back at the trends emerging from the shows, the beautiful designs we can't wait to hang in our wardrobes and the trends we won't be trying any time soon. Some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag, other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model's backs.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus. Sabra has a production plant in Virginia's Chesterfield County. The company said it has so far not yet received any sickness reports.
Heather Mack, 19, smiled and laughed as she cradled baby Stella in a holding cell. She said: 'I should not be sent to prison because I'm innocent. I haven't murdered anybody. I didn't murder my mother' Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer accused of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62, in St Regis Hotel, Bali, in August last year. Prosecutors have asked judges in the holiday resort to jail Mack for 15 years and Schaefer for 18 years.
Sue Sharp bought £11 leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland. Packaging claims it was born, reared and slaughtered in the UK. But a stamp on the meat said it had come from New Zealand. Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error.
Steven and Sarah Nick allegedly stole more than $50,000 to build up arsenal. Police raided their home in Davison Township, Michigan, last year. They are accused of plundering Mrs Nick's 67-year-old mother's savings. Many of the 30 weapons were legally owned, but the couple are said to have links to the Michigan militia.
Four out of ten people think Prince Charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to William. Only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside. William and Prince Harry are the most popular members of the Royal Family, closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after his washer broke. The 20-year-old then posted a picture of herself in the star's polo shirt. She also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. Niall has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters, caddying for Rory McIlroy. He has confirmed he will perform on stage with the boyband in Boston.
Up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone. The demand is putting endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk. The tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown. Rising demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres is behind the recent expansion of plantations.
Ms Sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence vote in next few years. Earlier, she had said 2014's referendum was a 'once in a generation' event. But last night, she said she respected last year's result and would not call for another plebiscite in the SNP manifesto for the Westminster election in May. She said she wanted to wanted to do a deal with Mr Miliband so she can influence the policies of a Labour government and keep it 'honest' But she said the polls showed that Labour could not beat the Tories on their own.
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996. Crimestoppers is offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of Kerr.
A third of Australian women are choosing work and'more important things' over their passions, according to a recent survey. The survey of 1,025 Australian parents, conducted by Officeworks, found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments. The cost, says clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins, will be our happiness. Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload.
Kevin Russ traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. Armed with just his phone and a sleeping bag, Russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches. The photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take pictures.
Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars  the most since 2007. We are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s.
Joe Anderson, 56, was a mentor at Chesterfield High School, Merseyside. He was paid £4,500 per year despite doing nothing for the school's pupils. Mr Anderson, who is paid an £80,000 salary, tried to sue the school for discrimination. He claimed he was being punished for his 'philosophical belief' in public service. But a judge ruled that the school was right to stop the payments.
Andreas Lubitz, who purposefully crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, had been treated for a psychiatric illness, it later emerged. The discovery sparked a debate over whether airlines should be given greater access to pilots' medical records. German privacy laws which prevented doctors treating Lubitz from telling his airline about his'suicidal tendencies' were introduced as a consequence of the Nazis.
Ronnie Carroll died just days after getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn. Due to stand as an independent, Mr Carroll was 80 and had contested elections before. He came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision contests, with the songs Ring-a-Ding Girl and Say Wonderful Things respectively.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money. Some trusts are charging up to a shameful £2,700 for one eye. Patients who cannot read, sew or watch television are routinely turned away. More than half of over-65s suffer from cataracts, which make vision blurred.
Study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes. Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. The authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions. Lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off, to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes. And they say their method could even help birds avoid collisions with buildings and wind turbines by also covering them in blue lights.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale, arrested at Birmingham Airport this morning. He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain last night. Ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children - were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border.
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, died after he and a colleague got into difficulties battling a fire started at Paul's Hair World in Manchester's Northern Quarter. The girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight. She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared today.
Farmers and shearers across Australia are 'prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry' after PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. The disturbing clips showed Australian shearers kicking, stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle. PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed 'the realities of the Australian wool industry'
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan, Canada. A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. The troubled child was described as appearing scared but also excited, telling his friends how a 'big guy' had struck Lee with a stick three times, pushed him down an embankment and then bashed him with a rock. Lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother,
NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria. He was held captive for five days and expected to be killed. Mr Engel was convinced by his captors he had been taken by government forces. But he has now revealed they may have been Sunni rebels instead. NBC said it was clear the group were released for propaganda purposes.
Kai Windsor, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, was born a girl. He shunned traditional girls' toys in favour of kicking a ball around. By four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short. By nine, he had finally broken the truth to his mother Rachel, 37. Now, at the age of ten, Kai is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
Kay Hafford, 28, was shot in the back of the head in a Houston road-rage accident but was able to pull over and call for help. Dietrich Evans, 22, has been arrested and charged with aggravated assault. The church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and said she felt sorry for him.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design. The Massachusetts company says its vision is to create lawnmowers that are guided wirelessly from beacons on poles stuck into the lawn. The problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on. 'We'll see the whole thing with our electronics,' Harvey Liszt, spectrum manager for the observatory, said.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night with a spectacular show by Johanna Johnson. The collection, Sirens' Call, featured intricate wedding gowns with with hand-beaded detailing. Johnson said ahead of the show that she intended to 'bring a little bit of Hollywood to Sydney' The in-demand designer is a favourite amongst celebrities, including Madonna.
Hayley Sandiford, 30, has been told she must get rid of her American bulldog Winston by the end of April or she will lose her house. The pet has attacked several terrified postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire. Angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying 'keep your devil dog away', she says. Winston's attacks led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60 homes in his neighbourhood.
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot her estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. Sunday. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. Mrs Skinner armed herself with a shotgun then went into the garage, where he followed her and aimed his pistol at her. She then opened fire, hitting him in the chest, causing life-threatening injuries. Officers from Huntsville police arrived on scene and heard gunshots ring out and saw Mrs Skinner in the garage holding the shotgun. They demanded that she drop her weapon but when she turned toward
15-month-old Budi and Jemmi have developed a 'beautiful friendship' Video footage shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit. At one point Jemmi nuzzles Budi's side and purses her lips, as if she is blowing him a kiss. He then promptly performs the same gesture back at her.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico. In the video the beast glides through the water, with rocks on one side and a footpath on the other, as crowds gasp in amazement.
The Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey has decreed that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable. The code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet and should enter with their left foot and leave with their right, speaking a prayer. The set of rules for how Muslims should relieve themselves was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae, which landed on comet 67P in November, show the comet's core isn't magnetised. Some astrophysicists have suggested magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation.
Teenagers were detained at their homes in Coventry, West Midlands. A 39-year-old man has also been held on suspicion of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism. All three are currently in custody in a West Midlands police station. West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists after it was revealed there had been a rise in the number Syria-related investigations.
Sebastian Thrun, who founded the Google X laboratory, said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities. 'It's maybe unimaginable but it's not as far off as people think. It's very doable,' said the German-born computer scientist.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. Ms McGregor recalled that very moment - during her address to the National Press Club on Wednesday - when the prime minister told her 'it was okay' 'I actually said to him "your party won't be thrilled about this",' she said.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife, Khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the ranter insulting the Muslim couple as 'ISIS terrorists' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple. NSW police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident. The Brisbane couple's mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid visit to their mosque.
Elton John and lead singer of the band REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison. Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices, according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmates gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition.
Attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams by a gynecologist at Johns Hopkins will receive $32 million in legal fees from a $190million settlement. The sum, will be divided among patients of Dr. Nikita Levy, who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a Hopkins-affiliated clinic. Levy was fired in February 2013, days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera. He committed suicide ten days later. Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of
Family of three arrived in Paris after Nori was baptised in Jerusalem. Kim, Kanye and Khloe visited Armenian church St James Cathedral. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. The family dined with Jerusalem mayor Nir Barkat at Mona Restaurant.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman's telephone number in the book where the paper came from.
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time, with one full cycle taking about 38 minutes to complete. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show every night. Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 (£17 to £20) Planners hope it will join the Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building as a top attraction in New York City.
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School have developed a device that clips onto a smartphone. It uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells. When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample. They produce distinctive diffraction patterns in in the image if clumped together. The researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes. They have already tested their device to detect cervical cancer in tissue samples obtained during smear tests. However, they say the system - known as digital diffraction
Jerry Grayson, 59, was the youngest pilot to join the Royal Navy in 1972. He was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race in 1979. Mr Grayson set himself the task of tracking down every helicopter he ever flew. After travelling 23,000 miles, he found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping.
Nyia Parler, 41, has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in Maryland ever since her 21-year-old son was found in a pile of wet leaves in Cobb Creek Park in Philadelphia last Friday. Police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold and to wild animals. Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list. She told concerned relatives last week that she had taken her son with her when she went to
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
The Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon. He quickly got into a muddle about the Devon and Cornish way of eating a cream tea. The Devon tradition is to slather the scone with cream first, while the Cornish  who also lay claim to inventing cream teas  prepare their scones the opposite way.
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of Edwin Eli O'Reilly. He was watching Edwin at their home in Cicero last Thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change, according to police. Enraged, he allegedly repeatedly hit the little boy. Edwin was rushed to MacNeal Hospital in Berywn, where he later died.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma on January 5. The 12-year-old was the international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September. Venessa's parents Kelly Harris and Karen Monaghan found out that their daughter could have cancer on Christmas Eve, but her condition wasn't confirmed until the new year. She is currently undergoing chemotherapy in Brisbane and is expected to make a full recovery after her treatment. Her family is able to be close by as she receives her treatment thanks to Childhood Cancer Support.
Liberty Baker, 14, was walking to school when Robert Blackwell, 19, lost control of his car and ploughed into her. He had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash. Maureen Baker, 45, wanted to walk in front of a car at the scene of her childs death so they could be reunited. Family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after New Orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two Cohen High School students. The incident took place Monday morning at a Quick Stop gas station in the 3300 block of Carondelet Street. Rudison turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery. Her son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison who was with her and allegedly took part in the attack remains at large.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered the deadly toxin off the 'dark web' He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack. The teenager pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month. But he claimed he was attempting to buy it because he wanted to commit suicide and was sentenced to a 12 month referral order.
Oklahoma University student Kelsey Higley, 22, used 126 different images to create a video entitled 'Manipulation' She posed as if she 'wanted to look like someone else' The resulting video shows her proportions morphing into different shapes, often cartoon, highlighting the constantly changing beauty ideals that women face.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5  9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says. Mr Stunz's interest in penis modifications was piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great' He moved on to saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones.
A man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked the programme on his iPad a series of questions about gay marriage, where to find gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. He asks Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response: 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative' He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could'
Ipsos Mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties. Not one Labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit; compared to 35 per cent of Tory candidates. The omission recalls Ed Milibands embarrassing gaffe in which he completely forgot an entire passage about the deficit from his conference speech.
Rebecca Adlington and husband Harry stayed at The Anantara the Palm Jumeirah. The resort is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else. Because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the Maldives.
David Cameron admits Boris Johnson is aiming to be next Tory leader. London Mayor has'suddenly realised' he is not his 'competition' Mr Cameron said: 'His competition is people who'll have a crack at it after me' Home Secretary Theresa May, Chancellor George Osborne and London mayor Boris Johnson named as potential successors.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell accused of spying on ex-partner. Court heard she also spied on PC Stuart Swarbrick's new girlfriend. A 'large number' of photographs of his new partner were found on her iPad. The 43-year-old denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.
Supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active in their jobs. Industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers. Other healthy tips are to have walking meetings or start running on the spot while at work.
Angela Linton, 47, wrote the vile message in her son's pass book. It was directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. Linton had been banned from the school after abusing staff over the phone. She has been given a 12-month community order and fined £185.
Duke of York has personally changed fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking. The girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing through charity. Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the British High Street by Topshop.
Internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally. iiNet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an 'intimidating' letter demanding significant sums of up to US$7,000 for an alleged infringement. But internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading.
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, teaches pharmacy at the University of East Anglia. She suffers from the skin condition dermatographia. This is a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears. It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell.
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38 stone. His wife Debbie, also 56, tipped the scales at 18 stone. Tony struggled with his weight since childhood when his mother would bring back treats from the biscuit factory where she worked. At his largest Tony would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up. As he gained more weight Tony developed health complications including type-two diabetes.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS) Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS - will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox. The first is a Near-Earth Asteroid (NEA) Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures and making observations. Meanwhile, BioSentinel will use yeast to detect, measure, and compare the impact of deep space radiation on living organisms over
The Blocks up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $ 1.5 million. Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves when Channel Nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend. All four apartments have been marketed without the kitchen or terrace of the apartments as they havent been formally revealed on the reality series.
Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. Britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure. Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance, putting Britain outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world.
More than 200 members of Check It, the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America, are the subjects of a new independent film. The gang members, who are aged 14 to 22, are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. They have set up their own clothing label and are putting on fashion shows in the north-east neighborhood, according to the film and an Indiegogo page.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of approaching Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005 and pointing a gun at him. The plaintiff, Luis Colon, also claimed that RapieJko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car. In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims. The settlement was reached in December 2008, the same time Rapie jko left the New York Police Department and joined the Tucson Police Department. This as the officer is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week in the lead up to the Anzac centenary. The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country. The supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users. Customers took to Facebook and Twitter to vent their anger over the campaign.
A business called Edwards Snow Den has appeared in the White House. Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a great source of classified information
The Merfin is a rubber monofin that mimics the experience of swimming like a mermaid. The product is the brainchild of Australian professional freediver Kazzie Mahina. The 37-year-old created the flippers to allow kids and adults alike to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature.
Residents in Farnham, Surrey, have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter. Binmen said the bag of Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules  even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug. Elsewhere they left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. Dozens of people have now taken to social media to complain that their blue wheelie bins have been left full ofwaste.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford killed in crash in Crowborough, East Sussex. Mr Owen, 21, was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. Mr Careford is thought to have died just days before turning 21. It is believed one of the men lost control of the Renault Clio they were travelling in as it came round a bend, smashing into a church's stone wall before finishing on its roof.
Nikki Thomas, 27, says she wishes she had done more to save her sister. Jenna Thomas, 21, was strangled to death by Philip Packer in 2008. Packer bombarded Jenna with hundreds of calls and texts a day. But Jenna never reported his behaviour to police - and paid the ultimate price. Nikki is warning others to learn from Jenna's tragic story.
Jesse Willesee was arrested at Sydney Town Hall on Monday for smoking weed. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on Instagram. Jasmine has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. Jesse lit up a joint on Monday as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20 at 4.20pm.
President Barack Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year. Aides say Obama's overall level of engagement with foreign counterparts and the different ways he interacts with them is more important than the number of dinners penciled on his calendar.
Two Muslim Liverpool supporters praying to Mecca at half-time in an FA Cup match. They had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand, apparently with the full consent of safety staff. One of the men, solicitor Asif Bodi, 46, from Preston, explained that because the televised game didnt kick off until 4pm, the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground.
Study uncovered a link between belief in God and other societal characteristics, such as a strong social hierarchy. Communities that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code, tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community. Scientists suggest that religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats.
Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week. The tennis star has admitted he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day saying 'I try to stay out of all that sort of stuff' Murray, a self-confessed foodie, will have some input for the wedding as he has chosen the menu based on a series of food tasting sessions.
Jon Hamm, 44, was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the University of Texas at Austin's Sigma Nu fraternity in 1990. Court documents claim that Hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21-year-old pledge and beat him with a paddle. Hamm was eventually charged with assault, but the charges were dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom. The actor has recently emerged from a 30-day stint in rehab.
The unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at Canberra Hospital for treatment on Friday. The woman did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an Ebola treatment clinic in Liberia before she arrived in Australia on April 5. Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were sentenced Thursday to multiple years in federal prison for their role in the 2011 hate killing of 47-year-old James Craig Anderson. Richards admitted that she encouraged Deryl Paul Dedmon to assault Anderson when they arrived in a hotel parking lot, and then yelled a racial slur and run over Anderson. Graves told the court she's haunted every day by Anderson's face. 'I pray that not only God and Mr. Anderson can forgive me, but that his family can one day forgive me,' Graves said.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth in the back of an ambulance on the way to hospital. Baby Edward followed in the footsteps of his brother Reuben, two, who was delivered by his father Peter Maddox as he and wife Katrina rushed to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital.
Britain was sixth from last in a list of the world's most religious countries. Only 30 per cent of the population called themselves religious in the UK. This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious. Thailand was the most religious country with 94 per cent calling themselves religious.
Ben Cousins, 36, has been on bail and was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park. He was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
The Mindfulness for Travel series was developed for launch of the airline's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco. The brand also tapped mindfulness expert Mark Coleman to develop a series of meditation videos. Coleman recommends wearing comfortable clothing, choosing lighter meals on board, moderating alcohol, coffee and tea intake and 'gentle exercising'
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands, where she had been a member of parliament. She has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam. 'We are so blessed as women to live in the United States,' she said. 'Is it perfect? No. Are we confronted with threats? Yes. But it's the perfect place to fight [them] off'
Sam Reese, 22, asked his date Kathleen to split the bill with him. His actions sparked a slew of furious responses on Twitter. 'I had death threats, one person said that the next time I come out in Manchester Im dead,' he said. Sam insisted that the show was 'edited' to make him look 'bad'
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in Asian communities were 'unacceptable' Culture Secretary said a'misplaced sense of political correctness' prevented police and social workers from properly investigating claims of abuse. His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford.
Trotters have released a new range fit for a Prince... or a Princess. The range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers, and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls. There are even pink or blue rabbit booties. It was reported that Prince George wore a Trotters bodysuit at a Plunket play group event in Wellington, New Zealand in 2014.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and husband Bill were spotted walking hand-in-hand in a park in Chappaqua, New York, on Saturday. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Mrs Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon. She'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the Granite State.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions. Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced. A third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion. There have been warnings that shoppers are being trained not to buy at full price, undermining profits.
James Hannaway, manager of Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from special screenings. He says he has cancelled the regular Tuesday baby matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' Mr Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies, even though they declared they'might contain babies'
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya last year. She beat him for being sick and left him to die in agony for three days. She then hid his body in a suitcase and dumped it in woods in Fife. She told police the boy had wandered off sparking a huge manhunt. Police Scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched. Up to 25 staff were alleged to have accessed confidential social work files belonging to the youngster. It has now been revealed nine workers were subject to disciplinary action.
A train heading from Queens into Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday morning. Its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. Part of the train's contact shoe, which gets power from the third rail, is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail, sparking the incident. More than 500 passengers were taken to Manhattan after spending roughly an hour and a half trapped.
Italian coffee giant Lavazza joined forces with the Turin-based engineering company Argotec and the Italian Space Agency to provide a specially designed machine for use off the planet. The espresso machine was originally intended for astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion. On Monday a version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the International Space Station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food, science research and other equipment.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin. The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. Sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform. Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott, jazz vocalist Gregory Porter and tenor Alfie Boe. 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. During the unexpectedly dangerous report, cameraman Damien Glitch was stung more than 20 times. The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees. The company that owns the insects sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible before the firefighters drowned them with foam.
The Queen was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry. As is her wont, the monarch eschewed a helmet in favour of a silk headscarf. Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at age of four.
Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif, the resident experts on the popular E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season. Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season. One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler party.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based designer Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks of pilots. Mr Grant  who has more than 30 years' experience working as a in the fashion industry  will spend time talking to pilots, travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator.
Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the Paris-Roubaix one-day race for the last time for Team Sky. He came 18th in the 254km race, which includes 27 cobbled sections and level crossings. The Tour de France winner was caught on camera crossing a level crossing before the barriers came down. Cyclists could yet be disqualified from the race as they are expressly banned from crossing level crossings when the barriers are down.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi & Saachi, has worn the same outfit to work every day for three years. The outfit is made up of black trousers, a white shirt and a custom leather rosette. Matilda says she wants to be judged on her work and her work only. She says the uniform has saved her huge amounts of money and removed a source of stress.
More than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April this year. Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them. Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, jumping from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014.
The front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday. Models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq. One model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. Another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on, but as the model walked was revealed to be a printed panel that viewed from the side revealed entirely sheer pants.
A report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between Scott and another man. When deputies told the two to break it up, the report states, Scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer. Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail. Two years ago, a man said Slager used his stun gun against him without reason. On Friday, a Charleston County man came forward alleging that Slager did the same thing to him during a traffic stop last year. Justin
HSBC was ordered to pay them compensation after the banking industry watchdog found it relied on untested assumptions, stereotypes or generalisations in respect of age The banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished. The couple complained and claimed they had been victims of discrimination.
Sisters agreed with their mother in 2007 that they should draw up an agreement to control her money and property if she became unable to do so herself. But Senior Judge Denzil Lush said the daughters dont see eye to eye. In fact, they detest each other He said the elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter a legal document, so she could gain greater control over her mothers money. The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire. She owns a £600,000 house, has savings
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, made a Craigslist ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus by filming a commercial for the car he is selling for $3,000. The video begins from far overhead, showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. It then dramatically zooming in on the car's tires, headlights, dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial. Perhaps the best effect of the ad is that it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 Ford Taurus commercial.
Pippa, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, enjoyed a romantic supper at upmarket restaurant Margaux in Fulham last night. The pair had been rumoured to be on the verge of a split earlier this year. Miss Middleton wore a tailored cream blazer, denim jeans and a heart-print top.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan. Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud. Mr Hall said his son was 'totally overjoyed' with the message. He said it took five minutes to record and clean up before uploading it.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands were tied with a typewriter cord. A towel was placed over her face, causing her to suffocate, say police. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary. A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo. The giraffe had got his head stuck in the enclosure's fence. Around 30 people witnessed the unprovoked attack on Easter Monday. Zoo vets rushed to the scene but were unable to save the five-year-old.
A 49-year-old cancer patient's giant tumour underneath her left breast was 'completely destroyed' and 'dissolved away' after she received a pioneering new drugs cocktail to treat melanoma. Doctors at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York have hailed their patient's recovery 'one of the most astonishing responses', ever seen. Scientists at the hospital have conducted a trial, treating patients diagnosed with advanced melanoma with a new type of treatment. They combined a standard drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolumab. In a staggering 61 per cent of patients
Best-selling author Sarah Wilson hit out at the Mamamia website after it published her photograph alongside a story about an apparent eating disorder. Wilsons face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Wilson complained to Mamamia and they agreed to remove her image from the article.
Xana Doyle, 19, was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car. The Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof in the early hours of the morning. Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class A and B drugs before getting behind the wheel in Newport, South Wales. He admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico. EPA regional administrator Judith Enck said the agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating. The chemical sickened a family of four from Wilmington, Delaware, last month in the U.S. Virgin Islands. Two teenage boys went into comas after being exposed at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort in Cruz Bay, St. John. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition.
It's time to ditch vitamin pills for a diet rich in clean, fresh and unprocessed foods, says nutritionist and author Sarah Flower. 'The cleaner your diet - using fresh ingredients and cooking at home - the less likely you are to need to rely on supplements to boost your health'
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong. Her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did, she would almost certainly lose her legs. She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay, including metal plating in her ankle. Natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident, and then gave birth to her new baby, Scarlett in August 2013.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia. He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring, often after illegal hunters kill their mothers. Also at Sadgorod Zoo are two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild. Back east, in Siberia, Masha the bear cub was flown business class to a new home in Moscow.
Tittygram and Titisign offer the service in Russia. A model writes on a woman's cleavage and takes a photo. The picture can then be used as either a personal message, or advertising, and cost just £4. Burger King is one of the first big companies to take advantage of the service.
The Hot Pursuit star's lawyer Fred Silberberg told People late Friday that the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' However, she's not planning on using them either, the attorney said in the statement, adding that Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex' Loeb, 39, filed a lawsuit against his ex-fiancee asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos.
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death in Hua Hin, 125miles south of Bangkok. His Thai girlfriend Nilobon Patty, 35, has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death' She claims she was not with another man, but out with friends when an 'obviously drunk' Mr Mackay appeared in the bar around 1am. He allegedly got into a fight after seeing her talking to another man.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday. Passengers were shunted back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana Las Vegas hotel, only to find out each time that there were more delays.
James Freedman, 49, has been teaching people how not to become victims of street crime for years. He has advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the art to actors. Now hes exhibiting his skills on stage in a one-man pickpocket show called Man Of Steal.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. The father then ran into the boy's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting, authorities said. The boy was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he underwent surgery for a
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it. She had to have her right leg amputated below the knee, but she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible. Alissa, who was fitted for her prosthetic leg in September, chose Colbie Caillat's hit Try, a song that she and her mom felt accurately reflected her emotional journey.
The female, named Varvara, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, without even stopping for a snack. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creatures conservation status. Gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believeVarvara didn't eat during the long journey either.
Pauline Hanson described halal certification as a 'profit, money-making racket' and that the public were being 'hoodwinked' She also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism' Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday. It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked to anti-Islam groups mocked protests.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday. A Jakarta court is due to decide  whether the pairs lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid. The pair are currently awaiting execution on the death island of Nusakambangan with seven
Scott Kelley, now 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, now 19, gave surrendered at the U.S. embassy on Monday and were flown back to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta airport. The pair fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during a custody dispute with Mark Nunes, Genevieved's former husband and Mary's father. Kelley is now facing a charge of custodial interference, the same charge his wife is due to face in court next month.
We all know someone who overshares on social media - but could they be putting their kids' lives at risk? Just last week, Australian woman Jade Ruthven was lambasted on her social media account by her friends, who were so sick of her constant updates about her baby daughter. Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web. She said it's hard for people to know where the line stops when it comes to posting personal details online.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast when she was pregnant with daughter Lola, now three months old. The mobile app contains a huge amount of information on everything from late stage pregnancy and birth to breastfeeding. It also contains a tracker so tired mums do not need to remember which breast they fed their child with last.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon when she collapsed. Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart completely stopped. Two off-duty police officers rushed to her side and gave her CPR. She was then rushed to hospital, where she was put into an induced coma. But the teenager then made an unexpected recovery which stunned medics. She is now recovering at her home in Leigh, Essex, despite her mother being told to expect the worst.
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors. The Department of Homeland Security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked.
Lib Dem leader lists reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off' and have deserted the party since 2010. He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees. A Tory source said: 'This sums Nick Clegg. Its everyone's fault but his own. He is like a petulant child'
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving Glasgow nightclub at 1am on Sunday. Police have arrested a 21-year-old man 'in connection with her death' Officers have taped off High Craigton Farm near Milngavie, Stirlingshire. Remains have not been identified but police believe they are Miss Buckley's. She is said to have left a flat in Kelvindale, north-west of Glasgow, at 4am intending to walk home.
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores or checking to see if his shirt buttons were missing. His wife threw all his shirts outside, but he followed her and shouted at her before he pulled her hair and punched her several times in the face. Neighbours called the police after Bulman drove away, damaging a gate post and a van. He was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm at Bristol Crown Court.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
The world was shocked by the abduction of 276 Nigerian schoolgirls last year. A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved. A year later, more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing. Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram  as cooks, porters and look-outs.
System spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development. By looking for distinctive breath prints, researchers were also able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease. Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures.
Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins. He was placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal, Minnesota. Collins' wife, Yamah Collins, was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away. A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Police said Sunday the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case.
A new Reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours. FEMAIL has compiled the worst examples, including the names 'Orgasm' and 'Mazen', because 'it was'mazen' when the child was born'
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out. The fund's Europe chief reportedly told his executive board that negotiations were not going as hoped. He also issued a warning over Greece's recent, weak economic performance. Greece has been given until 20 April to clean up its finances and set in place a number of economic reforms.
Johnny Depp, 51, and Amber Heard, 28, arrived in Brisbane, Australia, on Tuesday morning local time. The couple, who've been married for 10 weeks, put on a united front as they disembarked from a private plane. The sighting comes just hours after People.com claimed they were 'leading separate lives' because they hadn't been photographed together in public since February 3.
Clinton stopped at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday for a small-business roundtable event. The former first lady, senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a roundtable. But some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her. Clinton's communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the people Clinton spoke with had been asked to come. 'I think maybe some of them, but I don't know,' she said.
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, have been together since October last year. They worked at Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida, full-time for the last 18 months. Bardier was recently employed as a part-time teacher. The two were both terminated after the director, Barbara Twachtman, heard rumors about the two. The daycare is run by Aloma United Methodist Church. In a statement, the church said they 'felt the need' to let both women go.
Natasha Willard, 17, was studying for her A-levels in Cwmbran, Wales. Came home from a night out with friends on December 5 and went straight to bed. A few days later she started vomiting and had aches and pains. On December 9 she collapsed and had to be taken to hospital. She has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain. Her family are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again.
Sir John said SNP would use any power they wield in Westminster to foster division and further their dream of the break up of the 300-year-old Union. He mocked Ms Sturgeon over her demand to play a role in propping up a Labour government, when she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself. He said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to Scotland would make independence more, not less, likely.
Stella and Mary were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner. The remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002. Sir Paul and Ms Mills separated in 2006 and went through a bitter and messy divorce in 2008.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in January 2012. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after he was thrown into path of a car. He was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support. A month before the tragedy, the council sent workers to inspect the hole. But it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary. His widow has now reached an out of court settlement with North Yorkshire County Council.
Scott Stephenson was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man. The 19-year-old rifled through his victim's pockets and made off with the iPhone 4. He unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week. Stephenson was re-bailed following his failure to turn up to a previous hearing.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio. Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives. Mr Clegg has pulled pints, sipped cocktails, hurtled down a zipwire or chatting to Joey Essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury.
US researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere. Crucially, very few have been shown to keep the weight off permanently. But a handful - including Weight Watchers, the Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - do appear to be effective.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and coated the mountains in snow - a welcome respite but one that will do little to ease the historic drought.
Mathew Sitko, 23, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel. The man, a passer-by, grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car. He dragged Sitko further up to safety, where police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's button sized computed and controller wristband. He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement from the bans. The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel.
Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear. Bookmakers Coral say she is evens to take over from the disgraced presenter. She is ahead of former X-factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and Jodie Kidd. Clarkson's future at the BBC remains uncertain but he will be back this month.
Iain Duncan Smith said Ed Miliband was standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' Work and Pensions Secretary said Labour was 'peddling lies' about Government's record. Set out powerful moral case for party's policies, which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work. Hailed'staggering' increase in employment, now at a record high.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her range of plus-size clothing for Evans. New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos. Says she started collection to show curvy women how to embrace their curves. 'You know big IS beautiful,' she tells FEMAIL.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk. Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer, city officials said.
New figures from the UK Civil Aviation Authority show 238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014. This is just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more (a 4.4 per cent rise) than 2013. Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4% rise year on year in visitors. Germany proved a more visited destination even than France and Italy, which were all ranked behind Spain and the US.
One in four Britons will be from black or minority groups by 2051. Huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants. Campaigners fear that this sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS, and worsen the quality of life in Britain.
Sophie Thomas wore the black shirt in March at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio. When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop. School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies' Thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems.
Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts. Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act. Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has urged Australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in the new American show The Gilded Age, from Downton creator Julian Fellowes. Set in 19th Century New York and focusing on the city's most privileged families, American-born Cora (played by Elizabeth McGovern) may also reappear.
Form was purchased at an ephemera show  where collectibles are sold  by rare book dealer Ian Brabner, whose firm, Rare Americana, buys and sells 18th to early 20th century rare books. At the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits. The form is ominously titled Invisible Empire, an alternative name for the clan at the time, born from founder Nathan Bedford Forrests claim that the group was invisible
Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated 104-acre Belizean island, in 2005 for $1.75 million. He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018. The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested. She was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. She allegedly threw the party at her home and played naked Twister with her daughter and daughter's friends before she had sex with an 18-year-old male in the bathroom. She also allegedly used sex toys in front of the teenagers and showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex with her current boyfriend. An emergency custody hearing was held and
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening. Interior Ministry said he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide. At least six former government officials from Yanukovych's time have died over the past two months in various circumstances that police have said were most likely suicides.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail. The first commercial maglev train to come into operation was a relatively low-speed shuttle at Birmingham International Airport in 1984. The Shanghai Maglev opened to the public in January 2004, and has a top commercial operational speed of 268mph.
Scotland named the most popular wedding destination in the UK, according to a survey by VisitScotland. A quarter of all marriages in Scotland involved couples from outside of the country. Tourist industry in Scotland brought in £80 million last year alone. Tennis star Andy Murray will marry his sweetheart Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday.
ISIS has seized up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in south Damascus. Jihadis posted gruesome images showing severed heads of two alleged members of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online. Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy, although its presence in camp has until now been to defend the camp's 18,000 residents from a crippling two year siege. ISIS' decision to publicly execute the men - as well as reports of the deaths of dozens more Palestinians during clashes inside Yarmouk - has prompted outrage in Gaza.
Reps from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday. The meeting would aim to negotiate concessions related to antitrust concerns over their planned merger. Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal. Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Jared McCarroll is the head chef at M Restaurant and Grill in London. He says the first step to a perfect steak is to buy the best meat you can afford. The shape and thickness of the steak is also important; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick. Marbling means your steak is full of mono saturated fatty acid, proven to reduce cholesterol levels. Charcoal and wood will give you the most flavour and smokiness.
Dove has asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' 83 per cent of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average. A staggering 96% of women around the world described themselves as 'average. Just four per cent said they consider themselves beautiful.
Officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. Dog meat was used for the fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef. Owner Chinese Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat, adding that the animals were strays he had rounded up from streets.
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition. It left him with malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities. This included a procedure to crack open and reshape his skull. He also had a titanium frame drilled into his head, which was left there for nine weeks. The surgeries carried risks including meningitis, brain damage, catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death.
Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some sensitive questions to his British-based son who runs the business. He described the robbery as a tragedy for his family after the business had just started to make a small profit following years of losses. Mr Bavishi also told of his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault while the gang were forcing their way into 72 safe deposit boxes.
Two county councils, Essex and Gloucestershire, have already implemented the maps, which allow them to target 'danger zones' of loneliness. The Campaign to End Loneliness has now called on other councils to copy the maps and draw up their own versions for their local area.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16. He is accused of offering his victims money or using extortion to force the children to send him indecent images. The man faces five charges of rape, four counts of indecent treatment of children under 16, and eight counts of grooming child under 16.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on childrens vaccinations for access to childcare benefits. Parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016. Meanwhile, families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate, $200- a-week childcare benefit and the $726 Family Tax Benefit Part A end of year supplement.
38-year-old Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty on Friday based on charges that she married 10 men over 11 years and charged a fee for her'services' On Friday she allegedly used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card. She was granted the new charge of theft of service, and was released without any bail being set. At one time she was married to eight men simultaneously. One of the men she wed was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006.
Christine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her former home in Macon, Georgia. The 50-year-old's home was recently auctioned off, and new homeowner Ed Harrell was checking out the property in the afternoon when he found a dead dog just inside the doorway and called police. Deputies had to completely air out the home, which stenched of ammonia, before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies. Officials with Macon-Bibb Animal Welfare estimate that the animals had been dead for months. It was also revealed that
A Dartmouth College judicial committee has 'derecognized' Alpha Delta after several pledges received brands on their backsides. It found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision. Regardless of the outcome of an appeal, interim dean has the authority to withdraw recognition of Alpha Delta.
Aedes aegypti, known for its black and white stripes, can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya. The blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31. Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir, which advocates a global Muslim caliphate. Ahmed, a politics student at Manchester University, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week. He was one of a group of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children.
The German woman, who has not been named, was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport. Three thieves are said to have appeared from nowhere and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag. The heist took place in the Landy Tunnel, which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes. He holds a butterfly landscape designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the GQ Australia May issue which hits newsstands on Monday 20 April. In an eight page interview, the minister from Sydneys exclusive suburb of Point Piper confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled. His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met during the Second World War. They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester. After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month. Her husband followed two days later aged 94. Their marriage was described as 'the greatest true love story'
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years, Aaron Leeson-Woolley, in a small town in New South Wales this Saturday. But the English and drama teacher vanished on Sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding. Now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body, leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of making funeral arrangements. The wedding guests who had flown in from as far as Europe and the Middle East now face having to attend her funeral.
Labour leader refused to say Harriet Harman would get second most powerful job if he gets to Number 10. Miss Harman has previously suggested that Gordon Brown's refusal in 2007 to maker her Deputy PM was sexist. Mr Miliband has given stronger assurance to shadow Chancellor Ed Balls that he will have the top job at the Treasury.
Nationwide Building Society is giving anyone up to the age of 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. Offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today. Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property. Surge of silver landlords is likely to push up house prices.
University student reveals how she turned to sex work after her student loan failed to cover her rent in London. The woman, who asked to remain anonymous, even visited some clients at their workplace. She spoke after a research project revealed more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry.
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout on a cold November night last year. The couple, who had been married for 53 years, sat down in their conservatory with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room. The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes. They couple laid dead for 16 days before their son, Andrew Charles, raised the alarm on December 11.
The Houston Texans defensive tackle released the video as part of his announcement that he has signed an endorsement deal with Reebok. The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best. Watt, already a legend in Houston for his performance both on the field and off, leaned down after his jump and declared: 'Must have been the shoes, baby!'
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall. He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC' Outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching. David Dimbleby intervened to say how the audience had been chosen.
Lillian Bustle, a burlesque performer from New Jersey, gave a TED talk earlier this month about how she uses the word 'fat' as an honest, body-positive description of her body. She also calls herself'short', because she is 5'3'', and 'wife' because she's married. Lillian said she was nervous before her first performance because of how her arms looked, but now she feels great about them.
Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons. The club were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone. FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed in the wake of the mess. Glory revealed on Friday night that they have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict.
The Golden State is increasingly turning a dirty brown colour due to a devastating drought that is in its fourth year. Californian farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water, digging ever-deeper bore holes. Almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in the state  a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million Californians.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course. Two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve to 'boost morale' within the force. Three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment.
More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. The 14 foot-long linen has the faded image of a boarded man and has been a source of wonder for centuries. When the shroud was last presented to the public, in 2010, more than two million people filed past it.
In an interview with CBS This Morning on Thursday, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance. 'My heart goes out to the families here but I don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison. But that's just how I see it. It's up to the jury,' she said. Now that Tsarnaev has been found guilty of committing the Boston Marathon bombings, the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trail which could begin as early as Monday. It is in this stage that the jury will
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather. 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours. In accordance with federal law the airline gave people the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours. According to those on board, virtually everyone chose to stay on the plane.
Louise Smith, 38, has been convicted of fraud and is now on the run. CCTV footage showed her standing over the girl, aged under 10, and pulling two hairs from her head. She was eating dinner with the child and a man in the Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria, last May. But in reality Smith did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner.
Migrant workers say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets. They are not provided with soap or water to wash their hands, while some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern Spain. They claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce the salads and vegetables that end up on supermarket shelves in Britain.
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles. The car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor, where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up. The teen died at the hospital several hours later. Coroner investigator Joseph Cronin tells City News Service that the eight-year-old boy died Friday afternoon.
Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican who resigned last month. The letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs. County officials estimate each will run about $38,000. A Schock spokesman did not respond to an emailed request from The Associated Press seeking comment.
Tate Ricks, nine, was reportedly fishing with his grandma's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore. Putnam County Sheriff's Office said Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not. The man was able to make it to shore, deputies said. On Sunday, officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy.
The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. He said: 'Why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating? 'It's dumb, it's stupid, and it has to be broken' Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education.
Saturday Night Live poked fun at Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president. The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me' Bill Clinton was also featured in the skit, urging America to elect Hillary so he could be her vice president. He adds that he will make a great 'First Dude'
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan bought the bear at a car boot sale in Bude, Cornwall. Mr Flanaghan, 22, recognised it as a rare Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby. The bear is one of just 100 made around the world for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust. They are now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback is expected to sign a bill banning welfare recipients from using their debit cards to buy alcohol, tobacco and pornography. Psychics, movie theatres, massage parlors, theme parks, swimming pools, lingerie stores and tattoo shops will also be banned. Brownback has presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of Kansans enrolled in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, known as TANF.
Firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers for just 12p a head. It has also offered to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. Details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on the list of data for sale.
Visitors can walk on the glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system. Pulpit Rock in Forsand, Norway, provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft. The Five Fingers viewing platform in the Dachstein Mountains in Austria received its name thanks to its hand-like shape. Victoria Peak in Hong Kong is the highest cluster of skyscrapers on Hong Kong Island and is accessible by a tram system.
Raymond Charles Laing has spent the past three years behind bars after he was busted more than three times over the legal limit behind the wheel. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and a further 31 times for driving while disqualified. Before he was due to appear before the parole board last month, Laing sent a letter to the board that said 'I am a high risk offender and danger to the community'
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are teaching their Masterclass Of Wellness to CEOs and executives across the country. Skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking, business and retail sector. 'Wellness in the past has all been about the zen... But actually you can be wearing leather pants, and be zen,' Shannah said.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon. Police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, 38, 38 and 56, and their mother, 76. He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, 26, before taking his own life. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and called 911. Police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business.
'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. 'No, no, you've editorialized. Let me answer a question! You ask a question, and you say, "Have your views changed?" instead of editorializing and saying my views have changed,' he added. 'He's got miles to go before his ability catches up to his ambition,' a liberal opposition-research group said after the broadcast. Paul, a libertarian-leaning Kentucky senator, launched his presidential bid on Tuesday in Louisville.
Vicky Pryce, 62, spent two months in prison for perverting the course of justice. Admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties. Returned to work within two months with each of her five children. Admitted to missing them dreadfully while away from them with work.
The 17,000-square-foot estate in Vail, Colorado, was built in 2008 by Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief. It features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen across 13,000 square foot. Outside is a pool with a spa and sauna, a pool house, a two-car garage and a tennis court, as well as a lake, a pond, a stream and stunning views. There is also a separate one-bedroom caretaker's house, while a separate barn also houses a loft and
Taylor Alesana of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults, and sometimes was forced to dress as a boy. She is the second transgender teen who sought services at the North CountyLGBTQ Resource Center to die by suicide since March.
Documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind. Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained by the ABC. The FOI documents reportedly show staff at the Australian High Commission in India and Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade were aware the couple was from New South Wales. India does not recognise surrogate children as citizens.
13-year-old Stephanie wrote to her father in Nevadas Delamar Dry Lake. Her father is a keen photographer and likes to take pictures of the earth when he is floating in space. She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing, that has now broken a world record for its size.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions. One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies in a box. The 71-year-old had already been made subject to a ban which prevented him from keeping any pets until May 2015 after an animal hoarding case in 2011.
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. The mother-of-two has undergone eight rounds of intravenous chemotherapy, which while it helped also made her very unwell. She has turned to a new drug, Keytruda, to help fight off the deadly disease. Her doctors believe it may help her, but the drawback is the medication costs $6000 a month, and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme. To have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill, in Sydney
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' The Miami-based Latina has a huge following on social media. Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily. She says that her pictures are '100 percent real' without photoshopping.
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Muslim convert Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both from Luton, each deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation. The charge relates to an offence on August 9 last year, when the pair are alleged to have handed out leaflets about ISIS on the busy shopping street. Anderson also denied one. charge of possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism.
Michael Easy, 29, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party. He sparked a nationwide police manhunt and posted photos of himself on Facebook. The violent thug posed in a platinum wig and Dame Edna Everage-style glasses. He was jailed for 15 months but went on run again upon his release. Easy is now facing four months in jail for breaching a restraining order. He also assaulted two prison officers during his first stint behind bars.
House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes, 61, in their sights and were prepared to open fire. 'Had it gotten any closer to the speaker's balcony they have long guns to take it down, but it didn't. It landed right in front,' McCaul said about the flight which was undetected until authorities actually saw the craft approach. Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption.
Restaurant critic and festival curator Leo Schofield, 79, claimed living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage. He decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent. He plans to reserve a chapter in his memoirs dedicated to his time in Tasmania called 'Revenge of the Bogans'
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department. In a terse interview with NPR last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic, she repeated that position. Her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter. The shift puts Clinton's views in line with the Obama administration's Justice Department, which in January 'committed to ensuring that the benefits of marriage are available as broadly as possible'
Todd Larson, 55, said he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville home on March 25 when an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am. He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home. Mr Larson said the hole in his windshield is about 12.5 inches in length and that the size of the piece of ice that went through was theSize of a cinder block. He has already paid the $4,
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth. This is the California-based SpaceX company's seventh station supply run since 2012, all from Cape Canaveral.
The young girl has been named as Piper by 9News. She was in the car with her mother, Chantelle Boddy, and two brothers when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. Piper's grandmother was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday. Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at Westmead. The younger boy remains in a critical condition while the older boy is
Nigel Jackson, 59, was arrested at his home in Alvor, in the Algarve, in January. Body of his wife Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in a shallow grave outside. At the time Jackson claimed Mrs Davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer. But after being shown evidence she was killed, he has now changed his story. In a letter from jail he said Mrs Davidson must have been killed by intruders. But he sticks to the rest of his original story, saying he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets, which they called 'babies'
The money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. Total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax, according to the study by Citizens UK. Critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff earn enough to put food on the table.
Research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus. They send and receive signals to regulate appetite. When they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow dangerously obese. University of Michigan team looked at how a protein called a transcription factor, and two small stretches of DNA called enhancers, act as triggers for the Pomc gene.
The 76sq ft hideaway is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill. It is made entirely from timber imported from Norway and has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding it. The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished.
The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes - the boys would be given the nose ring when they became a man. In Australia, Aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose, which they believed made them look more attractive.
The number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013. Engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market. Despite the recent news, in a survey of employers last fall by Michigan State University, the employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. Mr Clegg today met patients and staff at Bodmin Community Hospital in Cornwall as he campaigned in the Lib Dem stronghold. Officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks.
Soloman Bygraves, 29, has been jailed for 30 months for mugging Stanley Evans. He knocked the 93-year-old to the ground and took his wallet for £5. The pensioner was left lying on the floor for ten minutes after the attack. In a victim impact statement, Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker locked up for a long time to protect the public.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition in Cardiff. But when Mr Church tried to close the vault door, it shut behind him. The pair - who had only met earlier in the night - were trapped in total darkness. Fire crews had to drill through the thick concrete walls to free them. They were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston. Police say Hubers shot Poston six times inside his Highland Heights, Ohio, condominium. Hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her, but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave Posten 'the nose job he wanted' 'I shot him enough times to kill him, she said in the video.
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page. Her comments drew wide publicity, in part after school alumnus Scott Lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by Thelma & Louise star Susan Sarandon, who's his aunt. Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful'
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine after they took their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time in March 2013. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket fell on the floor just underneath the driver's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty. The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine. The row escalated from an initial £25 fine to bailiffs knocking on their door and demanding £400.
Duke of Kent, 79, was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Easter Monday. Queen's cousin was staying at Balmoral Castle in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire. He spent a night in hospital being treated for his injuries before being discharged. Buckingham Palace said today that he had been'successfully' treated for dislocated hip.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, 36. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm on Friday. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail. The charges include possession of Class 1, 2, 3 and 4 controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money. The pirates pushed the boat to the shoreline of a remote beach, cut the main sail and tore out the engine wire, leaving the couple and their captain stranded. The couple and captain made SOS messages with branches along a park trail, which was discovered by hikers four days later.
The boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. He is now being treated in Ping Mei Group Hospital and is expected to need several operations to repair the damage.
Two men stripped off before raiding Esso petrol station in Caterham, Surrey. The men forced their way into the manager's office looking for cash. They were disturbed by a member of garage staff and fled with a mobile phone. Police have released CCTV images of the two raiders in the hope they will help identify them.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker Phillip Pama. Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night. Pama, a married father of three, works a 3 am shift at a nearby warehouse and was sleeping at the time. The Samoan man was granted conditional bail on Friday.
Bergen-Belsen became the final resting place for 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and those with disabilities. Diarist Anne Frank, and her sister Margot, also died here. Shortly after the camp was liberated by British and Canadian troops in 1945, it was torched, and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever.
Lisa McElroy, a 50-year-old Drexel professor, appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my Meredith Vieira. She got tripped up on the $12,500 level after flying through the first few questions. Despite having used two lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000. She's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs'
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory. The hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole, which is a type of goanna. After feasting on its' meal, the three-metre reptile noticed Ms Gleeson from a distance before it submerged into the water. The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught last month after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in Daly River community.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house. Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the Breakwater house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout just after 8.30pm on Sunday. The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma. A man and a woman in their 20s, who were in the bedroom at the time of the crash, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries. The driver, a 20-year-old Gro
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason. Children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals. Finn got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan. Ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked.
Cledford Hall, which dates back to 1822, was severely damaged by fire three years ago and its Grade-II listing was cancelled. It will be fully demolished to make way for the site which will house gypsy families for a maximum of 28 days before they must move on. Around 100 letters of opposition were handed to the council alongside a petition comprising 500 signatures.
Brothers Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, have designed and built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. Among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of Batman's Tumbler from the Dark Knight film trilogy and the much-loved Ghostbusters car. The brothers have even made an Optimus Prime truck, based on the most recent Transformers movie, as well as a Tron-inspired motorbike.
Rahm Emanuel defeated Cook County Commissioner Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia in a tense run-off race Tuesday night. Emanuel thanked voters for putting him through his paces and said he will be a better mayor because of it. With nearly all voting precincts reporting results, Emanuel had about 56 per cent of the vote compared to around 44 per cent for his opponent.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. She had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy, to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy. But it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample. Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach. The news was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer.
Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony. Khloe, who attended the ceremony wearing sneakers and ripped jeans, is North's godmother while the priest acted as her godfather. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour.
Rentafarmhouse is a scheme which lets farmers rent their properties for $1 a week to young families. Rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children. Some of the $1-a-week farmhouses are rundown and in need of renovation, others need a caretaker for the farm or children in the community to keep local schools running.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper. The 51-year-old was a mourner at her fiance's funeral two years ago. Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales.
Five firefighters and one's girlfriend, who is suspected of videoing the attack, were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges. Fire Chief Gavin Satterfield, 31, and Assistant Fire Chief William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests. They are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet. The victim came forward in late March to report the alleged attack, which he claims took place in January.
Dr Fredric Brandt was found dead at his New York City home on Easter Sunday. Police report reveals he had been suffering from depression for 10 days. Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer. The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's new TV show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. In it, Martin Short plays a caricatured white-haired cosmetologist called Dr Franff with an inordinate amount of fillers in his face. Friends admit Brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed.
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist. Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful' Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella. Pair are being investigated on suspicion of Agnese's illegal detention. Police report based on CCTV footage claimed she did not leave club voluntarily.
Single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $3 billion in US sales, it's been revealed. The finding was unveiled in a CBS News report on one such company that manufactures them, the Vermont-based Keurig Green Mountain. 1/3 of homes in the United States now feature single-serVE coffee machines, CBS News reported.
Prime Minister will call the idea the Carlisle Principle - named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the UK that could be particularly badly affected by decisions taken by the Scottish government. Scottish Nationalists are likely to accuse Mr Cameron of wanting Westminster to mark the Scottish Parliaments homework every year.
Piper Kulk, 8, died on Sunday morning, hours after the accident on the NSW Central Coast. Her brother William, 9, died in hospital on Sunday evening. Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred. The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia got off to a very dramatic start in Sydney on Sunday night. A man stormed the runway at the Ellery show at Carriageworks in Eveleigh. The man, understood to be a neighbour of the venue, walked onto the runway while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow. He was overheard to tell security that the music was a 'disgrace', and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community' The man was removed from the venue by a security guard.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months for bigamy on Tuesday. His first wife Michelle, 39, exposed him as a cheat who was also married to Philippa Campbell, 30, who he married in a lavish wedding. A dating profile for an 'andrewoclee' was uncovered on the Plenty of Fish website. The profile, which no longer has a picture, describes a blue-eyed 'adventurer' who is 'looking for a relationship'
David Cameron, Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage seen posing for selfies. Tories told to pose for as many'selfies' as possible during election campaign. Labour leader Ed Miliband and Ukip leader Nigel Farage also getting in on the act. 'Coupon election' came in 1918, while 1929 vote was called the 'flapper election'
A loo version of the Iron Throne was built by a team of Hollywood prop makers. The creation came just as the much-anticipated fifth season of the show hit television screens. The recipient was self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi, who is pictured on his new loo.
Dianas final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen. Qadir Ahmed runs the secure Iron Mountain facility in a leafy suburb of Birmingham where row upon row of documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage.
Cobbles will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again. Bristol City Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support. The history of the area dates back to May 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal River Avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of Bristol afloat.
Post Office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012. Follows complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered. Leaked copy of accountants' independent report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago. According to the CDC about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes caused by HSV2. Dawson said that she felt empowered after telling someone she had herpes because it humanized the STI in a way that made it less of a stigma.
A 32-year-old man has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns. Initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the mans car. However, after observing his injuries at the hospital, police started their own investigation. The victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him.
Zeke Celello, who appears to be around two, was overcome with emotion when Clinton declared her second presidential bid. The would-be candidate repeatedly state his ambition to ascend to the nation's highest office so he could 'play... with toys' He eventually concedes that playtime is not the top priority of a Commander-in-Chief, but still adamant that he is up to the task.
The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year. The lawsuit accuses Winston of rape, assault, false imprisonment and emotional distress.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the Islamic Republic's most powerful figure and who has the last say on all state matters, was making his first comments on the interim deal reached last week in the Swiss city of Lausanne. In remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line, he warned about 'deceptive' intentions of the United States. 'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television. But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline. 'I neither
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences including acquiring criminal property and obtaining a money transfer by deception. Some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the UK for benefit fraud offences. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010. Mote was elected a Ukip MEP for South East England in 2004, but shortly before he actually took up his seat was thrown out of Nigel Farage's party.
Researchers at Stanford University examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the United States to student race. They found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they thought are white. The researchers suggest that psychological interventions could be used to help change the stereotypes of black students influencing the way teachers treat pupils.
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy. He was delivered two batches of letters - one from a third grade class in Orange, New Jersey and another from high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union. The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention. The letters themselves or what they said were not released.
Joy Webb, 17, took her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain as her date to prom this past Saturday night. Drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the Korea War. 'I think prom is kind of a big thing for everybody. Most everybody remembers going to their prom and I wanted him to have that experience too,' Joy said.
Each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages. Groups such as California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year.
Dominique Granier said the smell was a'sanitation risk' on route 9 in Montpellier. He suggested putting on a service specifically for Roma passengers. His comments were met with outrage by local union representative Bernard Gotis. Mr Gotis revealed the bus company TAM has 'outsourced' part of the route.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air. He then proceeds to walk forwards, performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes.
Little girl appears to be around six or seven as she fires machine gun at ISIS. Told man she is'shooting at Daesh' in Kurdish - the Arabic name for ISIS. He encourages her to kill more, saying: 'Kill, kill, kill' It is unclear whether she has actually hit anything in the minute-long video.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon. In March, Moody, 25, was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars. The pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in utero. Moody was married to another man at the time of the second child's birth with her father.
Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain. Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg. The man was taken to hospital.
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday. Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape. He will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or, royal subjects -- at the university's Drake Relays to be honored as mascot of the event.
Queen Margrethe, 75, was joined on the balcony by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared, watched by members of other European royal dynasties, among them Sweden's and Norway's. One royal who couldn't be present, according to palace officials, is Princess Marie's 80-year-old husband Prince Henrik.
BBC filled more than half its election TV debate audience with left-leaning voters, it emerged last night. The audience at the filming of Thursday nights debate in Westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. When Ukip leader Nigel Farage interjected and said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further.
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children within 18 months of his release. His youngest alleged victim is five years old. Detectives say he tempted them with video games, candy and trips to McDonald's. He also drove children to his 'hideout' in the woods where he allegedly forced them to perform sexual acts on him and raped them.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year. The reports come as acoustic scientists refuse to rule out the possibility that 'distinctive' data they recorded from the area at the assumed time of the crash may have come from the impact of the aircraft as it hit the Indian Ocean. The search for the missing plane by the Joint Agency Co-ordination Centre, headed by Australia, has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Kat Lee's desperate plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. She told The Advertiser a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog. Police told Daily Mail Australia the assault took place at about 5.30pm on Saturday night after a dispute.
434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time  compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10. It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has promised to give NHS chiefs 'whatever they need' after the election.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth last month, costing £255. But when he went to collect his car, he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin. His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone. Mr Ingram, 50, of Saltash in Cornwall, said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage, which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car.
Julie Creffield, 37, was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18. She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous other races since. Now she's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of size. She appeared on This Morning with Nell McAndrew to launch the ITV show's Run For Your Life campaign.
Chinese-born Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the MyMaster website which charged up to $1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 NSW universities. The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website. But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating. A university spokeswoman said'substantially more than the reported five students' are currently under investigation.
Charity Bite-Back believes as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a legal loophole. The loophole allows people to bring 20kg of shark fin into the country if it is for personal consumption. Charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as 'fish fin soup', or are offering it to Mandarin speaking customers if they ask.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Camerons pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes. But eight years ago she and her husband bought at auction a housing association property now worth almost £1million. Tories said Miss Thornberry, who lost her frontbench job after tweeting a sneering picture of a house covered in England flags and with a white van outside, opposed right to buying but not 'right to buy to let'
Sydney grandfather Peter Mutty was caught with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia. The 57-year-old was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes. He was released on March 19 but has been banned from travelling out of the country. Mutty says he received little help from the Australian embassy in Riyadh. He has gone public to drum up awareness of his situation. The Australian Embassy is now providing assistance to Mutty.
Emmanuel Sithole was attacked in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. He was repeatedly stabbed with a knife and beaten with a wrench. The victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day. Doctors tried in vain to save Mr Sithole's life. His cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart.
Labour leader Harold Wilson feared voters would stay at home on election night. He went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene to express concerns. Mr Wilson was seeking to oust the Conservative Prime Minister Alec Douglas Home. The Labour leader thought the planned repeat of the sit-com would hit them badly. At the peak of the show's popularity, 28 million people tuned in.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed suit in 2012. Claimed their lives have been plagued by their neighbors' dogs since 2002. John Updegraff and Karen Szewc tried to argue they needed dogs to protect livestock. Jury ruled the dogs should have vocal chords removed within 60 days.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show. The character in question, Dr Franff, had a high-pitched laugh, a speech impediment and absurd habits like drinking from a surgical bag. Jeff Richmond, who is an executive producer and the music composer on his wife's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Brandt as'very sad'
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad. He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind the recent rise of ISIS. He was one of Saddam's most trusted henchmen, helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup. Was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq.
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earths atmosphere, where it would burn up. The technology bears some similarities to the Death Star used to devastating effect in the original Star Wars trilogy.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts. Trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures. Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account. Facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called silver surfers to join.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million. Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company's reputation. Wonga's financial woes are expected to continue thanks to a new cap on the interest rates it can charge.
Only 15% of students say they plan to vote Green, down from 28% in February. Since September, proportion of students who dislike her has doubled to 24%. Labour has been main beneficiary, with 35% now saying they will vote for Ed Miliband. Greens have now been overtaken by the Conservatives who are on 25%.
Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. The former leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the Voice of Cricket' His commentary was understated and often extremely funny, and his one-liners were perfectly timed. His trademark word, 'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. After the 46-year-old's comment, his sister Tina posted on Facebook, '[Bobbi] woke up and is no longer on life support!!!!!:):)God is good!!thanks for your prayers,,still a process,but she is going to be ok:):):):).' But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston's family insists the
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on the same side' Since Miliband became Labour leader, SNP has trooped through lobbies with his MPs in 91.5 per cent of Commons divisions. SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people. Mr Bellini, 36, is seeking funding for his project, called Adrift, which he hopes to begin in November 2016 near Greenland. His goal is to see an iceberg in the last phase of its long life, observing the changes that occur as it melts.
Boeing 737 skidded along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop. Left main landing gear came off due to heat damage to chrome plating. The plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury. Air Accidents Investigation Branch report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and other agencies.
Joel Burger, 24, and proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King. And she said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding. They have known each other since kindergarten but their friends are still teasing them. They even revealed they plan to serve drinks in Burger King cups, with each guest's name on the side.
'I don't see another coalition government lasting five years,' Professor Paul Whiteley said. Other experts also warned that a'messy and unstable' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the Conservatives won more seats. Mr Whiteley predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s.
Change4Life is promoting dishes with up to 29g of sugar per serving. Apricot Bread Pudding has slightly more sugar than a Snickers bar. Cardiologist Dr Aseem Malhotra said he found the advice 'disturbing' He said Change4Life was 'legitimising unhealthy foods'
Voters turned to Google to find out why David Cameron was a no-show. Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood. go head-to-head in 90-minute BBC debate.
Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, the beginning of the climbing season, when an avalanche swept down. At the time, Linville was at the base camp at 5,360 meters (17,595 feet) This time, he plans to approach from the northern, Tibetan side, together with
Jannik Andersen, 23, was hit by train in Indio, California, at 3am on Saturday. He was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later, and police are investigating. On Monday, friends were paying tribute to the University of Colorado student. They described him as a 'genuine' and 'happy' man, and said he was excited to attend Coachella with AC/DC and Mac DeMarco.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He and eight of his relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria. They were arrested within walking distance of the border in the town of Reyhanli. Waheed was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain. He was held at Birmingham Airport by anti-terrorism police. The following day, four of his family members were held at Manchester Airport. Police have said the six people arrested on suspicion of commission, preparation or instigation of terrorism have been released without charge.
Photographs were captured as part of the robot's mission to inspect melted fuel in one of the reactors. Developed by Hitachi-GE Nuclear Energy and the International Research Institute for Nuclear Decommissioning, it was supposed to be able to function for about 10 hours at levels of radiation which would be fatal to humans. But decommissioning work at the plant suffered a setback after the adaptable 'transformer' robot stalled before it could complete its operation and had to be abandoned. A second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
A set of 500 limited edition copies of Kim Kardashian's highly-anticipated selfie book Selfish, which were signed and numbered by the reality star, sold out less than a minute after going on sale. The 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially be available to the masses until May.
Kendall and Baylee are non-identical twins, meaning they have different genes. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes and be born with a similar skin tone. But, in odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin. And Kendalls genetic inheritance includes some genes that code for black skin, passed on from her mixed-race father.
Me-Bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old, and didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary, in the north of the country. The emotional moment the pair were reunited was captured on camera. It shows the elephants caressing each other with their trunks and flapping their ears.
The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. More than 20 other states have such lists. But, the one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature in a bill that GOP Gov. Sam Brownback planned to sign Thursday appears to be the most exhaustive. The taxpayer-funded Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, currently provides cash payments of up to $497 per month for a family of four.
Danielle Davies gave birth to Harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs. Shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice. Newborn Harley from Morecambe, Lancs, weighs 11lb 5oz, and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months.
Police charged 34-year-old Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013. After getting her number from a cellmate, he asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour. He then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison. He even sent three men to the home of the woman's aunt and uncle, before boasting on Facebook the gang were his'soldiers' Boente was charged with two counts of threats to kill, one count of
Michelle, 27, unveils stunning summer range for Lipsy. Full of colourful print playsuits, cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace. Says she's always been a fan of the range and has been using it for years. Reveals her beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and taking her make-up off before bed.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, from Johannesburg, South Africa, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop. His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him. The youngster, who still wears nappies and cannot yet talk fully, already has nearly 25,000 Facebook fans. His parents have insisted that they will not force their son to be a DJ when he grows up but said he may want to.
Caron Wyn Jones, father of Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, underwent a hip operation at a private clinic in Bridgend. He paid because the Welsh NHS could not perform the operation soon enough  and he was keen to get it done before a holiday. Mr Jones snr., 76, said his son, who has boasted of how he has 'kept the private sector out of the (Welsh) NHS', opposed his decision.
Lord Prescott said the Prince of Wales has a lot to offer the country. He said that while he is 'not a raving loyalist', he has 'a lot of time for Charles' Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince - including one expressing his sadness at the death of the Labour politician's mother.
Nearly 9,000 reports of child sex abuse were filed with police in 2014. South Yorkshire saw the largest rise with 577 per cent increase in five years. But the number of arrests fell by nine per cent, figures reveal. Critics have accused the Government of failing victims of abuse.
Angelina Santini from San Diego, California, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor. Four years on, videos show that the youngster has swapped his passion for bouncing with playing the guitar.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her luxury black BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriffs Deputies. She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car. Neither Ebel nor her grandson was injured in the crash, although her car was totalled.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. Built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths. It enjoys stunning 360-degree views of the golf course, surrounding mountains and the valley.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed on stage 10 minutes into Tuesday night's hour-long debate between Democratic candidates. Abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure. She sat out the rest of the debate. Abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign.
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans. His lawyers say he wants to go to Los Angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there. A grand jury charged Durst with possession of a firearm by a felon, and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug: 5 ounces of marijuana.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was simply meant to replace carpet worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine. But when the old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs. Could point to where gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. Discovery has sparked a war of words between the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound and Israeli archaeologists. Scholars say they did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying the new carpet.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread. After sausages are also given a thumbs down, Faith and her mother finally settle on Jell-O.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder. Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of victim Odin Lloyd who Hernandez executed with five bullets on June 17, 2013. The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death.
The items were collected over 30 years by British Tipu expert Robin Wigington, who even turned part of his house in Stratford Upon Avon into a museum. He sold his collection to a private collector in 2005 and they have now been put up for sale again at Bonhams. Items include pistols, helmets, swords, intricately embroidered clothing and even a bronze field cannon used to defend the fortress at Seringapatam.
Alex Impey says he receives 20 new requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. 'I've got people coming in all the time, who have everything from cancer to early onset Parkinson's,' the father of two said. 'And that woman [with Parkinson's] has had remarkable results when using the cannabis, it stopped her shuddering' Peter Rule's three-year-old daughter, Larisa, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Doctors tried almost everything
Elijah Overcomer, 26, and his wife Rosanna, 29, left New Zealand's Gloriavale commune in late March 2013. The couple and their three children were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by churches in Christchurch and Timaru. Gloriavale is a secretive Christian commune where everyone wears blue uniforms and birth control is non-existent. The Overcomers were also forced to grapple with their views of the greater world.
Two senior advisers said on Saturday that Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families. Clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with Congress, businesses and world leaders. The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. Clinton will enter the race as the overwhelming favorite for her party's nomination.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. The former player-manager of Salford City was forced to hand over his licence. He had already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences. Giggs was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. Scientists say claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places. The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960. 'It's actually the Earth in the background and the UFO is in space observing the Mercury capsule,' Waring said.
Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers against Aldi's budget £19.99 pair ahead of the London Marathon next week. Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday) with trainers available for the budget price of £ 19.99.
The couple, who are in their 30s, were convicted of noise pollution and harassment for the 'raucous screams' during steamy sex sessions at their apartment in San Martino. Their long-suffering neighbours described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their two children awake. The man, who has not been named, was sentenced to four months in prison in 2011, and his fiancée given a noise abatement order. But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere
CNN reported Tuesday that the hackers were able to access real-time, non-public schedule of President Obama, which is regarded as highly sensitive information. In October 2014, the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office. A six-month investigation into the breach reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin's government.
Director Gareth Edwards revealed a glimpse of the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, on Sunday. At the same time, the iconic franchise's Twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline, saying: 'A band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the Death Star plans in Star Wars anthology film, Rogue One #RogueOne' The film has not yet begun shooting so it's not clear if these scenes will be in the final movie. Gareth is due to start work on Rogue One this summer for a December 2016 release.
No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, is set to open this month. The isolated fort, just off the coast of the Isle of Wight, has been turned into a luxury hotel. The unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a James Bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga. The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the school district's yoga classes promoted Hinduism. The First Amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer.
A 36-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani, who was killed in Wembley two weeks ago. A Jamaican businessman has already appeared in court charged with his murder. Burnell Mitchell, 61, the brother of Boney M's lead singer, was arrested this week. The father of six was an imam at a controversial mosque in west London.
Sisters Sheree Morgan, 25, and Sophie Morgan, 21, allowed their bank accounts to be used in a 'vile' plot to con an elderly couple out of their £36,000 life savings. Sheree recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster, 23, and her mother Justine Davies, 44, to use their accounts for the illicit transfers. All admitted money laundering but escaped jail after insisting they did not know who was to be conned.
Violet Pietrok, who lives in Portland, Oregon, was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes. Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer.
Michael Buckley, 60, died after being hit by a shopping trolley at M&S. Melanie Serita Buck, 33, is accused of killing the frail widower during the alleged trolley rage incident. Buck has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter as well as an alternative charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life. The third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. The mother-of-two, who is yet to tell her young children about her condition, says she cannot afford to buy the drug privately. She has called on NHS England to reverse their decision.
Domestic cats are being snatched off the streets and killed for their meat. Restaurants serving 'baby tiger' are springing up across northern Vietnam. One owner told MailOnline he'd slaughtered 31 cats in one day just to keep up. Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a giant box fort for his son Max, 3, and daughter Story, 2, that included trap doors and a small slide. The father, who works as a florist arranging intricate displays, was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later. The city's letter said that 'waste material or junk' such as tires or furniture in a front yard violates ordinance's 'designed to protect property values, citizens' rights, neighborhood aesthetics and public safety'
Parents are getting into debt by letting adult children live at home for longer. Only 42 per cent charge their children rent  with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask. 80 per cent still buy their adult childs groceries, and 60 per cent cook dinner for them each night, according to the study by TopCashBack.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. But marking a shift in the trend, for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent. The law's future is still up in the air, and will turn on factors ranging from an upcoming Supreme Court decision on consumer subsidies to actions by Republican leaders in states opposed to Medicaid expansion.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight. She was arrested covered in blood, however police say it was not her own. The fight is believed to have started inside a bar before spilling out onto the streets in downtown Orlando.
Abiotic methane is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. It is created by chemical reactions in the crust beneath the seafloor. One reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean. Scientists don't believe they will impact climate change. Instead, they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane, that can later be used as fuel.
Miliband will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a time of scarcity He will insist a Labour government would cut the deficit every year and have national debt falling as soon as possible The Labour leader will claim not one policy in it would be funded through additional government borrowing.
More than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches at Hokota city, north-east of Tokyo. Local residents rushed to the beaches with buckets and towels in an attempt to help keep the marine mammals alive. However, almost all of the animals have now died although a few were returned to the ocean. Officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings but they triggered rumours of an impending earthquake.
The average Australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin, feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds. Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes and may be the reason why you have a runny nose or watery eyes. The odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms. An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mite living in it at one time.
Martina Levato, 23, and Alexander Boettcher, 30, accused of acid attacks on ex-boyfriends. Court heard they planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had previously been linked to even if just by a kiss. Levato also tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car, prosecutors alleged. One of their plans included travelling to London in January to carry out an attack on a man that flirted with Levato in Ibiza, judge said.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half of that sentence. Family members said Rebecca, who worked at IU Methodist Hospital, married Tony in 2006 after he'd been released from prison. The mother-of-three accepted her new husband's past and devoted herself to his rehabilitation.
The Queen will visit Runnymede in Surrey to celebrate the document's 800th anniversary. Dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town. Squatting on the private land, the group have left locals outraged. Last Thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence.
A number of online retailers stock the offending garments. They feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' According to the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, the T-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women, and play into people's fear of being laughed at.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of 24-year-old Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of a road. Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Van's lawyer said his client had no knowledge of the plan to harm Ramirez and was threatened that he would suffer a similar fate if he snitched on a friend and friend's employee who carried out the killing. The prosecution alleges Van was aided by his friend Kody Tran and Tran's wife Diane Tran
Six-storey structure collapsed 'like a pancake' in Holborn, central London. Workers fled for their lives after fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down. One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was treated by colleagues trained in first aid until an ambulance arrived. Students at LSE were seen evacuating the university's library and told to'stay clear' of the area.
Gavin Munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds. Pruning and guiding the branches into shape before grafting them together to form ultra-tough joints. Using this method he's already created several prototype pieces and has a field in Derbyshire where he's tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades.
Good Morning Britain's #SelfieEsteem campaign launched today. Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online. Men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media. Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate.
Volvo teamed up with a Swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists, called Life Paint. It contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a cars headlights, alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark. The paint is invisible in daylight but reflects light in the same direction as the light source to illuminate the objects it has been sprayed on. A trial began in London bike shops on 2 April to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread. Some of these are now on sale on eBay for £45 ($66
A national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 Australian families. Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad. Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. Almost 20 per cent of NSW families use a more extreme technique, admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine Phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant. The drug contains a sedative called promethazine which is known to cause breathing problems in young children.
Lisa Webb, 34, moved to France with her husband in 2009. She was nervous about sending her vegetable-phobic three-year-old to school. But when she spent a week in the canteen at lunchtime, she was shocked. She witnessed tots using 'grown-up knives and forks'
Rochelle Coulson, 21, suffers from sleep apnoea - a condition often linked to obesity. She put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom' and has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace. The Taxpayers' Alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a 'comfort blanket' and that people should 'get themselves in shape' to work.
Unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal in Teulada, Spain. He was trying to escape behind a set of iron bars when he fell to the floor. Despite his desperate efforts to climb back up, the bull hit him in the bottom. Unfortunate incident happened during the town's annual fiesta.
Michelle Woods, from Teesside, was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving' in the bath. When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, that's when they came face-to-face with the reptile. She believes it may belong to the property's previous tenant.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds who blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco. While the glamorous Scolaro sisters 'partied with A-list movie stars', self-made millionaire Tomer Sror continued to earn hundreds of thousands in minutes over online trades  even when he was sunbathing on the beach.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. A team from the University of Manchester, led by Dr Sarah Bridle, has spent the past two years measuring the shapes of galaxies used to construct the map. And the map was released today at the April meeting of the American Physical Society in Maryland.
Mike Fregoe of Massapequa Park, New York says he and his family built the snowman in January, when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall. The snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March. The Fregoes went to a local park every day to collect melting snow by the bucket-full to add to his snowman. But since the beginning of April, the snow man began shrinking and the family started a Facebook page asking for'snownations' to keep their beloved Frosty alive. The family finally gave up on Frost
The 42-year-old mother-of-two has vowed to live on just $29 worth of food for a week as part of a charity challenge aimed at raising awareness and funds for New York's food banks. She posted a picture of her grocery shop on her Twitter account yesterday, showcasing a range of healthy options.
The three dogs were captured in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina. The video begins with Sadie the Springer Spaniel barking and interacting with the Husky named Sky. The Husky then joins in and produces a sound somewhere between a growl and a baritone howl. Before long the two dogs are musically bouncing off one another.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles returned to Seattle 14 minutes into the flight. The pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft. The cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized, so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen. The worker, an employee of Menzies Aviation, walked off the plane and appeared well.
IMF predicts the UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016. It comes as the Tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year. George Osborne said it was 'proof our economic plan is working' But David Cameron warned growth could be put at risk if Tories are not returned to power.
The Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year in its long-range forecast. But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England. Today will be largely dry and bright across the South, but it will turn windy with a fresh south-westerly wind - and rain will move east across the North. Temperatures will reach as high as 16C (61F) in south-east England tomorrow, while Scotland will be cooler, with the mercury as low as 10
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets. He blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December, flying from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' co-authors have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' decision to release the book independently. Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin said they are 'confident' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings. The cookbook, which was supposed to be released last Month was delayed before being cancelled completely by Pan Macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth. The book is reportedly set for release online.
Chancellor repeatedly ducked questions about how the massive cash boost would be paid for. He said it would come from the Conservatives balanced plan for the economy. But Mr Marr interjected: Thats not really an answer, Chancellor
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault. Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia. The sailors, who are being held, are due to return to court on Monday.
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he spotted the snake. He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box. RSPCA officers came to collect the snake and it has been given a temporary home.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. The judge also reduced bail from $25 million to $10 million. Authorities contend Knight intentionally hit the men, killing Terry Carter, 55.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny' and already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis. Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday, drawing more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town.
Shay Mitchell stars on Pretty Little Liars, but also travels the world for charity. Julie Falconer's A Lady in London showcases the best of the English capital. adventure photographer Joe Greer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the Pacific Northwest. Sylvia Matzkowiak has been dubbed a 'Master of Europe' thanks to her stunning Balkan snaps.
The Hobart International Airport website has been hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday. Airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites for flight information.
Replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette to help American colonists in their war of independence sets sail for the United States on Saturday. Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule. The new Hermione has been under construction since 1997 and cost 25 million euros ($27 million) to build. It will head for Yorktown, Virginia, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against the British.
The video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. The footage appears to show a homophobic chant  sang along to Lily Allen song Smile  being aimed at Ashley Cole. The video has since been deleted from Twitter.
Mangu Ram was 14 when he fled to Jammu and Kashmir as a refugee. Now an old man, for the past 70 years he has been denied citizenship rights. Around 100,000 people are classified as refugees - despite most of them never visiting Pakistan, and living in the Jammu region of India. Successive governments have failed to act to due, say commentators, to a fear of upsetting the demographic balance.
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement. They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. It is the first time scientists have been able to fully understand how octopuses are able to control their movements without a rigid skeleton. The findings may help scientists develop new ways for soft robots to move around.
Islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in the remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state, where they told locals they were there to teach Islam. Once a crowd had gathered around the men, the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses. The attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters carried out by Boko Haram in neighbouring Chad are being encouraged draw pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy.
Tania Watts is likely to see Anjie Galsworthy at her daughter's funeral. She said: 'I'm still in the back of my mind not accepting...that I'm not going to see her' Becky, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Crown Hill, Bristol, on February 19, sparking a huge search operation. Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill on March 2. Her stepbrother, Nathan Matthews, 28, is set to go on trial for her murder.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage. When she became pregnant with her second child, less than two years later, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. When Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister. Ms McKay, from Leyland, near Preston, has been awarded £13 million in compensation.
Atlanta-based writer Alex Gray, 27, admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits, which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day. It wasn't until an obese friend 'unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life. Alex lost 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months.
Older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep - but they still need just as much. Getting overtired affects the memory even for those without dementia. Avoid catnapping during the day and avoid caffeine in the evening. Regularly eating food high in fat and sugar leads to inflammation in the hippocampus.
Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said his bedlington lurcher Twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the drugs. The four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drug. After 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably, shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal.
Lib Dem leader will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy and a fairer society' He has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare. But today he admitted that maths had not been his strong point as a youngster.
Cui Hongfang, 73, hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating the circumstances of the Chinese womans death. The victim's husband told Chinese media that the Canadian tourist was running down steep steps.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman. Luna is not expected to testify and the defense indicated it may call just one witness, Luna's mother, Jennifer.
Tony Blair made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. But despite the fact that Blair has a record of three general election victories, only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend. Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their real-life doppelgängers. Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex. He was greeted with waves and 'hello John' greetings wherever he went. 'John' turned out to be John Jemison, a 74-year-old former head teacher. Devon-born journalist Sophie Robehmed launched a hunt to find her 'twin stranger' in 2011. She found Birmingham native Lauren Hatcher through a mutual friend. And in another accidental result, doppel
Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets. The problem is that more and more owners are taking on horses without preparation. Many people remain unable to afford the minimum £3,000 cost per year to keep a horse  a sum that can soar if there are veterinary bills.
Aerial images show intense recent Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. Previous satellite images revealed that China has made rapid progress in building an airstrip suitable for military use on the contested Fiery Cross Reef.
Sarah, 23, was devastated to find out the man she's always thought was her father is not her biological parent as she appeared on today's Jeremy Kyle Show. Her mother told her last year that Phil wasn't her real father. Determined to find the truth, the pair went on the ITV show to get an answer. DNA test confirmed Phil and Sarah are not related but they said it won't change their relationship.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent. Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use Hedione in 1966. It has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne, Paco by Paco Rabane and Chanel no. 19.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided they wanted to start a family and each carried a child one year apart. They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero. The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation.
Nick Woodman, 39, is the founder and CEO of GoPro, a camera which can be fixed to helmets, the body, equipment or a hand-held pole. The Californian surfing couple have come a long way since the business was founded in 2004 with one product: a waterproof film camera. The day the company first went public, they sold 3.6 million shares of GoPro stock to rake in an astounding $86 million before taxes.
Family-of-six spotted riding through city of San Miguel de Tucuman, Argentina. Man was pictured holding handlebars while children sat on petrol tank. Comes just weeks after a family of seven were seen riding on same motorbike. Police say they are looking for the parents who are 'utterly irresponsible'
Elizabeth Jane Howard, who died in 2014, collected ancient jewellery. Among them are pieces up to 3,500 years old and expected to fetch £20,000. The nine lots will go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London. Howard was best known for her World War II saga, The Cazalet Chronicles.
Barcelona-based booking platform ByHours allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. It has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board. The App allows the user to select their area, and then their time slot, to be then shown a list of available hotels. The company's objective is to acquire more hotels in London during the next few months.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and 20-year-old Efrain Diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of Jonathan Krueger. The men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young Ohio native in the early morning hours Friday. The coroner's office said Kruegers died of a gunshot wound to the chest. He was photo editor for the UK campus newspaper.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but all of his personal identification had been stolen. A cop and a case manager then looked into his past, and were able to retrieve his social security number and his driver's licence. They then discovered an old, forgotten bank account with enough social security benefits in it to buy a new house.
'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza. He closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. The law, which has since been revised, sparked a boycott of Indiana. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours.
Naomi Jacobs had Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress that wiped the 'episodic' part of her memory. The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on. She thought it was 1992 and John Major was prime minister.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court. The judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness, who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age. The body that regulates the judiciary, the Judicial Conduct Investigations office has rapped the Manchester recorder.
Kyli Wilfson, now 29, was diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis when she woke up in excruciating stomach pain in October 2012. The condition left her unable to eat for a year and a half, and her weight dropped from 110lbs to 80lbs. She had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals. After finding a support group on Facebook, she was able to undergo a risky surgery to remove her pancreas, spleen, gallbladder, appendix, and duodenum. She will now walk down the aisle in October.
Photograph was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs' A pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father'swears' there was nothing behind her at the time. Reddit user who posted the controversial image online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure. Another conspirator suggested they may be combat boots from the World War II era.
A kestrel and a barn owl repeatedly lunged at each other while trying to gain mastery of the box. The fight was captured on video by wildlife photographer Robert Fuller, using a camera he set up inside a 13ft-high elm tree stump in his garden in North Yorkshire.
Alice Dreger attended class at East Lansing High School, Michigan. Her son asked her to sit in on it so she could hear what was going on first hand. She began furiously tweeting out contents of the lesson, which was filled with horror stories about what happened to people who have pre-marital sex. School has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson.
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of Xiangtan city in Hunan Province. Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud on his way from to the library around 7pm last Friday. Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times on Chinese social media.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred. Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1. The shop's owner and artists star in their own reality show, Black Ink Crew, which has had three seasons.
Michelle Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday. She said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above' The luncheon raised a record $254,000 for the center, which counsels rape survivors. While signing copies of her book, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, she revealed that she does have a boyfriend.
Some of the earliest holiday snaps of the Chinese capital were taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty. The extraordinary black and white photos show locals and foreigners posing at the Temple of Heaven, standing next to giant statues at the Western Qing Tombs and riding on boats at the Summer Palace. Long before the dawn of commercial aviation and industrialisation, there are no crowds to wade through and no smog in sight.
Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown, from Toronto, present an online science show called AsapSCIENCE on YouTube. The pair discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us. The personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were.
Thousands of twaite shad have died in Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio. More than 37 tons of fish have been collected, but there is still an overwhelming stench, sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by. Rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish off the water's surface until the mass dying subsides. Rio's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature.
Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) affects 10,000 women a year in the UK. It is a severe form of morning sickness which causes constant vomiting. University of California, Los Angeles, study looked at whether condition affects brain development in childhood. Children exposed in the womb to HG had a 3.28-fold increased risk of neurodevelopmental delays.
Veronica Roni Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds.
Lion - known as P-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space on Monday. He has so far resisted attempts to get him to move out of the house. Animal welfare workers have used a prod, beanbags and even a tennis ball. But none have been able to draw the big cat out or move him significantly.
Flakka is usually made from the chemical alpha-PVP. That's the synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone. Cathinone is the same type of chemical that is used to make bath salts. Once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength. Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes - something previously unthinkable. Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30.
Barcelona midfielder Andrés Iniesta is renting out his vineyard on Airbnb. The 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be rented out. There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the charming little property, with other facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. Visitors have travelled from afar to give the dog a snack or pose for a selfie. He is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under the counter. One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views.
'Our Planet' will focus on the Earth's last wilderness areas and the animals living there. The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally. The series is intended to wow 'global audiences with the wonder and importance of the natural world'
Former Coronation Street star, 27, unveils summer range for Lipsy. Shows off her summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals. Says she's always been a fan of the brand and was over the moon to work with them. Also models in Garnier Ambre Solaire campaign.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong. She said she hadn't spoken up about the abuse until the day she heard he had been caught, and since then had attempted to take her own life.
Surveys that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs. They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards,' according to one document. The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women.
Jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this. The two images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km), according to Esa.
Diane James, Ukip's Justice Spokesman, praised Putin's nationalist credentials. She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Ukip leader Nigel Farage sparked a row last year when he hailed Russian President as a brilliant operator for his stance on the Syrian conflict.
Archie Brown Jr struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin Sunday evening. While at the scene an unidentified gunman shot Brown and a 15 year old dead. Police are still looking for the person responsible, and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident. However a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child's death.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day. When The Button is clicked, the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it. Only people who registered on the site before 1 April are eligible to click The Button and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair' This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero to 60 seconds.
The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive' and 'Don't Say Ambitious' The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician. Following Clinton's announcement on Sunday, a hashtag on Twitter also began trending called #WhyImNotVotingForHillary.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps. The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees. Thanks to more than $3,000 in public donations, the canine was able to have the life-changing operation.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, age 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. The Doolittle Raid, also known as the Tokyo Raid, on April 18, 1942, caused negligible material damage to Japan but boosted American morale.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, south-west of Caen, and an unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. Alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind a number of thefts. Prosecutor Carole Etienne said Mr King may well have confronted the man over stolen vegetables.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, accidentally shot and killed Eric Courtney Harris. Harris, 44, was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Officers had been monitoring Harris as part of an investigation into the trade of methamphetamine. Bates, who has been a reserve since 2008, ran up 'trying to get the situation under control' and fired one shot.
Helen Flanagan, 24, has changed her style dramatically for the birth of her first child. Blake Lively, Angelina Jolie and Holly Willoughby have all adopted boho styles. Kate Middleton is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look.
Anna and Indi have been surfing since they were just 10 weeks old. The border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable. Indi, who won a runners-up medal at a competition, has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five, which is Indi's famous trade mark.
Footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on a flight from Scotland to Spain. Witnesses said the group drank heavily, abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing. Spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party off the aircraft when it arrived in Spain.
Anna Broom, of Gillingham, Kent, has not worked since the age of 19. The 33-year-old now wants an extra £10,000 to fund her dream 'traditional English wedding and party in a castle' She is desperate for a church ceremony, designer dress, horse and carriage - 'like Katie Price' - and champagne for her 50 guests. She also wants the taxpayer to stump up a further £2,000 for her honeymoon, where she hopes to jet off to Mexico.
Dale Cregan is on hunger strike in bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital. The 31-year-old was transferred to solitary confinement in HMP Manchester a month ago after being caught smuggling a mobile phone and cannabis into his prison cell. He is hoping to be transferred to Ashworth Hospital, a high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull, Merseyside. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012.
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent threats to Sue Perkins should 'kill themselves' But he quickly backtracked, saying: 'We don't want them as fans' Perkins recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of abuse. May is set to tour a Top Gear spin-off around the UK with Jeremy Clarkson.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, was overtaken by a truck on the St Petersburg ring road. He made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane. But the truck, which was carrying flour, sounded its horn and flashed by. Bazorov was sucked in towards the truck's trailer and knocked to the ground. He suffered two fractures to his legs and a pelvic area after the collision.
Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company. Almost two thirds of goldfish owners, 63 per cent, even confess to putting the tank in sight of the TV so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day. The owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch 28 hours of TV a week.
The 13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has just been placed on the market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour - as well as 46 hectares of land. The castle is only 15 minutes from the local airport, which offers regular flights to London City and London Stansted.
David Potchen, who robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June, is now employed and living with the support of his relatives. The 53-year-old, who was originally sentenced for a 2000 bank robbery, had been making $8.29 an hour in prison but had trouble finding a job on his release. Potchen decided he needed to go back to prison after his years free had left him without a job or a place to stay and sleeping in mosquito-filled woods.
Finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler.
Jianxin Primary School, in eastern China, has set up the classes. Around 50 obese pupils are put through their paces every day after school. Teachers have also enlisted the help of a nutritionist to help the pupils maintain a healthy weight. The Kung Fu Panda classes are named after a Dreamworks film of the same name.
The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance. He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013. The Duchess of Cambridge, meanwhile, will largely be based at their London home Kensington Palace. Royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport William back to London, meaning the prince faces a two-hour blues and twos dash back to the
Intruder was arrested after climbing into the grounds of the President's home at 10.25pm. The package was examined and 'deemed to be harmless', according to CNN. It is not known what it contained or why the fence was climbed. Last September a knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side and get into White House itself via unlocked door.
The FDA has ruled that KIND bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be. Investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' - brimming with fiber, protein and antioxidants, while being low in fat and sodium. However, upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' A 40g Honey Smoked BBQ KIND Bar - marketed as 'bold and all-natural' - contains 230 calories, 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium. Meanwhile, an equivalent serving of Snickers contains 190 calories,
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the US Capitol on Wednesday. Johnson confirmed that the pilot, Florida postal worker Doug Hughes, was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago. Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic. House Homeland Security panel Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Doug Hughes in their sights and were prepared to open fire.
Labour leader refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years. Refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament. Gave strongest indication yet that Ed Balls would be Chancellor in a Labour-led government. Chuka Umunna said he believed one in seven company directors should be from ethnic minority backgrounds.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property. But the town hall ruled that the first floor, kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners in 1994. The Jubbs said they obtained a certificate that stated there were no infractions when they bought the estate.
Find Boston Bombers subreddit was set up by Chris Ryves in wake of 2013 attack. In hours after deadly attack, Reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the high-profile event. Millions of users took to Ryves's thread on day of bombings, and following days, highlighting spectators whom they believed looked suspicious based on their demographics and whether they had been wearing a backpack. Their claims - based on analysis of photos and videos - even led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi, a Brown University student who was missing, being wrongly identified as the bomber. Now, Ryves has told of
Neil Killham, 32, from Manchester, made his own version of the trifle. He posted a picture of his creation on Twitter with the caption: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends' Friends character Rachel Green accidentally made the dish 16 years ago. She mistakenly used beef instead of the lamb which is traditional in the pie.
The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show. They generate screens showing information that only the wearer can see. For example, the goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks. Information such as speed and speed limits are shown on the heads-up display so the data is in the drivers primary field of view and they dont have to take their eyes off the road. An X-ray view lets wearers see external objects concealed by the car, such as high kerbs
Robert F Kennedy Jr spoke at a screening of the documentary Trace Amounts in Sacramento, California on Tuesday. The film purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism, though it is a theory the scientific community has mostly dismissed. Kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in Oregon stop a similar measure in that state, and was hoping it would have a similar effect in California.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children were caught on CCTV boarding a cross-Channel ferry from Dover earlier this month. Thames Valley Police believed they arrived in Calais, France, before travelling south down through Europe in a bid to flee to Syria. But a Turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in Ankara and are currently in custody. Photos released by the Turkish government show the couple pushing prams for their young children.
Kym Ackerman saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff on March 25. Ackerman, 32, spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist. The dentist didn't find any cavities and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Presenter agreed to keep quiet so Top Gear Live shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' BBC Worldwide feared Clarson would vent his anger at sacking during live shows. The global tour of the motoring looked like it faced the axe following Clarkson's hotel fracas with producer Oisin Tymon over a steak dinner.
The world's joint third-largest cruise ship, the Anthem of the Seas, has just arrived in Southampton, UK, for its naming ceremony. The mammoth ocean liner has reached its berth: the 101 in Southampton Docks, which will be its home port for the summer season. With 18 decks and a capacity of nearly 5,000, the ship is truly an engineering feat - and expects to welcome 80,000 on board this summer.
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said in a speech on Wednesday that if North Korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program, it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world, including the United States. The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said the remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility. The 42-year-old needed 80 stitches to the deep knife wound to his face after the attack.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona. The 42-year-old wore a striking white suit with a blush-coloured silk top. She accessorised with nude patent Mary-Janes and a woven clutch. The mother-of-two delivered a speech at the event and posed for pictures.
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction. Two-thirds also don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save the lives of those suffering a severe allergic reaction known as anaphylaxis. Around 21million Britons have some kind of allergy, ranging from hayfever to reactions to food, medication and wasp stings.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, was meant to ink 'Riley' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', Mr Moffatt started needling the letter P - and had to urgently'scribble' over the mistake. He also attempted to mark himself with Riley's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but ended up scratching 'Sony Boy' across his knuckles instead. The makeshift tattoo session took place with a £70 ink gun bought online. NHS worker was drunk at the time and
27-year-old Demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt. Deputies said Nelson broke into a woman's home and demanded money. Once they got there, Nelson told the woman to get into the trunk of the car. Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Sally Jones, 45, ran away from her home in Chatham, Kent, to wage jihad. Mother-of-two is believed to have set up home in Raqqa, Syria, with toyboy husband. Video appears to show her leading members of al-Khanssaa Brigade - the all-women contingent set up by ISIS - in a series of chants expressing the fighters' commitment to jihad. Experts say slicky-edited video is the first'real evidence' which shows Jones is involved with the brigade at a 'high level'
Ellie, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, lost their eight-year-old brother Harvey last year. They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for. Once the family posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed, from south London, posted 45,600 tweets in less than a year. The 22-year-old posted around 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers. Her tweets also included a poem 'Mother of the Martyr' which advises parents how to raise a child to be violent with weapons and learn jihad.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was successfully matched with a Philadelphia man after turning to the National Kidney Registry's paired exchange program. When she received the kidney March 26, the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from San Diego to Boston who have loved ones in need with patients desperately in need of a transplant. Neyen, who's battled kidney disease much of her life, received her kidney after her husband Bill gave his kidney to someone else in need.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. It has been present since 2013 and has been causing fish to seek shelter. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts in California, Oregon and Washington. It could also be playing a part in circulating cold and wet air to the central and eastern states of the US.
Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest. Kushner testified that the 2007 charges were expunged as part of a probationary sentence. On cross-examination, he acknowledged that he was arrested again in 2011 and sentenced to four years of probation.
Andre Cole, 52, was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution. Cole and his wife, Terri, were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995. The couple fought about visitation and he was upset about child support payments, authorities said. By 1998, Cole was $3,000 behind in child support.
Al Qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla. The militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port. Shiite rebels are currently locked in fierce battles with forces loyal to Yemen's internationally recognised President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, who fled to Saudi Arabia last month.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry. His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. On April 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by Giray's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement, ULUkaya settled for an unknown sum.
Harrowing details revealed in SBS Dateline documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking. Documentary charted eight year investigation into multi-billion pound 'organs-on-demand' transplant programme. Human Rights lawyer David Matas claims people are being killed for organs in China - a country where there are only 37 registered organ donors.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in Normandy, France. He retired there from his job as an engineer in Britain some 15 years ago. On October 27, he went to tea with friends living close to his home. He is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28. Police sniffer dogs found his corpse at the bottom of the 12ft well.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014. Since then restrictive laws and regulations have been implemented across the world, due to privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about damage to property or crashes with other aircraft.
Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault. Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children. After the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views. Cyr said that Delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband followed the driver to record his license plate number.
Winnie Harlow, 19, suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that singer Michael Jackson was diagnosed with. Shaun Ross, 23, is an albino fashion star who has appeared in campaigns for the likes of Alexander McQueen and Givenchy. The pair were pictured holding hands as they made their way into a Popular magazine launch event in Hollywood on Tuesday night.
Photographs were captured by Roger Byng, 67, on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester. The fox was on a search for food, evidently being hungry enough to tackle a large goose. It broke into a run in an effort to take one of the geese, who at the last moment caught sight of his approach.
Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore. 'Watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing,' he said. 'I live in a constant state of depression. I think of us as turd miners. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease'
Doctor John Parker has tested negative for the deadly Ebola virus. The humanitarian doctor was taken to Westmead Hospital on Saturday morning after falling ill. He had been working at an Australian-run Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November last year. NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required.
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health. Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old Riley. His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease. The adult whooping coughing vaccine will not be available in Australia until July.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win in order to help keep the Tory leader as Prime Minister. Mr Farage dropped his demand that the Tories ditch Mr Cameron before any post election deal. He said he believed many were in 'their hearts' closer to his position of wanting an EU referendum as soon as possible.
Rihanna is one of a number of celebrities who are ditching their bras. Kim Kardashian and Nicole Scherzinger have also ditched their underwear. Amanda Holden caused a media frenzy when she went bra-less in a skintight khaki number at the Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham.
Raymond Handley, 62, jailed for 13-and-a-half years for sexually assaulting girl, 8. Daughter Becky, 20, learned of his crimes after reading about them online. Described her father as a 'horrible man' and said he should be 'hanged' Now wants to change her name via deed poll and disown her father.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed Jabba the Hutt by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. He was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadnt taken enough to defeat his massive frame. Following his suicide attempt, something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around. Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple. In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison and Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men' Despite the family's
'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues,' she told reporters in the liberal bastion of Keene. She is making her first campaign visit this year to New Hampshire, a state beloved by the Clinton family for giving both her faltering 2008 effort and her husband's struggling 1992 campaign a second wind. In a traditional Democratic stand, she voiced her strong support for Social Security, a program some Republicans are eager to trim back. 'It's not enough just to tread water,' she said.
Llallawavis scagliai would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing. The fossilised skeleton was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina. It was so well preserved that scientists have been able to study part of the bird's auditory system and its trachae. They say that while it had a terrifying apperance, its hearing was probably below average compared to birds living today. It has raised the prospect that the bird may have used low frequency sounds to help detect its prey.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude for the positive things in their life had better mental and physical health, a study found. Patients who were more grateful had lower markers of inflammation, which can worsen heart failure. University of California researchers asked patients to write down three things for which they were thankful most days of the week for eight weeks. They found that gratitude journaling is an easy way to support cardiac health.
The I'm Up Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then only turn off by scanning a QR code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room. The app uses a Quick Response code, or QR code, which is a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect. It will be available on Apple and Android phones and a version for Windows phones is being developed. The alarm app will have a snooze function but it will only allow users to delay getting up a set number of times.
The pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or Asperger syndrome to be based at the firm's Redmond offices in Washington. If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide. Microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at Specialisterne. The plans were announced by Mary Ellen Smith, corporate vice president or worldwide operations. Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness. In both cases he was sole beneficiary of the women's substantial life insurance policies totalling $500,000 in the case of first wife and $4.5million in case of second. Now, newly filed documents have revealed that he is fighting for a $1.5
Actress Patsy Kensit, 47, said the Duchess of Cambridge is her'regal inspiration' She added: 'She repeats outfits, which is brilliant. I know it's a shallow thing to say but I think it's done so much for women' This is the first time that the Duchess has been lauded as a feminist icon.
Uno, just three weeks old, and Louie, a full-grown dog, were together at home in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month. The clip begins with one of the Pogue family, who recently adopted Uno, tentatively holding him. After carefully saying hello to Louie's left forepaw, Uno climbs over and settle down between the huge canine's front legs.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case, who did as instructed. Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued Valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air. He even pointed the weapon at an officer at one point. The gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene. Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree
A vigilante group has taken to the streets of Brisbane, spray-painting over offensive slogans on the side of campervans which they claim promotes violence against women. Up to 150 protesters gathered on Saturday afternoon to rally against van hire company Wicked Campers. The Brisbane-based company came under fire last year after over 120,000 Australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet. Wicked Camper's CEO John Webb apologised for the offense the vans had caused many members of the community, and invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint or tape over it'
William Smith died four months after his mother Alison Overton died. The 14-year-old wore her bandana and sprayed her perfume around the house. He was discovered by his grandmother who thought he was'messing about' Coroner said it was more likely the teenager was trying to play a prank on his siblings.
Two Senegalese wrestlers, Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene, competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar. After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious. Wrestling with strikes allows punches to the face or head and can end with a knockout blow.
There are now 1.02million men in the UK who have opted to work reduced hours. This compares to 4.58million women who work part-time to care for children. Men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time. It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. He passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history. In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame. Inscribed on the back of the frame, he claimed, was 'CSS Georgia'
Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support as they unveiled their Election manifestos. It means the Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge. Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the issue was close to his heart The Mail on Sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic first-aid techniques.
94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states. Also in danger are 486 public venues, 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a'significant customer presence' Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation after a large-magnitude earthquake.
Heathrow airport are threatening to strip Qantas of their eight valuable landing spots after they continually arrived late. The Australian airline could also be facing a massive £20,000 fine, that's more than AU$38,000, for every time the A380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the English tarmac. The airline have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport.
Sophie, 50, wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large, dark plumes. Beatrice, 26, the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson, opted for an unusual blue creation. With them, and sporting a slightly more subtly coloured hat embellished with a large rose, was Autumn Phillips. Lady Louise Windsor, the countess 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies.
Former PM spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in interview. Said he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' and is'very lucky' Said he has left British politics and is now more interested in working at a 'global level' Mr Blair earns millions of pounds a year from his consultancy roles.
Bryan Morseman, 29, of Bath, New York, started his streak at the Montgomery Marathon in Alabama on March 14. He ran the Tobacco Road Marathon in Cary, North Carolina, the next morning because it was one the way home to New York. A week later he placed first at the Yeungling Shamrock Marathon in Virginia Beach. In total, the full-time precious metal clerk earned $5,750 in winnings from the races, all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son Leeim. Leeim was born with spina bifida, a developmental congen
Police have identified 25 people who claim the Labour peer attacked them. Each could claim for up to £100,000 and one man has already instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council for damages. Several of those who claim to have been sexually abused say Janner got to them through paedophile Frank Beck, a manager of Leicester children's homes.
The 32-year-old Cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. Despite his claims that it improved her condition, the father, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor. The little girl, who was diagnosed with the deadly disease shortly before Christmas, has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs.
President Barack Obama and his wife, Michelle, paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of $477,000. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show. The Obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $160,00 in itemized deductions, including $70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, Lana Kington, 25, Madison Lloyd, 27, rose to fame for their YouTube videos which see them miming to songs in their car. In March, their parody of Bohemian Rhapsody went viral, quickly racking up millions of hits on YouTube and attracting the attention of Queen guitarist Brian May. Their follow-up, Mime Through Time, has surpassed the views of the first video. Their videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media.
Alexandra Harra, 28, has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' She has a BA degree in creative writing and classics. Now lives in Miami and works as a life coach and author. Recently dyed her hair black to look more like the reality star. Says she is treated like a celebrity in her native Romania.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences, according to the new research. Researchers claim that being exposed to sarcasm required more cognitive complexity, or the ability to see things from more than one angle. The findings could be used to help patients who have suffered brain damage regain the ability.
Melissa Borg has been missing from her Baulkham Hills home since last Thursday. The 13-year-old left home at 7:30am and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. However Melissa never made it to class and her father alerted police to her disappearance when he arrived home from work and she was nowhere to be found. Police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance, however they have so far been unable to find the child.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father's return to the party. Accused him of trying to sabotage her party's efforts to move into political mainstream. Tensions had escalated last week after he defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history'
The newest generation of beauty products will be personalised. Eyeko London's Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes. Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisers, serums, cleansers and toners. Harvey Nichols' Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service for make-up.
Three flights into Heathrow were diverted over the weekend. BA denied an engine fire forced one of it's London-bound planes to return to Baku, Azerbaijan. A medical emergency saw the third flight in 24 hours - flight #BA76 - diverted to Paris Charles de Gaulle after leaving Luanda.
The move is an apparent attempt to delay the trial of 57-year-old Jane Laut in the 2009 killing of Dave Laut. Laut had been free on bail but was rearrested in the court hallway after the hearing. Her attorney Ron Bamieh called the prosecution's move 'unprofessional' and 'pretty much unprecedented' in a murder case. The couple were high school sweethearts married 29 years.
Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge beat Magdalen College, Oxford. Law student Ted Loveday answered 10'starter for 10' questions on BBC show. Viewers took to the internet to express their admiration for the student. He revealed that his team revised for the show by watching YouTube videos.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year. It involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever. The product, called Droops, is still in the early stages, but Mr Chow says the coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost about £80.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B. They said: 'Weve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields. Its been great to bring this great tower back to life'
Senate committee voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. The Obama administration was in panic-mode this week, trying to strike a last-minute deal with legislators on both sides of the aisle.
Candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. She underwent surgery and radiation treatment to'mop up' the cancer. Ms Fox rejected conventional treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online. Her diet program involved her drinking'morning juice', dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins. She said when she returned to the doctors months after embracing her new lifestyle, medical staff found her cancer had been radically reduced in size.
Barcelona is a city of contrasting art and architecture with a handy beach alongside it. No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona. There's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade of weekend breaks, plus cracking food, colourful markets and places to party all night long.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association. But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving behind just a shard of the trunk. The metal dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed. The incident is the third time that a Brown memorial has been destroyed.
Millie-Belle Diamond, who is 14 months old, has a staggering 115,000 Instagram followers. Her mother Schye Fox set up the account when she was two months old so that their family in WA and Queensland could see her grow. The toddler's account rocketed in popularity in July last year when a picture of the little girl wearing a leopard-print bow was shared by @FashionKids - an Instagram account with three million fans. 'Shes the most followed baby under two in the world on Instagram, Ms Fox said.
Cressida Bonas, 26, unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador. Poses in an old courthouse in Clerkenwell, London, wearing the brand's spring/summer 2015 collection. Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida shows off her moves as she pulls some poses.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing. A woman filming the scene can be heard letting out a soft giggle after watching the boisterous toddler in action.
Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won Extreme Huntress in 2010. She is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills. Gervais posted picture of her lying next to a dead giraffe on his Twitter feed. Message was retweeted thousands of times - with some calling it 'psychopathy' But Francis is a proud advocate for the sport - and has travelled the world.
Mary Ann Diano and Dennis Krauss lost their homes in Hurricane Sandy. The 62-year-old was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety. She was reunited with her cats but lost her home, and went to live in a Connecticut trailer park after winning a years rent-free accommodation in a church raffle. There she met Mr Krauss, who had also lost his home in Brooklyn, and the homeless pair began a relationship. Ms Diano won the lottery last October after buying it from a gas station, but decided not to cash it in until April 6  the
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean. It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009. In October, its crew turned over more than 14 tons of cocaine to the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands. Despite Elliot's best efforts, Gemma keeps licking away. Other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, had no idea she was expecting. She kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy, and had no cravings. Gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing from Friday, it was revealed that David Zaslav was compensated an unbelievable $156.1million last year. This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN. It is a remarkable boost from the $33million he received in 2013, with $22.5million of that also coming from stock awards. This amount is far, far greater than the $93million CBS chairman Sumner Redstone made in 2013 and the $67m Les Moonves made.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her. She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid. The landlord of the house, a 32-year-old Spanish man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested. Spanish Police are said to have found blood and an industrial meat grinder at the property in a quiet street, as well as a list of three other tenants.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The duo were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider. Haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife, and is believed to have planned an ISIS-like attack. Both men often visited frequented the controversial Al-Furqan Islamic study centre
Thief posed as a member of congregation at St James' church in Manchester. He sat down next to 86-year-old woman and stole her handbag on Good Friday. He then tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags before fleeing. Police have released an e-fit image of the man and are appealing for witnesses.
The 29-year-old, who lived in California, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs. He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb peoples pain and this might be why some people play them excessively. Candy Crush Saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex on St Kilda Road in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' She recently filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building owners' corporation and elevator service, Thyssenkrupp Elevator Australia.
Sinkhole appeared in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-western China. Experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground. The temperature has been measured at 792C - but that was from two metres away. Video footage shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim.
Scottish drinkers are so cautious of the country's new drink-driving limits bar sales have plummeted by 60 per cent. Under the new Scottish drink-drive law, enacted on December 5, the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg. Hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a tipple at lunch or on their way home from work.
Jordan Spieth, 21, showed true grace under pressure to win The Masters. As a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas, the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the Murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. The 21-year-old impressed many following Sunday's big victory with his manners and affable manor. In 18 months, he has banked more than $13 million on the PGA Tour alone.
The eatery, which is Chicagos only three-Michelin-starred restaurant, is the brainchild of culinary prodigy Grant Achatz. The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York. The US has 19 of the best restaurants in the world, followed by France which boasts 14 and the UK, which has a mere eight. Spain has eight in the list while Italy has seven and Australia had five.
Recent data released by KAYAK.com.au has revealed that most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe. Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe, with the number one choice being the ancient city of Athens in Greece. Other hot spots for Aussie tourists include Toronto in Canada and Warsaw, in Poland. Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, Dublin in Ireland, Barcelona in Spain, Colombo in Sri Lanka, Santiago in Chile, and Vienna in Austria also make the list.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit. But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27. Lubitz had hidden a sick note on the day of the crash and researched suicide.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant. Mr Cameron will borrow phrase used by Mrs Thatcher in her first speech as party leader to declare the dream of a property-owning democracy is alive
Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya on Sunday. Kenyan army spokesman, Colonel David Obonyo, later said: 'The two targets were hit and taken out, the two camps are destroyed' News of the bombings came after it was claimed Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at Garissa University. Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university, but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon. Government representatives have defended the long response time
A bare-chested man walked into a hospital in Dongguan, Guangdong Province. He was carrying a knife, and threatened a nurse with the weapon. Dr Lin Xikun, an accident and emergency doctor, rushed to her aid. He offered to swap places with the hostage taker, allowing her to escape.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men. Several high-powered women, including women's right campaigner Chelsea Clinton, have re-tweeted the results of the search.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern allegedly beat David Alderson and left him to drown, before using his keys to steal £40,000 from a safe. Police originally thought that the 72-year-old victim - a keen cyclist - had died as a result of falling from his bike, because he was dressed in lycra at the time.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at her workplace Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. At 12.59pm on Sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday. A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was'so freakin excited' Family say the 26-year-old is'so in love' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. The shooting left Margaret McCollum paralyzed below the waist. Investigators found no evidence McColloms intended to harm Margaret. He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge.
Royston Coates, who is serving a 10-year sentence, posted pictures on Facebook. He boasted about watching TV and showed off his muscles in a string of pictures. He also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons. Prison authorities have now shut down the criminal's Facebook account after being alerted to the messages.
Many women spend hundreds of pounds a month on expensive skincare products. But make common mistakes every single day that could lead to their skin ageing faster. FEMAIL called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed some light on the classic mistakes women make. They share their vital tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your skIncare regime.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent at least £40 a week on new boxers. Bought 365 pairs - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear. After wiping out most of his savings, Mr Almond realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' He has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over.
Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Condé Nast Traveller. The five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool, which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms. The 18th-century Ballyfin is set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country.
'Kick and kill' strategy aims to eradicate the virus, by stimulating the immune system - the body's natural defence mechanism - with a vaccine. Researchers believe the injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick', allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells. Theory based on a single patient case study.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands. But his team banned national media journalists from the event. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the Labour leader, who had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs.
Sandra Malcolm's body was discovered at her home in Cape Town, South Africa. Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this. Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday morning. She had been planning to return to Scotland next month to visit family.
New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods. Progressive education experts in the UK have long pushed for our system to emulate the group work and independent study that is popular in Finland. Finland was proclaimed an education superpower after appearing at the top of international rankings tables between 2001 and 2009.
Man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's restaurant. Egged on by his friends, the man, known only as Chase, strides over to his partner. The woman is clearly delighted, quickly saying 'Yes' The couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter.
Gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province. One of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani. The exact crime the victim is accused of committing is not known, but images of his violent death were uploaded to Twitter saying he was a'sorcerer'
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton on Wednesday. The Prime Minister isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters. It seems the unrelenting enthusiasm of politicians is what annoys kids most.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men. The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households. This means that the women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts. Many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter. He retired from the ring with a rumoured fortune of $15million in the 1990s. Now the 46-year-old is offering to 'tweet anything' for people who pay him $20. He has posted messages asking for dates and promoting companies.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' and was adamant there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye.
Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a $1million legal dispute. The multi-millionaire is accused of swearing at staff in a Los Angeles store. Kitson is popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham and Lady Gaga. Despite bearing the Kitson name, the two stores in LAX are not run by him. Instead, another business called Hudson pays Kitson a licensing fee to use the brand.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker Dionne Clark and her husband Shaun in July 2013. She even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome telling them how much she enjoyed herself. But when Mr Clark told the John Lewis department store worker's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped. She has now admitted wasting police time and rendering Mr and Mrs Clark to suspicion under the sexual offences act.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl. Prosecutors say Allen could face a life sentence if he is convicted of having sex with a child under 13.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were sat in front room of their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester, when thugs began pelting his front window with stones. When one brick smashed the glass, Mr Young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye by another brick. He was taken to hospital but doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye. Police have launched an investigation but said there appears to be no motive and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test Britains defences. A destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the English Channel along with two other Russian ships. It forced the UK to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels. Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers, capable of carrying nuclear missiles, hugged British airspace  prompting the RAF to deploy two Typhoon fighter jets. Sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to snoop on a huge Nato war games
Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry. Accident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am. It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries. Cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site.
Michael Slager is being held in prison on murder charges for shooting Walter Scott in the back in North Charleston, South Carolina on April 4. But local prosecutors have said that he won't face the death penalty because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' State law lists 12 conditions which can lead to death, including torture, rape, drug trafficking, kidnapping and arson.
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC Two's Back for Dinner. Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. Entomophagy could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle after the Home Office turned down their bid to remain in the UK. Saffat died of meningitis last month, after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer and several rounds of chemotherapy left his immune system fatally weakened. The family first came from Bangladesh to the UK in October 2007 to live with Maarij's father, who was studying for a PhD.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. Contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. Now, researchers have found a series of hidden faces and message in it. Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero, 21, were involved in a horrific head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday. The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident. Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation, hoping for the kindness of strangers. The appeal on 'Go Fund Me' titled 'Help get Martina Home,' has already seen more than $13,000 donated by 367 complete strangers.
The owner of the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila etches customised caricatures into coffee froth. Zach Yonzon uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. The tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer, which he dips in dark chocolate.
London estate agents were invited to value a house in Enfield. The house had been rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost. Installed with secret cameras, microphones and booby traps, the unsuspecting estate agents are subject to cruel, but hilarious, pranks.
The brawl took place at the Serbian Community Centre in Willawong. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm. The centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party. Four people have been arrested, including a 20-year-old Goodna man.
Boy, 8, taken to hospital after playground prank called'sleeper' went wrong. He was suffocated until he passed out and is expected to make a full recovery. Police in Manchester have now issued a warning to parents over the game. Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents. Post has been shared more than 11,200 times on the social network.
Shelly Sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband's alleged mistress V. Stiviano, saying she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice' The billionaire wife of former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week. Donald Sterling, 80, had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn't take them to court over the money. Despite acknowledging marital problems, she also said she
Coronation Street star Samia Ghadie and boyfriend Sylvain Longchambon enjoyed a four-day trip to New York. The couple visited the World Trade Center to pay their respects to those lost on September 11, 2001. Samia and Sylvain enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all. The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue. The groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity. The researchers plan to conduct biometric testing to measure the bodies response to the material.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, appeared in court for the first time on Friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty. Noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect's parents, Karen and Glenn Doshays, the son of a prominent San Diego businessman. Glenn Doshay is a minority owner of the San Diego Padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife. Prosecutors are accusing DoshAY of attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from Skyline elementary school in Solana Beach, California on March 23. D
The list price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700. Yet the manufacturer and Porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability. Thousands of cars aged three to eight years old were assessed on failure rate, age, mileage and cost of repairs. The most reliable was Honda, with Suzuki second and Toyota in third place.
Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs officials arrested more than 1,200 people in raids across the country. The raids took place in San Juan, Dallas, El Paso, Los Angeles and Detroit. Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses. At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago and needed $80,000 for surgery. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see Jackson paralysed. For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise the money. On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page, but Jackson's mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder but says that he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers. The Indian national was given two death sentences in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and 61-year-old Satayrathi Venna. He acted as his own lawyer during his trial before his post-conviction hearings were taken over by lawyers. Attorney Henry Hilles said he has spent more time with their client 'than has ever occurred in Montgomery County history'
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. The flaw leaves any information, even if its sent over a seemingly secure Https connection, potentially open to hackers. It was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1. The day the flaw was announced, and subsequently patched, there were said to be 20,000 apps using the library.
Dave Roberts jumped off the Transporter Bridge over the River Tees. He followed in the footsteps of his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister. But instead of falling to his death - Mr Roberts survived the jump. The 50-year-old is in the running to become the mayor of Middlesbrough.
Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8. During the ceremony, mourners wept as the children's cousin, Makok Kuol, described them as 'three beautiful angels' Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in a
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno has been told all 147 tigers must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday. The news will no doubt please animal rights activists who have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats at the sanctuary. The temple, just outside of Bangkok, has been open near Kanchanaburi since 1994.
The television personality - with the maiden name DePandi at the time - cuddled up to the Stand By Me actor on the red carpet at the Maxim Magazine Hot 100 party in Las Vegas back in June 2004. In her new book the 40-year-old television presenter revealed that Jerry was 'talking up Rebecca as a prelude to feeling up Rebecca', as he appeared to be a bit distracted.
Ian Harris, 51, is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo. Says it is equivalent to Muslim women being pictured in hijabs. Has already been turned down once by the government agency.
The Curious Canine Kitchen opens for one weekend only (11 to 12 April) Menu was devised by event organiser Natty Mason who worked with whole foods chef Emily Stevenson. Each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water, beef consomme and coconut water.
The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. Around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway. Firefighters told CBS2 that as much as 2 feet of murky water, more than enough to reach the electrified third rail, had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede.
Ted Koran, 59, was struggling with depression after his wife Karen passed away from cancer six months ago. On Saturday night, Ted called the Veterans Suicide Hotline but claims he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time. Only the thought of the 60 rescue animals he and his wife cared for stopped Ted from ending his own life. The Veterans Association estimates that 22 former servicemen and women end their lives every day across the US.
Dr. Fredric Brandt was found hanged inside his Miami home on Easter Sunday morning. Police report reveals that Brandt had been suffering from extreme depression for just 10 days before his death. The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, which Tina Fey's husband Jeff Richmond has producing credits for. Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer. Sources close to Brandt said he was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix show.
Olympic gold medalist Rebecca Adlington is eight months pregnant. The 26-year-old is expecting her first child with husband Harry Needs. She has lost 21lbs after appearing in I'm A Celebrity! Get Me Out Of Here. She says she's now 'craving stodge' and can't wait for the baby to arrive.
The Sutherland Shire Council is exploring the idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. Among these locations are Cronulla beach and Wanda beach, both in southern Sydney. This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. Many locals have already had a mostly negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets.
Christine Carriage, 67, was handed a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court. A total of 1,337 items of clothing, shoes and handbags  valued at £5,620  were seized by police from the home in Bowthorpe, Norwich, on November 4, 2013. Officers found cash, drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine.
The image was captured over Jaibru in Australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon 'looping lightning' Upwards lightning is possible, but is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an upwards direction. Storm chaser Dan Robinson believes 'looped lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from Colombia. Toro came to the United States and eventually began working for the DEA as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates. He wasn't paid for work, but was told he would be rewarded with US citizenship. That has not happened and Toro is now technically living in the US illegally after declining health forced him to retire.
Three years ago, Pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio, a devastating disease which paralyses its victims' legs. Today, it's on the rise again after the Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick. Mother-of-three Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities. Opt for a stroll around New York's recently-built Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg. Or visit one of London's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix.
Szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis to make it bigger. Instead it became so swollen and inflammed, he was unable to have sex. He said: 'I had to stop having sex with my wife as it's too painful' Cosmetic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh said he had never seen anything like it. The only option was to'skin' the penis to remove the Vaseline and scar tissue.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. Now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child's death. The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment. 'I was awe-struck. I had never seen anything like that before in my life,' he said.
Country star Tim McGraw is facing backlash from conservative fans after agreeing to put on a Connecticut concert in support of a pro gun control charity. McGraw committed to a benefit concert for Sandy Hook Promise, which formed in the aftermath of one of the US's deadliest school shootings. The Louisiana-raised singer is scheduled to raise money with a Hartford, Connecticut show on July 17. However, anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw, 47, risks losing his career the same way female country trio the Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones suffered from Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) It is a type of brain damage that occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood. To control the condition Caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours.
Young Kowen is devastated by the loss of his pet goldfish, Top. He cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move. He then drops the goldfish down the toilet and flushes it. The video is aptly captioned: 'Boy loses best friend'
Etan Patz's 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. Pedro Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades. The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks. The ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and US ice breakers, which have been hampered by the extreme conditions.
Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later. The men were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia. Alleged victim, who is a civilian, was taken to hospital and examined by sexual assault nurses. If found guilty, the men could face 14 years in jail.
Hadas from Eritrea, Africa, talks about her experience of being circumcised. Hadas' story reveals how entrenched the culture of FGM is Eritrea. The barbaric practice is said to prevent women growing up to be clumsy. Girls are mutilated by someone with no medical training, often using instruments such as a knife, pair of scissors, scalpel or razor blade. Anaesthetic isn't used and the victims are often forcibly restrained.
Video taken in forecourt of Sunoco gas station on North 5th Street in Philadelphia. Shows five people, including two children, storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old. One of the group takes out Mace as the man is brought to the ground. They then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless. The encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10- year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him.
New eHarmony study finds women are 'all talk and no action' when it comes to finding 'Mr Right' 54 per cent of women say they prioritise love, yet spend less time actively looking for dates than male counterparts. While 60 per cent admit they haven't met the right person yet, 24 per cent think 'all the good ones are taken' Sydney singleton Candice Ingram, 39, hates the sympathy she gets from coupled friends. 'Im still Candice whether I'm single or not, I still have a brain of my own and am an individual'
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, is an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art. He said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on. He has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore. Mr Crawford was commissioned to build the Cloak of Remembrance for Anzac Day, which will be unveiled at the New Zealand Embassy in Washington.
David Lammy said the SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats. Scottish First Minister has vowed to 'lock out' David Cameron from Number 10 in exchange for higher government spending, more taxes and increased borrowing. Mr Miliband has ruled out joining a formal coalition with the SNP.
The Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. It comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen.
Yassir Ali, 29, of no-fixed-abode, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham. Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. Dashcam footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat. The man attempts to block the squad car while Ali tries to escape at break-neck speeds. Ali was jailed for 14 months for dangerous driving.
Toronto-born Crombie died on Wednesday in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. Crombie's organs were donated, and his family plans to take his ashed back to Toronto by bus, because that's how he liked to travel.
Child was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester. He walked across the mudflats unaware of the low tide and became stuck. Coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy, with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety. The 11-year-old was returned to safety shortly afterwards.
The nephew of President John F Kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations. On Monday, following a storm of criticism, he publicly retracted his statement. Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families.
Tamara Pacskowska, 56, pretended to be 76-year-old Georgina Bagnall-Oakley. She took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska, 34, along with her on the visits to help her translate. The fraudsters were eventually caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house in Bayswater, West London. Today at Southwark Crown Court, Pacskowski sobbed as she was given a community order and made to pay costs after previously admitting fraud. Mother-of-three Brze
It has been revealed the government began secretly tracking phone calls under a program created for the Drug Enforcement Agency in 1992. The DEA program and its aims had been revealed earlier this year in a report from the Justice Department, though there was no mention of just how big the program was, and the amount of data the agency was authorized to gather. This is also now the oldest known example of the American government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country. The goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings, especially those that were previously unknown to members of the DEA and federal government.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police. The thief took her laptop, jewelry and a digital camera. Anyone who recognizes the man in the video is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 800-577-TIPS.
18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was given to Lord Uxbridge in 1828 by Trinity College Dublin when he served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. The box is about three-and-a-half inches long and weighs just six ounces. It was sold by Bonhams to a private collector for £100,900.
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey, has been found guilty of killing 14-month-old Mason Hess by snapping his neck after shaking him. She claimed she was trying to burp him when he began choking on his applesauce in August 2012. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. When the verdict was read out, the 46-year-old sobbed uncontrollably and told her lawyer over-and-over again: 'I didn't do it' She now faces 30 years in prison.
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped outside his New York City townhouse on Thursday. His wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her brand Marchesa. Chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room on Thursday - the couple's son Dashiell. The couple along with their two children all spent Easter together at their Connecticut home with georgina sharing a photo of Easter eggs.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli receives the most abuse online. Chelsea receive the greatest volume of discriminatory messages on social media. An abusive message is directed at a Premier League club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes. Almost a third of the abusive posts were racist, a quarter were based on gender and just under a fifth about sexual orientation.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, said that she stands by her statement, and that she does not hate gay people. She then responded to the now staggering $850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying; 'God has blessed us for standing up for what we believe, and not denying him' The news comes a little over a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays. On Saturday, openly gay basketball star Jason Collins and openly gay Division I star Derrick Gordon showed up to watch the games during the March
David Rylance, 47, stole more than £50,000 from his dying mother Margaret. He blew the cash on gambling, a holiday and cinema tickets. Her concerns were put down to her having Alzheimer's disease. But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away. He admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months.
Sprawling house built on site of an old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London. It has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales. But the stamp duty alone, paid on top of the price of the home, is enough for the Treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses. House is 18 times the size of the average new home, with nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a cinema, a Japanese water garden and an indoor swimming pool.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop - about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center. Police said on Sunday that the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, is a primary suspect as the case becomes a homicide investigation. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway's death are still being investigated.
More than 500,000 people knock on the doors of Abbey Road studios every year only to be told that it is closed to the public. The studios hosted the world's first live global broadcast - from none other than The Beatles - as well as playing a role in the invention of stereo. With the aim of sharing some of this history, Google has stepped in to showcase as much of it as possible. The result is Inside Abbey Road, a new web app that takes users on an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of the studios.
Lib Dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May. She said they had put country above their party for five years 'at great personal cost' Miriam Clegg joined Lib Dem Home Office minister Lynne Featherstone in Hornsey and Wood Green in North London. Mr Clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the party.
Jourdan Dunn, 24, was severely bullied at school as a teenager. Suffered from incredibly low self-esteem and had to be home-schooled. Was scouted at the sunglasses counter of Primark in Hammersmith, at just 15. Has since become a household name and a celebrated regular on the runway.
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. The little girl is believed to be named Aliya. A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights, Illinois. She was crying and waving her hands. The girl could only provide her first name and was identified after investigators learned her mother was in the process of filing missing person reports.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week. On April, 6, 1965 Eddinngfield began working at the restaurant where she was trained by her mother who had already been employed at the establishment for 13 years. 'I was three years old when my mother started here, so I've been eating these burger 60 some years,' she said. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here'
13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week. The teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15am this morning, killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers. The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination will not face criminal charges because he is under 14, the age of criminal responsibility in Spain.
The National Park Service and the Secret Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence. The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence  as tall as 10 feet  is planned and fabricated. The White House might also get a prison-style double fence with space in between, but barbed wire has been ruled out.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil. rig in the Pacific Ocean bound for the Arctic. The environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the Polar Pioneer,. which is under contract to Shell. The six activists planned to camp on the 38,000-tonne Polar Pioneer platform, which they boarded using inflatable boats from the Greenpeace vessel 'Esperanza'
CPS confirmed that the Director of Public Prosecutions consulted Neil Moore. Mr Moore was a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked. Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. Common dolphins were once a rare sight in the Hebrides, preferring warmer waters found further south, leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north. The shift north could be creating new opportunities for the common dolphins to find food in new areas, but may mean the species is competing for fish with other types of dolphin or seabirds.
The note was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts who posted it to her social media account. In the note, which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London, the unnamed owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. 'This shop will be closed for 1 week. Re-open on Mon 16th March,' he writes.
The finding may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high concentrations of nicotine in them. Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the European Union in 2009 because of its toxicity. But a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine. Dirk Selmar and his colleagues at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, set out to uncover whether there are reasons for this beyond the use of illegal insecticides.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil illegitimate It says it will mount a legal challenge  but has ruled out another conflict. Daniel Filmus, Argentinas secretary of state for the islands, told an event in London that Britain's decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was gunboat diplomacy
Andreas Lubitz, 27, crashed the Airbus A320 passenger jet into the Alps. Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy. Lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself as well as information concerning the cockpit door locking mechanism. European safety chiefs had concerns about Germanwings' safety procedures.
Pamela Anderson has come in for criticism for her very public show of support for an Arizona sheriff notorious for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of Latinos. Joe Arpaio, who calls himself Americas Toughest Sheriff, and the former Baywatch star appeared together at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now.
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan. The rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year. The pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on emotional state.
Charli, an eight-year-old from Australia, makes an estimated $127,000 (AUD $162,472) per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular YouTube channel. CharlisCraftyKitchen features child friendly tutorials for making everything from Minnie Mouse pops out of Oreos to princess teacup cookies. The tutorials even have their own short opening credits featuring Charli and Ashlee's cartoon likenesses.
Australian TV presenter, model and mother of two, Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure. Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago.
Alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil, lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed. The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil  nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013. Washington's legal marijuana law in 2012 did not permit the production of hash or even edibles at home; it technically remains a felony even to use weed purchased at a state-licensed store to make brownies.
Xie Hong Feng was found dead after falling five floors down an empty elevator shaft in her apartment block in Ningbo City in China. Her neighbour and property manager Yang Shao told police the 45-year-old had been pushed by her toddler son. The drama started when Ms Xie, in her mid-forties, went to Yang with her child for help after she dropped her key down the gap between the lift and the fourth floor. There is no CCTV outside the elevator, and police say Yangs statement is the only evidence.
Lucy is the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found. Discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia. Now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may, in fact, belong to a baboon.
Modular Robotic Vehicle can be driven remotely at up to 70mph. Can also park sideways and spin on the spot. Developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center to show off technologies that could let man move across other planets. 'It's like driving on ice but having complete control'
19-year-old Hattie Gladwell was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis. Now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com. She reveals all about what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time, how to have sex with a bag and how learning to live with it has affected her mental health.
Velella velella are washing up on beaches in Oregon, California and Washington thanks to strong winds this time of year. They are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decompose. The small blue sail on their bodies allows them to stay in the sea during normal winds, but they are weak to the strong winds.
Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g. Cadbury is cutting the size of its beloved Freddo Frogs by 20 per cent but keeping the recommend retail price the same. The miniature chocolate amphibians, which weighed a plump 20g two years ago - before they dropped to 15g, will now weigh just 12g. Cadburys spokesman Julian Polachek said: Were making a change to the. size of the product because of manufacturing cost increases that we can no longer absorb
The GBAD system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle. The system will be able to spot and track drones, then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser. The 30kW system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class. This amusing clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room. Acting inconspicuously, Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos. As the virtual teacher begins telling him off, the real teacher leans out and pushes the screen back.
Janet Brown was found dead at the bottom of the stairs of her home in 1995. The mother-of-three was found naked, gagged with packing tape. Her arms were cuffed behind her back and she was beaten with a crowbar. The 51-year-old nurse's body was found in Radnage, near Chinnor, Buckinghamshire. Detectives are appealing for information about the 'heinous' crime. They say forensics experts now have the suspect's DNA from the crime.
Miley, 22, displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap. Fans took to social media to tell her to shave her armpits. But loyal fans sprung to her defence, saying 'there is nothing wrong with body hair' Miley isn't the first - and probably won't be the last - to shun her razor.
Relationship counsellor Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure. Suggests a renewable marriage contract known as a 'wedlease' would work better for many modern day couples and avoid increasing divorces. A Starter Marriage is a short-term contract for couples to 'try on' the institution to see if it fits without bringing children into the mix.
The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. The tanker was near an injection well where fracking wastewater is pumped into the ground. Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported. The area was linked to earthquakes near Greeley in May and June last year.
Sasha, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister Malia and their parents ditched the White House - and the press pool - for an impromptu trip to Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday. The family's brief hike happened to take place during the National Park Service's National Park Week. On Saturday and Sunday, the few parks nationwide that charge admission--such as Yosemite and Yellowstone--were open to the public free of charge.
New York City's Landmarks Law was signed on April 19, 1965, and upheld by the Supreme Court in 1978. The law was established after the 1963 demolition of Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden. The Landmarks Preservation Commission was given a mandate to preserve buildings and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance. A new exhibition, Saving Place, looks at the lead up to the preservation measures.
Paddy Power appeared to make light of recent police shootings on African-Americans. Tweet read: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male' It was accompanied by a smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers. Twitter users described the tweet as 'deplorable', 'unbelievable' and 'disgusting'
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. Sources close to Bieber told TMZ that he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. Citing people familiar with the matter, Bloomberg reports that attorneys investigating the proposal are concerned that such a merger would harm consumers. A spokesman for TWC questioned the reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy. Her boyfriend, 20-year-old Caleb Barnes, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is also charged with homicide. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered them to end it. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said. The eighth-grader sent her mother a text begging her to let them go.
Medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients at Worcestershire Royal Hospital last Friday. It came as the West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays in treatment. Worcester's Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal' Comes as weekly figures from NHS England showed it has missed the four-hour waiting time target for the 28th consecutive week.
Wolf Hall star says redhead stock is very high at the moment. Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran, Julianne Moore, me, Lily Cole are redheads. Sophie Turner, who plays Sansa Stark in Game of Thrones, is a natural blonde. Domhnall Gleeson has swapped his ginger beard for a tousled mop of strawberry locks.
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home  in the middle of the night  after being poisoned by gas. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. But damning new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home.
Swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14. They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. Subsequently, 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in formative years.
Nasa has captured how this stunning show appears from space using its Landsat 7 satellite. It shows 'ribbons' of sand and patterned stripes known as linear dunes in the Erg Chech, a desolate sand sea in southwestern Algeria. Linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) They are also known to merge and form so-called 'Y-shaped compound dunes' These patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand. But exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed.
Mexican soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people. The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was being built next to the Tijuana checkpoint. Soldiers who entered the passageway had to descend a 10 feet ladder to access the muddy path. Officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched 500 feet.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre urged members to stand up against looming gun-control efforts. 'There's no telling how far President Obama will go to dismantle our freedoms and reshape America into an America that you and I will not even recognize,' he said. Chris Cox, the head of the NRA's lobbying arm, said Hillary Clinton would make Obama 'look like an amateur' on gun control.
Ann Malsbury, 22, battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners. The chefs ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in Coventry to collect his belongings after the pair broke up following an 18-month relationship. But when Mr Judson bent down to pick up something, she jumped on his back and wrapped a white iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him. After he struggled free she armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade. She was charged with attempting to inflict grievous bodily harm with intent to
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. But sadly his elaborate set-up did not quite go to plan after Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on. Luckily there was a happy ending to the disastrous proposal as, after wiping away her tears, Alex said yes.
Liu Siying, 23, was a 'podium girl' at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. She was pictured grimacing as Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne in her face. The 23-year-old said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and thats what I did' Sexism campaigners called Hamilton's behaviour'selfish' and 'inconsiderate' But Miss Siying said she wasn't offended by the incident and wasn't annoyed.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from. His mother reassures him that she only cooked using the octopuses 'little legs chopped' She adds that the creature had to be dissected so it could be eaten.
The suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years has unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth. Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths.
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars. According to Houston regulations someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive cabs. Burton was taken into custody on Wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years. Uber spokeswoman said Burton had passed all the firms background checks before they allowed him to work under their name.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer. Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking and associating being a man with drinking booze. 'It sets up a culture that drinking isnt about socialising with friends, its about how quickly and how much you can drink,' said cultural studies professor Julie Robert.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out at the Yarrow Valley Country Park in Chorley, Lancashire when she was pounced on by the pet. The toddler had been playing in a tunnel when the Jack Russell attacked her and left her with two puncture marks on her face. Her father, Alex Knight, heard his daughter screaming and kicked the dog away from her before the owner called the dog back and fled the scene.
Evelin Mezei, 12, went missing in Stratford, London, last night. She was last seen with an unknown man on Romford Road, at 10.30pm. But the youngster was traced this morning and found safe and well. Police had released a CCTV image and appealed for information about the man.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday when he was seen sleeping in Daytona Beach, Florida. The arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, and shot dead the print shop director, Ron Lane. Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, is believed to have recently fired him. Police said on Tuesday that they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime, although they refused to say what hate crime was being investigated. According to Lane's Facebook page, he had
Sarah Brady, wife of former White House spokesman Jim Brady, died Friday at the age of 73. Mrs Brady and her husband campaigned against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former US president Ronald Reagan in 1981. The Brady Campaign and Center to Prevent Gun Violence, named in their honor, said they were 'heartbroken' at the news of her death.
Ed Miliband was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week's debate. Now it has emerged he was reading from motivational notes during leaders' clash. Labour leader urges himself to stay calm, never agitated and relish the chance to show who I am
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. Despite being embroiled in the very public and traumatic feud where the Vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in Italy in 2012, the girls have established healthy and happy lives in Italy. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire, who she described as elegant, gracious, reserved and studious. 'They are really well, really centred and settled,' she said.
Group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the Mediterranean Sea. Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. The reserve deputy is classified as an 'advanced reserve' by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office. But sources within the department claim that he was not properly trained to be an armed deputy, despite Sheriff Stanley Glanz saying otherwise. They claim that at least three of Bates' supervisors were removed from their posts when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours. The Tulsa World claims to have seen a whole list of the courses that Bates got credit for, but the names of his supervisors have
'I'm chilling in Istanbul,' Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud wrote a high school friend on Facebook. But federal prosecutors say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the United States. In Syria he sent videos of himself to an unnamed person, the indictment said. In one video, he pointed to a gun in a holster. on his hip,and in another he stood in front of a white house. with a black flag on it.
Shane Dunn, 25, met victim Ian Garrod, 55, on gay dating app Grindr. He went back to Mr Garrod's home in Medway for sex in September last year. But when the 55-year-old sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat. He was high on Mephedrone and pretended to call an ambulance for his victim. But instead he left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound in his neck. Luckily, MrGarrod's housemate returned the property and called an ambulance. Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found a scathing note criticising her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook. Dear Jade, I have got together with a few of the girls and we are all SO OVER your running commentary on your life and every single thing Addy does, the letter begins. Jade and her friends responded by creating the hashtag #Addyspam and cheekily posting a stream of photos of the beautiful bub.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth. Sales are expected to hit two million this year and the UKs first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. The inaugural top spots in the album rankings and the two top places in the singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher, 47.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship. She gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. The teen ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition. She stopped breastfeeding after two months because she was so undernourished and switched to baby formula. It was during this period that the three- year-old died - the cause of the death is under investigation.
The first print ad, which shows images of various female American Apparel employees, has the words 'Hello Ladies' emblazoned across the page and appeared in the latest issue of Vice. According to the ad, women make up 55per cent of our global workforce (sorry, guys) and an even higher percentage of our leadership and executive roles. The brand also shared images from the campaign on its Instagram account for International Women's Day.
Kamron Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, at about 3am Wednesday. He was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. It was feared Taylor planned to hunt down the family of his victim. On Tuesday he attacked a guard and fled in disguise. It came just days after he shouted at the victim's family in court: 'I'm going to get you mother*******' A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest.
Robert Clark, 96, spent his £50,000 life savings on home care for two years. Brent Council said it could no longer afford to pay for a live-in carer. Mr Clark is blind, deaf in one ear and dependent on a wheelchair. He is one of Britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war and survived Hitler's 1,000-mile death march in 1945.
Max Verschuuren, 21, was shot in the back with a.270 rifle. His friend mistook him for a deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island. Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left. He tumbled down the hill he was perched on, falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets. The keen hunter, from Whakatane, has received stitches and was expecting to be discharged from hospital later on Monday.
An investigation of remarks by Major General James Post III, who was the vice commander of Air Combat Command, found that his words to some 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10 may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of them. Post issued an apology on Friday and said he did not intend to try to prevent people from talking to lawmakers. The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the A-10,  low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
The Brisbane gamer known only as Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world. She now has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch. Bonnie's Twitch channel has had almost one million views so far. The 28-year-old used to work in hospitality, but once she started live streaming Call Of Duty there was no looking back.
Avoca Beach in the Central Coast, about 95kms north of Sydney, resembled something from a horror film on Tuesday. The entire beach, right up tot he top of the walkways, was covered in a grotesque yellow foam. Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres. She titled her videos 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about to be swept to sea' It comes as a second intense low pressure system, centred off the coast of the Hunter region, is predicted to bring heavier rains
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during much of her captivity. Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole  seven years earlier than under the normal rules. California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at least 25 years. But the parole board at Corcor
The veteran host was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday when he made the off-colour gag. He had just opened up questions to the floor, and fielded the first query of the night from a college employee. They asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year's graduates. Letterman, who was in 2009 forced to admit to string of affairs, said: 'Treat a lady like a whe, and a wh-e like a lady'
The average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours. Lord Tony Hall, BBC director general, highlighted the decline to the BBC Trust, according to minutes of its February meeting.
The minute-long clip shows the S300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth. A small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base. Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover and a huge explosion is heard.
Alan Barnes, 67, was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead. He was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year. The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000. Mr Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was today handed the keys to his new two-bedroom terrace house. The Victorian terrace boasts two bedrooms, a spacious living room, modern kitchen and large bathroom.
Staff canteen at Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, has opened its doors to the public for the first time. The 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as £2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food. Executive chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at various Michelin-starred restaurants.
Roman Ehrhardt brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich - while sitting in the front row of his class. The senior communications major was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. The snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted, with many people calling Roman a 'hero'
Chase Culpepper, 17, who was born male but identifies as female, regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing. After passing a driving test last year, she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson, about 100 miles northwest of Columbia, to remove her makeup because of a policy that bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance. After several attempts, the makeup was removed to the satisfaction of DMV employees, and a license photo was ultimately taken, a process the teen called degrading and humiliating. She eventually sued the agency, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sent a letter saying he regretted that he 'added to the grief' of Debbie Lee. Her son Marc was killed in Ramadi on August 2, 2006. The 28-year-old was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city. Dempsey had spoken dismissively of the city last week when asked how damaging to U.S. and Iraq's military efforts it would be were the city to fall into the hands of ISIS. In response Lee, from Surprise, Arizona, posted an angry open letter on the website for America
Boris Johnson and David Cameron slam SNP plans to prop up Labour. Former First Minister Alex Salmond boasted he would write Labour's first budget. He said the SNP would hold the balance of power at Westminster after May 7. Mr Johnson said it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1'
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m. A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy. Anything Prince George has been seen wearing has gone on to sell out. The term 'The Prince George effect' was coined just three days after his birth.
Mikki Nicholson stepped in front of a train after suffering verbal abuse. The 36-year-old had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting. But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. Ms Nicholson was born male but identified as a woman.
Kristina Karo says she and Mila Kunis were 'inseparable' in first grade. Claims the actress was jealous of her pet chicken 'Doggie' and stole it. Claims Kunis confessed to the crime and told her 'Kristina, you can have any other chicken as a pet, you have a whole chicken farm' Karo is now suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills.
Jaclyn Methuen and Ryan Ranellone agreed to move to Astoria, Queens, on last night's episode of Married at First Sight. The newlyweds enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment. The 30-year-old revealed that she is finally ready to physically consummate their marriage, as her feelings for her husband continue to grow.
Doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates. Australian dietician and nutritionist Susie Burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain. She says there is a distinct difference in the nutritional value of white and grain bread, there's also a disparity in the glycaemic index (GI)
Handyman, 25, and his girlfriend, in her 30s, complained about six times. Brooklyn block named in league table of complaints about loud sex. Woman, who is now four months pregnant, said: 'I'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone' Neighbour Siddharth Shah, 29, said they make love three or four times a week.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb just a month earlier. Buddy loaded the footage of the precious moment on his YouTube channel under the title: The Force Awakens... then falls back asleep.
A New York man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street  completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling. Patrick Jones of Buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign, which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around New York City. And while the women he spoke to all called the practice 'disgusting,' saying it makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable,' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public
PM and William Hague will launch English manifesto tomorrow. Will pledge to introduce system of 'English votes for English laws' Will be seen as an attempt by Tories to tap into growing English nationalism. But opponents are likely to criticise it as risking division between UKs four nations.
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook. The Dee Why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless during what's been hailed as the storm of a century. Whitehead is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Mered Medhanie, 34, heard laughing on police wiretap about overloading migrant ships. Said to have boasted: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry' Ermias Ghermay, also known as The General, also showed callous disregard for the plight of his 'customers' He was heard declaring last summer: 'I don't know what happened  they probably died'
Joseph Oberhansley, from Jeffersonville, Indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton last September. On Tuesday, Clark County Prosecutor Jeremy Mull asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4. Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case.
Dozens of people came down with vomiting, diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug. Rother District Council said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the so-called 'winter vomiting bug' The source of the illness has not been identified, but many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea.
An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals translator Xiaoming Gao shared information with an alleged Chinese spy. In the affidavit, Timothy S. Pappa, an FBI agent, claims that Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a government employee' That information was provided to individuals she thought to be Chinese intelligence officers. Despite these claims however, she was never prosecuted by the government. Gao, who currently works for a consulting firm, has not commented on the affidavit.
Alice Liveing, from Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, began her healthy journey just over a year ago. She started sharing pictures of her meals on Instagram, which allowed her to take stock of what she was putting into her body. Alice trains in the gym up to six times a week and follows the LDN Muscle Bikini Guide.
Elijah McKenna suffered two wide, bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body after his neighbor's three dogs attacked him Saturday. But the child's family say if it were not for Elijah's fearless 9-year-old sister, Alyssa, the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead. The hearing-impaired boy, who turned 11 Tuesday, is now learning to walk again.
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013. The incident has only now come to light after a former student told the victim's mother. The woman confronted her son who admitted to the relationship.
Abigail Ahern is a celebrated interior designer and author. Her new book, Colour, is a guide to how to decorate with colour. She shares her top ten tips on how to get the most out of your home. Includes tips on using colour in unexpected places and how to add texture.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. But now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall. While in the UK the situation is worse with the app ranking at 92. It is not known why the app has dropped so significantly but the price may be considered too high for some users.
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin have split amicably. Tracey Cox says the couple's amicable split is something we can learn from. She says there are lessons to be learnt on how to split with an ex. But there are some aspects you should steer clear of.
The Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have written a book, being published on April 27. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda and Gina, revealed how they found the strength to survive imprisonment. Amanda Berry, 29, revealed in her first-person memoir about her abduction and imprisonment by Ariel Castro, that she was left confused by conflicted feelings towards him. Gina DeJesus, 25, also shared the details of her horrifying ordeal in a new memoir with Amanda Berry.
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing on a night out in Glasgow in April. Her body was found on a farm north of Glasgow after a four-day hunt. Judge Nigel Cadbury implied she had been drinking heavily on night of death. He said: 'It's very, very worrying how young girls put themselves in such very vulnerable positions' Comments prompted anger from domestic abuse and rape charities. Campaigners branded his comments 'insensitive' and 'unhelpful'
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, died in Baltimore last month. She had bipolar disorder and psychosis, which went undiagnosed until her early 20s. Now Fuller has written about how her daughter's illness drove her to suicide. Said she was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and that her death doesn't change that.
Prime Minister made the comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to the next item. Mr Cameron, who was off camera, could then be heard saying: 'Is that Alex Salmond?' Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads.
Early tests on cancer cells have shown survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent. Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans. British experts said it is the most promising sign yet that personal treatments may be effective in treating a wide range of cancers.
Department store Myer is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd. The sale will run in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane and Perth. The department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as European and American retailers. The move is said to be the influence of new chief Richard Umbers, in an attempt to revive the iconic department store's Australian market.
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as 'his hood' 'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that' Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere' 'I didn't want to allow him to take control over a courtroom when I felt he had maybe taken control over an area of town'
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities. Turkey hunting season begins in April and ends at the end of May, and is allowed in designated areas around the St. Cloud Regional Airport, in Minnesota.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of Skegness Academy when she visited GP. But she was stunned upon her return to class to be told she must make up missed time for 'unauthorised absence' Her mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish Courtney. School claimed detention was to give her best chance of doing well in exams.
Police and bomb squad called to Prime Minister's official residence in Tokyo. Four-propeller, 50-centimeter wide drone was found on roof of principle office. It was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material. It is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy.
Samantha Cameron visited Growing Zone allotment project in Kippax, West Yorkshire. She was introduced to activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme. Mrs Cameron has made several solo appearances during the election campaign. She is supporting Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke in Elmet and Rothwell.
The Anthem of the Seas is the world's third largest cruise liner and can carry almost 5,000 passengers. The ship, which was officially named earlier this week, is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. It will be based at Southampton Docks this summer and will sail around Europe and the Mediterranean. After the summer, the Anthem ofThe Seas will move to New York Harbour and will serve Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England.
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul. Culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city. In return, the agreement the Republic of Korea is shown as 'high tech' and'modern' The use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised.
Lian Doyle, 24, helped cover up murder of Pennie Davis, 47, last year. Justin Robertson, 36, was paid £1,500 to kill the mother of five in New Forest. He was paid by the son of the victim's ex-lover, Benjamin Carr. Robertson was jailed for life yesterday after being convicted of murder. Mrs Davis was found dead in a paddock near Beaulieu, Hampshire in September last year by her husband Peter, whom she had married just months earlier. Doyle pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice after she admitted disposing of her boyfriend's shoes, thinking
Police in Shanghai seized three million fake condoms worth £1.3 million. The knock-off condoms were sold in eight provinces across China. Tests found they contained toxic metals such as mercury, lead and arsenic. The lubricating oil used on the condoms was so disgusting that it made officers feel sick.
Mel Greig posted a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment, and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of. She also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her IVF program. The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November. But the couple's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. And they were a third less likely than when not chewing gum. Results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. The study was carried out by scientists at the University of Reading.
Delta Air Lines Flight 2522 landed at LaGuardia Airport in New York. Crew noticed a'smoky odor in the cockpit' while taxiing to the gate. Firefighters used a thermal imaging camera to locate a potential heat source. Plane was taken out of service for inspection and any necessary maintenance.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker while spending only US$100 a week. The 26-year-old British backpacker has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30. 'I've herded goats in the Middle East, run beer-pong tables in Laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in Cambodia,' he said.
Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole was stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. Pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world, with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death. Photographer James Oatway said it was vital for people to see the brutality of the anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country. He said: 'People who are angry with me for taking the pictures... should try and direct their anger at the men that are responsible for the attack and not at me'
Duchess of Cambridge said her baby is due'mid to late April' Last month, she said: 'Not long to go now' April 25 is widely thought to be the Duchess' due date. But royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed. The 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers Ladbrokes.
Ben Affleck today admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show. The admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from Finding Your Roots. PBS is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network's editorial standards.
Cruise ship passengers on today relived their two day ordeal at sea after being trapped on Carnival Spirit as Sydney was battered by the storm of the century. Huge waves as high as 40 feet smashed glass panels, shattered plates and cups  and left many on-board violently seasick as the boat pitched from side to side. A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded this morning and the ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, docked at the Overseas Passenger Terminal at around 10am. 'Inside everyone was sick, it was really quite rocky,' one passenger said.
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen. The investiture ceremony was held at Windsor Castle on Wednesday. The citation recognises the 93-year-old Duke's long service to the British monarchy and the Commonwealth. It adds: 'He has served Australia with distinction and is patron of over 800 organisations' Prince Philip joined the Royal Navy in 1939, and served until 1953.
In total, six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger were taken from Kenny Hetrick's Stony Ridge farm in January. It was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe' Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man in eastern Ohio released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself. Hetricks is now fighting to overturn the seizure, backed by neighbors who insist his menagerie doesn't pose a threat.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, of Ventnor, New Jersey, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband. Her husband, Daniel, was missing for six years before his chopped up remains were found at his wife's home in May 2013. She had told family and friends that he had left her for another woman shortly before the couple was due to move to Florida in August 2007. Judge Michael Donlo said, 'This court has not seen anything so brutal and heinous as this since Al Capone ordered the St. Valentine's Day massacre'
Karen Reidy, 40, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris in 2012. The pair kept in daily contact and Karen flew out to see Sakir every couple of months. The long-distance romance also had a dramatic effect on her figure. She slimmed from a dress size 22 to a size 12, in a bid to impress her new love. Eighteen months after meeting Sakir proposed with a ring, engraved with his name. But when she arrived home, she got a message from a stranger claiming she had been seeing Sakir for several months.
Clare Montgomery QC and child abuse expert Eleanor Laws QC offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute. Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry. But DPP Alison Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put Lord Janner in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimers.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400. Afterwards, Holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job. 'I just had a gun to me. I'm not paying the money,' she said.
The bowl cut is spreading like wildfire among hipsters. One chain of barber shops has reported a 200 per cent surge in requests. Men are queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip. The Nineties chop was made famous by Jim Carreys Lloyd Christmas in Dumb and Dumber.
Jaimie Hessel says her driver cut across lanes and drove down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey from her apartment in East Williamsburg to Midtown East. She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip. Uber says the eye-popping figure was a clerical error and that the customer was never actually charged the outrageous sum.
The 18-year-old model is just 18 months younger than her sister Gigi Hadid, 19. She is featured in the May issue of Elle magazine, which is out now. She models a series of risque and revealing ensembles, including a $895 Fleur du Mal lace bodysuit and Giuseppe Zanotti boots.
Pauline Bruce's neighbour Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised her for seven years. She made silent calls, taunted her dying husband and attacked her son. Pauline reveals on Channel 5's The Nightmare Neighbour Next Door how she was turned on by her neighbour after she struck up a friendship with another woman.
Aden Gould, 21, opened speakers at Sainsbury's branch in Stoke-on-Trent. He put them back on display but was immediately apprehended by security. Staff took him into the manager's office and forced him to empty his bag. But he was cleared of shoplifting and later received a pair of letters. He was banned from all 1,200 stores across the country, and had to pay £150 in compensation. But after Mrs Gould complained, the company has now agreed to revoke the ban.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy. Her sons Andrew Rule, 54, and Michael Rule, 51, are accused of defrauding and bullying her into giving them more than $125,000. The pair already receive a monthly allowance of $25,000 combined with their two sisters through their mother's corporation. Prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from Ann Rule, and the two sons are set to appear in court on April 30.
Michelle Newman said all she heard was a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas. The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries. On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited her son's grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah Krainich.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. 'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary. Hellyer first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005, becoming the first high ranking politician to do so.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California. The red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the fire breathing dragon slain by St George. The image went viral on Reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network.
Shannon Carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attack on stranger. She repeatedly struck Amelia Gledhill, 20, with her stiletto heel. The attack took place in a nightclub toilet during a night out in Bradford. Ms Gledhill is said to have been left traumatised by the incident. She is still having problems with her eyesight and is afraid to leave the house.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. He carried out attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages relating to his online business. Retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to Mr Carters address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage. Townsend - of previous good character - was arrested and charged with criminal damage.
Princess Beatrice is in Florence for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference. She posed with US designer Tory Burch and met Karl Lagerfeld and Suzy Menkes. Last night, she enjoyed a lavish party at the Palazzo Corsini with Ralph Lauren's son David.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast. In 2006, Mr Butler, who is on permanent disability, told local news channels that his bed was broken and he was not receiving proper care.
Heartbroken girlfriend dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed. English-language responses were in favour of the woman's methods.
On Monday the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old Sapphyre Johnson who is missing both of her feet. The dog's original owner Karen Riddle said that Lt. Dan, who was born with eight other puppies in a litter - and could have been euthanized. Fellow breeders suggested to Riddle that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live. When the hound grew a little, Riddle was determined to find a home for him with someone with special needs.
Alondra Luna Nunez was taken from her family in Guanajuato, Mexico, by federal police officers working for Interpol on the orders of a Texas judge. She was taken to Houston, Texas, with Dorotea Garcia, a Houston woman who claimed she was Alondra's long-lost daughter. Garcia claimed her daughter had been illegally taken from Texas by her father in 2007 at age four. A judge ignored her family's pleas - and the evidence - that she belonged to them and not Garcia from Texas. A DNA test proved that she was not Garcia's daughter.
The flub by a graphics person, made on the East Coast feed of the morning show, was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world. Michaels, a native of Toronto, made the cut for the second time since 2008.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, inherited her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff. Aged eight, Gayla already weighed a whopping 13st and continued to pile on even more weight in her teens. Gayla's curves attracted boys when she was a teenager, and she married at the age of 19. However, her husband was embarassed by her size and they divorced in 1999. At rock-bottom Gayla discovered an online community of obese women calling themselves SSBBWs - meaning'super-sized big beautiful women' She soon found herself overwhelmed with lusty fans.
LAX is America's second busiest airport in terms of passengers handled each year, beaten only by Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta international airport. Travellers complain about the layout, lack of restaurants, activities and services for the layover traveller, and the general uncleanliness of the airport in Los Angeles. Hurghada International Airport, Egypt is a favourite hotspot with European travellers, especially those looking for some winter sun.
Geoff Barrow says he received just £1,700 in royalties despite 34million plays. He says he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more. Artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies. Jay Z launched his own service, Tidal, last month, to give artists a better deal.
A third of adults still keep their most important papers in a shoebox. Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos. Only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online. Just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer, the poll found.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting in March 2011. Thusha Kamaleswaran, then five, was hit in the chest and paralysed. Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home. He and accomplice Gino Sawyers threatened women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones, a laptop and cash.
Neanderthals died out around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age. Archaeologists at Boston University and the University of Bath believe they were unable to get as much energy from their food as modern humans who used fire. They used computer model the amount of energy Neanderthals would have been able to get from food without cooking it compared to humans that were. They found that without fire, a group of NeanderthALS would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is recruiting'misfits' around the world. He said they can carry out 'chaotic' terror attacks with little planning. Mr Rowley issued the warning at the Counter-Terror Expo in London. More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning. But 50 per cent did not have terror links before flying to Syria.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, got into difficulty. He was swimming with four friends in Hampstead Heath, north London, at 5.30pm. Eyewitness said seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend. It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water. His body was discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge just before 11pm.
Daryl Scott Donohue, 43, tried to hire someone to kill his wife, Angie. The Tasmanian was forced into hiding after he stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire various people to kill her for money. She said his controlling behaviour seeped into every aspect of her life; she couldnt shop, eat or go out without his consent. After the birth of their son, she was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change. He then stooped to a new low, striking his most vulnerable son.
Smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates. Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up. They include leaving conversations about the dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook.
Lucy Southern worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by Britannia Hotels. Claims she was quizzed about her sex life by her line manager Alex Nkoroi. Also claims he stood behind her to 'grind' up and down her back, simulating sex. She complained in August 2013 but nothing was done and in October he began touching her, slapping her bottom and kissing her on the neck. She told hotel manager she didn't want to say anything in case he gave her less shifts.
John Sutton Jr was just 8 years old when his father brought him to his first Kentucky Derby. The two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion, which ended up winning the race. Every year since then, Sutton has attended the Kentucky Derby and has collected each year's program since then. He also has kept a collection of his tickets, Derby glasses from the more than seven decades he has attended.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery. Study revealed that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria. Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the theatre.
Hamayun Tariq, 37, is a divorced father-of-two from Dudley in the West Midlands. He served a sentence for fraud in the UK before joining ISIS in Syria last year. He soon began posting detailed explosive-making instructions and encouraging 'lone wolves' to carry out deadly bomb attacks. Now he has shared images of his new high-tech bomb-making factory in Syria. Components are seen organised on shelves and bomb- making equipment neatly laid out on work surfaces.
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move. Melamed walked the race with Vamos, a volunteer team from Caracas, as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am Tuesday morning. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24.
David Cameron will today promise extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs. The Prime Minister will say the expense of nurseries and childminders has become a major barrier to employment. The Conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions for people earning more than £150,000 to fund additional free childcare places.
iD will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe. The firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets. iD will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer networks and plans. The full range of plans and offers will be announced as they become available, but an example plan offers the Samsung A3 on a 12 month 4G plan with 300 mins, 5000 texts and 1 GB data for £19.50.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was liked over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. Several Facebook users have left comments roasting the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake. General manager Ross Worth said he had taken immediate action to make sure an instance like this will never happen again.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students. In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. The proportion of women facing charges seems to be higher than in years past, when female teachers often got a pass.
The Norwegian Government said it will turn off its FM transmitters on January 11 2017. The UK had planned to switch off its own FM service by 2018 but the plans were later shelved following objections from commercial radio stations. It is now not expected to happen until sometime after 2020 when digital listeners are expected to outstrip those using analogue stations.
The California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The company already offers battery packs for its SolarCity project, but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design. There are a number of home battery packs on the market. Most work by powering up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper. They can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency, or hold power from renewable energy sources.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game on Tuesday night. When he finished, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt ran across the court to congratulate him. Footage - secured by a spectator and shared on Vine - shows Nicholas looking confused at first when he's caught off-guard.
173 lots of designer brands are set to go up for auction on April 28. Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Gucci, Mulberry, Ferragamo and Manolo Blahnik will all go under the hammer. Items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner. Her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity.
The former Hewlett-Packard CEO is expected to announce her presidential bid on May 4, according to The Wall Street Journal. But a Fiorina spokeswoman told Daily Mail Online that it's just a rumor at this point. 'I am not confirming the WSJ story,' Flores said. Fiorina would be the fourth Republican in the presidential race, following Senators Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida. She is also making the rounds in the same presdiential primary states where other likely presidential hopefuls have turned up.
Use lemon juice to add a sun-kissed glow to your hair. Soothe sunburns with ice cubes made of aloe vera or black or green tea. Pop your water-clogged ears by inflating a balloon after getting out of the pool. Swap your towel for a weighted, waterproof blanket.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments. Several have admitted they may impose 'eligibility' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight. Procedures affected include varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery. Others said smokers might be denied some treatments, most commonly IVF.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through despite calls from the most famous Armenian-American, Kim Kardashian. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. She last week traveled to the country for the first time with her husband Kanye West, sister Khloe and cousins Kara and Kourtni Kardashian.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September. Admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure. Has enlisted the help of celebrity hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn. Hepburn famously helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. Tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas. Temperatures are expected to hover in the high teens, and could climb to 21C in brighter spots of the north west of England. But the weather will start to go downhill on Friday, marking the start of what could be weeks of unsettled weather.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February in Redding, California. He appeared in court on Friday and pleaded not guilty to the charges. Before the crash on Saturday, Stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself. He killed himself by crashing into a pasture in in Millville, California, about 20miles from Redding.
London-based keyboard app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data, covering 800 emoji across 60 categories. Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions, making up 45 per cent of all the messages studied. Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Hand gestures such as thumbs up, clapping hands and the peace were in fourth, followed by romantic emoji, such as the lipstick kiss mark, love letter and couple kissing.
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet. Prosecutor Maria Schneider said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone. Prosecutors on Tuesday claimed Avery had contacted a victim she allegedly helped to hold down during a 2013 sexual assault. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng,' from Shenyang, North China, came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago. On average, he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him. He handpicked 6,402 selfies from his collection for the Shanghai Big World Jinisi Record
Abi Gordon-Cody, 26, from Droitwich, Worcestershire, works as a special effects make-up artist. Her Instagram posts of severed fingers, rotting flesh and impaled limbs may seem like the work of an extremely violent (or extremely clumsy) person. Abi often stars in her own pictures, taking selfies of a bloody pencil seemingly impaled through her nostril.
Ukip leader spoke to ITV's Julie Etchingham on the seafront at Deal, Kent. He described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details. As a boy he enjoyed more 'freedom' than children today. He reflected on his own mortality when he was diagnosed with testicular cancer in his early twenties.
Alice Barker had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club, and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows. But she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance. She didn't even have any photographs or memorabilia to remember her years on stage. David Shuff, who met Barker years ago at her retirement home, and archivist Mark Cantor helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her videos.
Cengiz Guven has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler. He is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day. The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has been taking care of things at Lone pine for the past four years.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died after taking eight pills. She 'burned up from within' after taking the 'diet pills' online. The chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP) is used in pesticides and explosives. It is illegal to sell for human consumption, but sellers get around this by claiming to sell it as a pesticide.
250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. Separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry. Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn.
Rajpal Singh, 34, went to a hospital complaining of a stomach ache. He had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails and a handful of nuts, bolts and batteries. He also gulped down screws, nails and magnets over a three year period. Doctors carried out an endoscopy - a long thin tube with a camera attached. It revealed the mass of metal deep in Mr Singh's stomach. He has since had more than 240 procedures to remove the objects. But he will still need another operation to remove more of the metal.
Lib Dem leader says Nigel Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal his true nature. Warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership' Accuses Mr Farage of 'running a truly incompetent campaign' Admits his 'rubbishness' in the kitchen after it emerged his wife and sons had been secretly running a food blog.
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations. She said the rituals are part of her'religion, culture and heritage' The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013. But Mrs James said she would be willing to take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. Three people died in the severe weather, four houses were washed away and the town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years. The SES says it has had about 8000 requests for help and conducted 90 flood rescues since Monday.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault. She ran over her husband Daniel in a Mesa, Arizona, parking lot in 2012. She was six months pregnant at the time of the incident. She originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. She now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010. She had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean Mr Boardwine had no parental rights. After the boy was born, the pair disagreed on the level of involvement Mr Board wine would have in his son's life, with Ms Bruce intent on raising him alone. Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Tuesday that as the child's biological father, Mr boardwine is more than a sperm donor.
Obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get Americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home. 'Climate change can no longer be denied. It cant be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. The day trip to South Florida, on which Obama was accompanied by Bill Nye 'the Science Guy,' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power Air Force One, however, 9,000 gallons, round trip.
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt. After sharing their story with a Perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family. A call-out on their local radio station put the Chalwells in touch with Shannon Mann, who they asked to be their donor. Ms Mann, 22, already has a two-year-old son, Lucas, who she conceived while on contraception.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs (2.7kg) It was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size. Normally, healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound.
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane began tumbling through the air on Friday. The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican. An investigation determined that the co-pilot, Bojan Zoric, had spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing. turbulence'
£2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into 'perfection' Can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes. You can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and fill in bald patches. Can whiten teeth, remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely. FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff tested it out.
The Australian Securities and Investments Commission took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go. Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print. Under the ASIC Act, retailers that fail to adequately disclose surcharges may be considered'misleading or deceptive'
The Trussell Trust claimed that 1 million people are being fed from food banks. The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking' But Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith questioned the numbers. He said that the best way to help families was to get people into work.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition. The snake had to be captured and euthanized in order to ensure proper identification.
Omar Hallak, principal of Islamic school Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running. Former teachers of the school have sent a letter to the state and federal education ministers claiming Mr Hallak was discriminating against female students. The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
The NFL expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. Former Philadelphia Eagles fullback Kevin Turner suffers from Lou Gehrig's disease and led the lawsuit against the NFL. About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
Lucas Hinch, who runs an organic herb and tea shop, was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on Monday evening. Finch took the 9mm pistol he'd recently purchased on Craigslist out behind Organica Herb & Tea Co., which he operates with his girlfriend, and 'fired 8 shots into the computer,' according to city police, 'effectively disabling it'
The flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews  at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings drab uniforms. Now, seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic, along with a VHS cassette tape signed by actor Dan Truitt, are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off on April 30.
Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, report warns. Vile trade also includes sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. 'Customers' from outside EU requesting women with EU passports. They then claim they have a human right to a family life in UK. Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with police and officials.
Arsenal are the most popular Premier League club according to Twitter followers. Manchester United and Chelsea are the second and third most popular respectively. Liverpool dominate the UK but are less popular in other countries. Arsenal and Chelsea split Europe, with Arsenal most popular in northern countries and Chelsea in the south. Click here for more Premier League news.
A five-year-old Iranian girl has spent more than a year in Australia's offshore Nauru detention centre. She has been prescribed anti-depressants, has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder, her lawyer says. She is now living in fear of being returned to the troubled island for years while her family's asylum claim is processed. The girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran.
24-year-old, named locally as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, shot himself in the leg. He was arrested by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in Paris. Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home. Also found evidence on his computer that he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who clearly asked him to target a church' Sunday's arrest came just hours after the murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33. She was shot dead in her car in a car park in the Paris suburb of Villejuif. Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered' It follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. Some experts have warned it is too soon to declare the conservation project a success, and that more information is needed to make such a decision.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' And humans have been eating it for thousands of years. The transgenic process - a gene that has been transferred naturally - is similar to the artificial process induced by humans. But the difference is that we can control the man-made process, while the natural process is out of our hands.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other states. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable' State-controlled Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, from Morecambe, crashed her car last May. In the days after the accident she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably. Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder. It is an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain. Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter to get around.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a womans body in the boot of the car he was driving. The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday. But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police. 'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the man.
Ricky Woolaston, 35, dressed in uniform to break into students' homes. He posed as a maintenance engineer and stole laptops and mobile phones. But he was caught when he left behind a police charge sheet from a previous offence. He was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five burglaries.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical attention after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May. He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years. Minneapolis VA Medical Center neurologist Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara and researcher Roger Dumas have looked for a way to end the earworm, though they have yet to find a cure.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year. Today, the 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court. Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial would take place on August 10. He was released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
Charlotte Blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire. The 17-year-old had suffered an epileptic fit and was found dead in bath. Friends and family have paid tribute to the A-level student on social media. She was studying film, performance, English and sociology at Shrewsbury Sixth Form College. Her devastated mother Elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition. She will then move to live with her fiancee in Plymouth, Devon, later this year. Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading books about it as a child. She said she feels the nation is more accepting of 'people like her'
Don the border collie took control of a tractor while owner was tending to a lamb. The tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the M74 in South Lanarkshire. Don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks. Traffic Scotland tweeted that there may be hold-ups due to a dog taking control of tractor
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda, causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars. After the crash, he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away. Officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol, but he refused to perform a breath test and so officers got a search warrant to take a blood sample. On Wednesday, he made his initial appearance in Justice Court. He has been in the area, where he has family, for a couple of weeks, authorities said
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe and on this occasion they were lucky it didn't end in tragedy. The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday in one of the biggest maritime disasters since the end of World War Two.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend's mother. Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44, was invited round to play computer games with her son. Couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005. They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap. But they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together.
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic. He was hauled before the General Medical Council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent. His behaviour was branded inappropriate but he was not struck off and went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics. However, the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-n naked man on his iPod Touch during a night out.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. As they come closer, the magnetic field lines around the two become erratic, while the jets firing out from the poles of each object merge into one. Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time caused by such an event - are also predicted to be created by the merger, while electromagnetic energy is blasted into space.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. Richards apparently snubbed Dr Phil's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer. Three of Richards' children, Brooke, 29, Chad, 22 and Kimberly, 20, were there
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating. It smoulders no matter what happens to them and will start burning again once they come into contact with oxygen. The matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations.
The former secretary of state flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip. 'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal. 'Did you make mistakes?' The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing. Four Americans lost their lives in the September 11, 2012 terror attacks, including the US ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens.
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day. It links the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state. Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day. In total, Israel remembers 23,320 people who died 'fighting for the national cause' since 1860.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition. They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Scientists have found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs. Palaeontologists at the University of Bristol say male dinosaurs could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today. It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach up to 2.5 feet, to attract a mate. The research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologist for decades.
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive in Europe over next few years. He insisted the UK could not take more than 'a few thousand' genuine refugees. Comments came as experts warned that up to 30,000 migrants could be killed this year unless the crisis is tackled.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC. She insisted there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on BBC' and that he would return once he had 'had some time' Clarkson was suspended by the BBC last month after hitting a producer in a row at a hotel, before being told his contract would not be renewed. Earlier this month, Clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting BBC satirical show Have I Got News For You.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, has been charged with DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. Police say a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. The girl was released to her mother and the Department of Child Services were notified.
In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera. They will mix with rivals from the hyper-violent Mara Salvatrucha gang, or MS-13. The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls. Gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers, six prison guards and a prosecutor.
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating Yelp Reviews of Newborns. Just like the website that inspired it, the parody posts were written from the perspective of fictional parents who have ranked their experiences with their babies by giving them a star rating out of five.
Belle Gibson has admitted her cancer 'diagnoses' were lies. 'None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly. In the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness. 'I don't want forgiveness. I just think (it) was the responsible thing to do', she said.
Papyrus was found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, and contains a medical'recipe' for treating a hangover. The text recommends stringing the leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne, or sometimes Alexandrian laurel, together and wearing it around the neck. While the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol, it is not known if it had any effect.
Graeme Finlay, 53, denies unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm. He claims he acted in self-defence after being attacked by Ron Phillips, 70, wielding his crutch. Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients. Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers. Its formula suits all ages, from babies to mums and the elderly.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus. Mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt in Cheshire. Had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car. When police breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit. McDermott pleaded guilty to drink driving at Macclesfield Magistrates' court.
RSPCA officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. The footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water. Darren Wheatcroft, 48, and his son Callan, 22, both of Accrington, admitted keeping and training three of the dogs. Simon Whitworth, 44, of Oswaldtwistle, admittedKeeping and training another two dogs. All three were handed suspended prison sentences and ordered to pay
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. In the first four months of the year, there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations. Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays so far. EasyJet hasn't fared much better, experiencing a 19 per cent increase.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. Despite Erik and Maarten's best efforts to later track down their sister, it was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach to getting their children to do things they don't want to do. He suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets, grounding teenagers, and threats falling short of brute force as suitable methods for parents to get their way.
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. Hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge last July of beating, strangling and threatening to kill ex-girlfriend Nicki Holder. Holder told police that Hardy choked her, slammed her against a bathtub, threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her after a fight at his Charlotte condo. Hardy was dropped by his previous team, the Carolina Panthers, but was still able to collect his salary during that time, which was roughly $770,000 a week.
Christopher Starrs, 50, admitted defrauding BT of £28,000 over two years. He and colleague Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to home owners property during broadband installation. Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an 'act of mercy' But senior Judge Nicholas Cooke QC has now said the sentence was 'unlawful'
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood. She now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out. 'I cry out in my sleep almost every night. I dream that it (the abuse by Glitter) is happening again' She was one of two young girls predator Glitter was convicted of abusing.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night. The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church. Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sarabi. Sarabi's only apparent injury was a porcupine quill under the eye which was
PM said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in a system which 'punished the poor' He accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor, adding: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty' Mr Cameron said the Tories were overhauling the benefit system.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 with her daughter, Elisa, in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road. Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions. Elisa Tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed, but according to her father, Craig Tyler, the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident. A plain white delivery-style box truck, possibly similar to the one pictured above, has been linked to no fewer than three hit-and
Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste. She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle', said Judge John Burgess. Farier appeared at Derby Crown Court highly made up, wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag. She admitted stealing of £15,336 from her employer between October 2012 and February 2013 and converting criminal property between January 2013 and February 2014.
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter in Zushi, Japan. He wanted to send the picture to his wife, who was at work at the time. But he later noticed a pair of black boots behind the little girl. Mr Springall said he has 'no idea' what the item could be. He insisted there was 'no one' else in the vicinity. Sceptics have noted the presence of a blue piece of fabric lingering.
The Apple Watch 1 has been in high demand but some tech heads say version two might be worth waiting for. A survey of five Australian technology experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch. They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one feature missing from the current Apple Watch. Other key features which are absent, include an independent internet connection, GPS and water-proofing.
Claims by the country's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. The Trussell Trust admitted in a climbdown that 'these are not all unique users' It emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million  and possibly lower still.
Tracy Walters, 48, died after her husband Ian's car veered off the M1 motorway. He is accused of deliberately smashing his 4x4 vehicle into a tree at 84mph. The 51-year-old's Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree. Mrs Walters was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash. Walters, who was also badly hurt in the incident, was charged with his wifes murder two months later  ten days after her funeral. He denies murder and the trial at Leicester Crown Court continues.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times. She struck up a relationship with the inmate - who has not been named - in a nearby cell. The two would talk using an intercom when Robinson's manager left the room. In March, in March, the inmate asked for a kiss on his birthday. When her manager went to lunch, Robinson released the inmate from his cell and brought him into the bubble. She thought it strange that he brought a blanket with him from the cell, the report said.
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he made the bizarre discovery. The floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide snack as he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples he has seen on the internet.
Baboucarr Ceesay, a talented footballer from The Gambia, is believed to have died on the fishing boat in a 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of her devastation after discovering that he was not among the 27 survivors. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals who are responsible for thousands of deaths'
The 34-year-old lost 30 pounds for 2014 thriller Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for Southpaw. His trainer, former professional boxer Terry Claybon, said he did 2,000 sit ups a day, 1,000 each morning and the same at night. He also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $8.8 billion, far higher than the initial estimate of $3.5 bn. Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for its October 2018 launch.
Queen Letizia, 42, was joined by King Felipe, 47, at the Casa Real in Madrid. Joined award-winning writer Juan Goytisolo for a lunch in his honour. Last night, the Spanish queen was on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss courtesy of prize-winning author Pedro Manas.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has cast plus-size models in its new campaign. Starring models from sizes 10 to 20, this year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes. Campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's and Debenhams.
The 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. But the restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to its former glory. The British vehicle was supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond of London, who lived in a central postcode region in the capital of SW1.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne in the graveyard of St Nicholas Church, Southfleet, near Gravesend, in Kent. She was about to lay flowers at the grave of his grandmother on October 11 last year. He lunged at her, knocking her over and grabbing her round the throat. She managed to struggle free momentarily before he jumped on her again, brandishing a knife. She begged him to think of their children but Norris stabbed her repeatedly. He only stopped stabbing her when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened. Today he was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962, shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus. It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500. The 3.7-litre engine that produced 240bhp, it could go 0-60 in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph.
Male competitors on The Island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman. However, suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual, and it has now turned out to be an endangered American crocodile. Channel 4 said the islands used in the show were surveyed to establish what wildlife lived there before filming and it was not known that American crocodiles could be found.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33, in 2012. Duffy claimed his former partner, Rachel Evans, was the one with a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only dug the victim's crude grave. Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, south west of Sydney. Duffy's co-accused Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial.
The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning. The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts, which is set to continue over a number of days. Police and forensic officers have been working at three houses not far from where Miss Lawrence lived in the Heworth area of York before she went missing.
More than 60 per cent of Britons who buy their lunches out spend an average of £1,840 a year, based on 46 working weeks. Those who prepare food at home spend just £552 over the same period. Food website Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective and delicious lunches to work.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness. Poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the devastating blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes. A lawsuit filed by the family claims the Brown Mortuary put the body of 97-year-old Robert Petitclerc in the coffin by mistake. The body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso.
Underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. The naatsit was the only undergarment the Inuit would have worn next to their bare skin and it was often decorated with beads of glass.
Care Quality Commission branded Hinchingbrooke in Cambridgeshire as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures. But today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report. Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by Labour Party activists.
Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran of the Texas Department of Public Safety, leaped into the air and kicked motorcyclist Steven Gaydos after a high-speed chase in December 2012. Gaydos knew he was being pursued but drove off because he was driving on a suspended license. Troopers followed him for nearly 40 miles at speeds of 130 mph before Martinez pulled alongside him and fired four times through the window of his moving car, striking the man once in the thigh. He then pulled over and, as he tried to put down his kickstand, Martinez suddenly leaped out at him, kicked him and
Vets are urging the public to get their dogs checked out for ticks, which can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans. Warning comes after a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs. Lyme disease, a potentially fatal illness caught from tick bites, affects their pets as well as themselves. Knowledge about Lyme disease is increasing and it is known to wreck lives.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene. In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away. Nau's brother, Austin, died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident.
Rolly Robinson, from the blog Beauty High, stars in theunique makeover clip, which sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike. To make himself over as 'America's sweetheart', Rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the youngest member of the Kardashian clan.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis. This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. The city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to Taylor's to make sure the NGA does not leave the city, and take the 3,000 jobs it provides. A Change.org petition has been started, and already there are over 90,000 signatures. A decision is expected in March 2016.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting an open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by activists. The heated exchange between Knight and the group of protesters carrying anti-immigration signs was captured on video and later uploaded onto YouTube by a right-wing group called We The People Rising. In the 2-minute clip, Knight is approached by a man who introduces himself as 'Mike' and proceeds to shake the lawmaker's hand at lenght. During the awkward encounter, Mike informs Knight: 'You told me you didn't vote for amnesty and you did. I
Single-engine Edge 360 plane was being put through its paces at Old Buckenham Airfield near Attleborough, Norfolk. Eyewitnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and failing to come out if it during its display at around 2.45pm. Plane went down just 50 metres from a group of around 20 people who were at a press day to publicise an air show. A friend of the dead pilot who has been named locally as David Jenkins said: 'He was the best bloke I knew'
Secret footage showed former first minister mocking Labour after it slapped down Scottish leader Jim Murphy, who claimed he would write the party's budget north of the border. 'I knew that [he wouldn't be writing it] already  because I'm writing the Labour Party budget,' Mr Salmond declared to cheers at a fundraising event. He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket'  a reference to a Conservative election poster showing a miniature Mr Miliband in his breast pocket.
Belle Gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. Model and TV personality Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel let down by Belle Gibson. 'I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning. In a magazine interview, Belle Gibson has admitted her fatal cancer 'diagnoses' were lies.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. Between May and July 1944, 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland and most immediately gassed to death. During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed' Survivors from Auschwitz describe their arrival as chaotic, with Nazi guards yelling orders, dogs barking and families being ripped apart.
An eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. In addition to telling Michelle Obama that public school children can't live on one packet of ketchup alone, Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. Peter's father told The Weekly Standard that he found the letter on his son's desk and that it took his boy months to angrily write it. 'I also think your husband needs to work on his speeches. He also disappointed millions of Americans by not bombing Syria
The mother of the Duchess of Cambridge emailed customers of her Party Pieces firm yesterday, recommending the Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Ben Affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a PBS show about his ancestry. After appearing on Finding Your Roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner, Affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program. This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the toxic Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn on Earth Day. The 19th-century canal was once a major transportation route, but it's now so polluted with industrial and sewer discharges that it must, by law, be cleaned up. An estimated 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage pour into the canal each year. Dissolved arsenic in the water is thought to be at a level 60 times higher than that harmful to human health.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985. Famous former pupils of the top school, established in 1509, include the Chancellor, Winston Marshall and TV presenter Dan Snow.
Flight 5622, operating as a United Express, dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. The situation arose about an hour after take-off, when three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction - which conflicted with reports from people on the plane.
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. While the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, the family's settlement does not preclude continued litigation.
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his. I always wished I was there to take those bullets for Odin'
Lord Tebbit said the PM had never had a 'proper job' before entering politics. The former Tory party chairman said he had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in PR for Carlton Television. He also criticised Mr Camerons tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government and suggested Tory voters in Scotland vote tactically for Labour.
The Nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists. The previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. But agricultural minister Dan Jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot by militants loyal to the Islamic State in Syria. ISIS released the disturbing photographs on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control as happy and carefree. Brave activists operating on the ground in Syria have been hugely successful in helping to unite and inspire a resistance against ISIS. The terror group exacted bloody revenge on those found to be spreading information on their activities.
Nigel Farage admits he'made some mistakes' during the campaign. But Ukip leader insists he has 'a bit of the old vim and vigour back' Comes as Nick Clegg accuses Mr Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' Deputy PM warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling Tories.
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine. She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail. Once York County sheriffs deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her. However, at this point, she became violent, and attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff before 'thrusting her head onto the trunk of
Researchers at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzho have today published their research in the journal Protein & Cell, according to a report in Nature. The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for ²-thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. But the researchers involved said that their results revealed'serious obstacles' in using the technique on human embryos. The announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable genetic experiments.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid up to £100 an hour. Her hands have starred in everything from designer bags to appliances. The former beauty writer moisturises her hands up to ten times a day. She exfoliates them once a week and always wears a strengthener to keep her nails from snapping.
A woman who has fled from the IS capital Raqqa in Syria said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone. She told a BBC documentary that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by IS. She said: 'Sometimes people get whipped. After that many people began to fear IS' The refugee said fear of IS is making many join them: 'Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France for the ceremony. Huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside the packed church. Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother Isabelle Hyart's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk. The young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed wife Mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife at their home in Polegate, East Sussex. He had become suspicious of his wife's movements and placed a GPS tracker on her car as he hired a private detective to watch her. He soon discovered his estate manager wife was having an affair with married postman, Nick Gunn, nicknamed 'Tommy' by friends and family. It was revealed yesterday that the 41-year-old postman had had previous affairs with women on his rounds.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2million home to his children. The move was made at the height of the police paedophile case against him. It puts the luxury apartment out of reach for potential child abuse victims suing the peer for compensation. The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former Labour MP for child abuse.
Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has pledged to give 100 Bentleys to pilots. He is the Saudi King Abdullah's nephew and one of the world's richest men. He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted. Saudi Arabian forces launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago. They were launched to stop the advancement of Shiite Houthi rebels. The rebels had previously overthrown the Saudi-backed government.
One in five Australians admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night. 86 per cent admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. 27 per cent of Australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to sign for online orders when they arrived at home. Three-quarters of Australians spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year.
Abu Khaled al-Cambodi has starred in a vile new Islamic State propaganda video. He has called for new terror attacks on Australian soil in the 12-minute video. Authorities named him as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday. He is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of Australian militants.
Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test. Called Color Genomics, it is priced at just $249 (£167) It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRCa2, along with 17 other markers. All are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer. The test has received mixed responses with some saying it might not be useful.
Coffee filter papers are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing. But they can be life-savers in many other situations, too. FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers. They can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. Prosecutors said Stephen Delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney, 56, died in 2013. Monica admitted to shooting Haney when she found him being attacked by her pigs in 2013, but jurors didn't buy the story.
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is the self-declared president of 'Liberland' The land is located on the Croatia-Serbia border on the Danube River. It was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split in the 1990s. Mr Jedlicka says that under international law he is now entitled to take control of the 'unclaimed' territory. He claims he has already received 250,000 applications for citizenship.
TV celebrity Dr Mehmet Oz will take on his detractors in the medical community head-on during a special episode of his daytime talk show Thursday. Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work.
Ukip leader said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australian and India. Admitted he had to 'confess' that he had a 'preference' for Australian immigrants over Eastern Europeans and Somalians. Comes after Mr Farage demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe across the Mediterranean are sent back. He has also admitted today that he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is suspended 200m above the ground. The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf. In-room spa facilities include a private steam room, sauna, Jacuzzi, two treatment beds and an exercise room.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention. The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised.
Tory duo made their first appearance together on the campaign trail. They were at Advantage Children's Day Nursery in Surbiton, south west London. They broke up a puzzle which depicted the four seasons. When they tried to put it back together, they hit trouble after it proved to be more difficult than expected.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday. The Leeton schoolteacher's body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. School cleaner Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with Ms Scott's murder and is due to appear in court in June. Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation. On Tuesday the woman's heartbroken family shared a sweet photo of her as a little girl, giggling with her sisters in
David Healy, head of psychiatry at the Hergest psychiatric unit in Bangor, North Wales, said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. He suggested that the success of so-called SSRI drugs  which include Prozac and Seroxat  was based on the marketing of a myth Other psychiatrists have refuted the professors claims, saying the profession has moved on from a simplistic description of the pills correcting a chemical imbalance.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside in 1989. They gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home in rural Shanxi province, central China. Eventually, nearly 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse. Sadly, nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families. But a short online film telling the story of the Chens has changed their lives forever.
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. Quentin Letts says he has tried paternity leave, albeit briefly. 'For Gods sake, man, are you MAD?' he asks. 'They knew what no nurse ever looked like in a maternity ward,' he says.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation that will likely see the Casino teenager paralysed. The teenager has woken up from having his catastrophic brain tumour removed with the ability to move his body, thank his surgeon and even to ask his relieved mother for food. Jackson's story made national headlines this week, with strangers digging deep to help the family, donating more than $95,000 in just over a week.
Amy Schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West on the red carpet at the TIME 100 Gala in New York City on Tuesday. The couple are among those named individually as 'Titans' in the magazine's annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
Manhattan-based Skin Laundry says that after just ten minutes, their Light and Laser procedure will leave your skin 'glowing' Clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner 'for identification purposes', as well as grant permission for their organs to be donated. Despite the slightly troubling legal documents each client is required to sign, the treatment itself is not completely free from unpleasant side effects.
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones, in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, just outside Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher. Among the mourners were her fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley, who was dressed in a black bow tie with a yellow flower pinned to his shirt. Her sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was.
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to change the rule that bans Jedi Knights from marrying. Colin, who has autism, was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry. Lucasfilm sent Colin a package of Star Wars toys and books, as well as a letter addressing his question.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties have written a joint letter questioning the CPS's decision not to prosecute Lord Janner for child abuse. The letter accuses Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling. The cross-party group, led by Labours Simon Danczuk, asked in their letter to The Times: Have we learnt anything from the mistakes of the past? As long as justice is not seen to be done and the greater public interest is not served, the public will see attempts to investigate establishment figures involved in historic
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan, but has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. While the Army has recently updated its policy, the Marine Corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos. Knapp is considered a Tier 1 Marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, husband James, 38, and mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. They set up a fake GoFundMe page asking for money for their daughter, claiming that she was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery. They asked for $3,000 on the page, which has now been removed. Mrs Clawson's mother posed as a nurse to back up the couple's story. The couple has been accused of running scams in the past. In 2006, they were accused by dozens of couples of accepting payments
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. The doctor was the team doctor for five U.S. men's Olympic hockey squads, including the 'Miracle on Ice' team that won in the 1980's. He said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm.
Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month'mansion tax' But he claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens  including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd. Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him - was later declared dead at Ram Manohar Lohia hospital. The demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for hours. After two hours of play, the Russian offered the youngster a draw. Proud dad Simon Scott said the chess champion was left thinking for 15 minutes after one of Jonahs opening moves while he worked out what to do next.
Swazi gold is grown in the tiny South African sovereign state of Swaziland. The climate and nutrient-rich soil is perfect for growing marijuana. Farmers developed the potent strain through cross-pollination. They can now yield double the crop they once could annually. The swazi gold that stays in South Africa is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive new cocktail known as nyope.
Phoebe Jo Chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the Lowndes County Sheriffs Office in Valdosta and has since been charged with three counts of sexual assault. Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys. The students have all since graduated, but investigators say there were still attending Lownde High School when the alleged sexual encounters occurred.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement over the death of new mom Samantha Fleming, 23. Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy. Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary. The body had been doused in bleach, put in a garbage bag that was duct taped and hidden in a plastic bin inside a closet. Police said they are trying to determine a motive but the
Tescos clothing brand F&F has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market. It comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes. Aside from the lace bust, the dress is a mixture of nylon, cotton and polyester.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year. While a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people are moving to the Lucky Country. Secretary of the Immigration Department Michael Pezzullo revealed these figures at a speech at the Australian National University on Tuesday night.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months. Twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing. One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call. Among the worst cases, one incident report in February noted: Fumes in cabin. Oxygen administered. Aircraft returned
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940. It was transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London. It is still capable of pumping out 3,000 gallons of water every minute - as much as four fire engines - despite being 80 years old. The boat went out of service in 1971, and four decades was used as a walkway in a London dock, allowing people to get to other bessels.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court. He was told he faces jail for conning a bank into giving him the money for it. The award-winning mortgage broker previously boasted about his £1million hillside home he built in the north Wales countryside.
Marine Le Pen, 46, named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people. She said it shows that her party's brand of political change is getting attention. The recognition comes at an eventful time for Le Pen. She recently announced she would oppose her father on his candidacy in France's regional elections in December. Earlier this month, Le Pen Snr infuriated her with a series of racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
Biologists at Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany, studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout. Company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million. He lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. Court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a Tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend. Judge Murray Creed imposed a 12-month community order on Ghosh.
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein in his attempts to perform the first head transplant. He claims the country which hosts the operation will be a 'world leader' like the US when it put a man on the Moon. Valery Spiridonov, 30, a sufferer of Werdnig-Hoffman disease, has volunteered to be a guinea pig, knowing the risks.
Blake, 27, gave birth to daughter James in January. Has been out and about promoting new movie Age Of Adaline. Revealed that she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities. Admits she has 'insecurities' about her figure.
Sally Lutkin, 49, wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren's names. She had a rose surrounded by the names Harvey, seven, Harvey Junior, six, and Cooper, one, tattooed above her left ankle in November 2013. But it became infected and after an emergency operation she was left with a gruesome hole in her leg. Her leg became red and swollen - so much so that she was in agony and couldn't walk, forcing her to rush to A&E. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media. The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician. Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses such as Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow. But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless Dress? Here, FEMAIL gives you the verdict.
Stewart Brand believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. Instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. He said that the rate of discovery of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction. His views are likely to be controversial with conservationists who have been warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species.
Scott Keyes, 28, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. Along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in Europe and South and North America. He reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights.
John Agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because Temple would 'overreact' if she didn't get her way. He also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much. His efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including Ronald Reagan came to Temple's defense. The claims were revealed in FBI files obtained by Daily Mail Online through Freedom of Information requests.
In two years the Thames Bath Lido, which will sit near Blackfriars Bridge, should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project. The plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers. The plan is to incorporate two pools, a 25 meter lap pool and a training pool. The baths will also be heated to make them available for use all year around.
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. 'I just want to be a helping hand today,' he says, offering the man a $10 bill. 'You wanna give me money, man? F**** you prick!' the man says as he gives the seemingly homeless man the finger. 'Does it look like I need your money? F***k out of here, the man angrily replies, slapping his hand away before walking off. Only two people in the video listen to the seemingly
Fiona Steane is 50 with 3ft long hair, Sarah Rihal is also 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair. Melanie Brown is 60 and has 4ft long locks and Vanessa Thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in. Here, some of Britains real-life Rapunzels show off their locks.
The video was released on April 20, which is regarded by many smokers as the national day to get high. Recorded in the state of Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year, the video sees each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong, before offering their thoughts.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, were discovered early Wednesday. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed. Police have yet to release much information at this time, only saying that the suspect and victim did know one another.
Twitter users have begun editing the Labour leader's face on to famous men's bodies. From Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford, to Neil Armstrong and even TV's latest heart-throb Poldark, these images prove there is nothing that photoshop cannot achieve. While some branded the pictures 'hilarious' and 'awesome', others were less impressed, saying they marked the closest Miliband would ever get to being cool.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie have been at Graceland since the 1980s. Owner OKC Partnership wanted a cut of ticket sales. Elvis' ex-wife Priscilla Presley said fans should 'calm down' Last year, OKC put them up for sale, saying they would have to be sold. They were expected to fetch $15million in an auction in January. But they were withdrawn from sale and OKC made arrangements to have them displayed on land adjacent to Graceland.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Yasser Afzal, 22, 20 times. The Old Bailey heard that MrAfzal had threatened to show intimate pictures of Nargis Riaz, to her Imam father. The court heard that Ms Riaz had been involved in a relationship with both men for several weeks before the murder on March 24, 2014. Her parents were unaware she was friendly with either man. Co-defendant Muhammed Khan, 23, was acquitted of assisting an offender.
Veteran ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. Smith will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft, interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota. She revealed she had cancer on twitter last October and will undergo five more rounds of chemotherapy after the draft.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' after being confronted by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation. In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down.
The Yeatman is Portugals first luxury wine hotel, built into a hill in Vila Nova de Gaia. All of its 82 rooms face the Douro river, and almost every one is themed after a Portuguese winery. Guests are just a short walk from Taylor's wine lodges and cellars, where its Port wine ages in thousands of barrels.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County on Sunday. His ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue. A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge. The news has stunned the community of Coeur d'Alene, where he had long campaigned for wheelchair users to get better access
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014. The 36-year-old publican said the last thing he could remember was going to bed at approximately 12.30am. He then awoke beside his car which had been involved in a car crash. Police arrived at Boase's house where they found him standing next to his car. Boase was found guilty of drink-driving, failing to stop after an accident and failing to report an accident.
King Goodwill Zwelithini has been blamed for sparking violence against foreigners. He is said to have told followers in a speech that foreigners were 'lice' and 'ants' and should be expelled from South Africa. King has also courted wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for his hardline stance on controversial traditional virginity testing. His opulent marriage to his sixth wife Zola Mafu in July included a marquee, catering and flowers for 5,000 invited guests.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a slightly different shaped head. At three months, he was diagnosed with brachycephaly, also known as 'flat head syndrome' This when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is not medically dangerous, the NHS does not pay for treatment. But after doing some research Mrs Thomas was shocked to discover the condition can lead to facial disfigurement and even blindness. She visited a private clinic and was told Miles
Grey and white cat Marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner Brendon Veale's garage and his neighbours in Hanham, Bristol. The rescue unfolded last Wednesday when a neighbour heard miaowing coming from the side of his garage. The RSPCA were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap. Eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free.
The White House said Tuesday that Nye, who has degrees in engineering but was made famous by his 90s era television show for school children, 'Bill Nye the Science Guy,' would make the trek today on its behalf. Nye held court with press before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel, according to an account provided to White House reporters. On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service. He was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki motorbike. Garrod pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding. He then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban. He filled in a 'patient clinical record' for the bogus call to back up his false story.
Hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a Lytham cocktail bar. Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home. Now the former Premier League player must travel around on his bike, a court heard.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. He warns that as many as half of young Americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females. Army recruiters are having to act like the trainers on NBC's The Biggest Loser when they met prospective soldiers who are eager to sign up but are too fat to
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley. The blog features photos and stories of talented women in the tech industry, often accompanying them with inspirational quotes. The goal of the project is 'to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success, these rebels against the numbers'
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday. The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over over your own choices?' The post caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of the group alike, with social media users labelling the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those who had
The 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhis Safdarjung Hospital. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside to relieve herself. On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene, to the shock of her brother.
The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in Totnes. It was planned to be the first in Europe as a mark of the town's pride. But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. Councillors told the Proud2Be group to go away and seek further medical advice from experts.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. For those who weren't disconnected, only 40percent actually got through to a person. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings. Some of the elder children had autism and some did not. Numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the MMR vaccine and autism.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site. The students were commuting to St. Joseph's Hospital in Savannah for their last day of clinical training of the school year. The crash occurred at about 6 a.m. in Bryan County, about 20 miles west of Savannah. Three people also were injured and seven vehicles were damaged.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband,' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted, 'what makes her think she can satisfy America?' When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it for him. Trump's office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible. 'Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Online.
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. The catch? The roof leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it. In an advert posted on Gumtree, the rather honest letting agent has posted candid pictures of the cracked ceiling in the otherwise smart, modern and generous bedroom.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars. In 2013 he stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker. Throughout Davion's search for a family, and his years in the system, Connie Bell Going, had been by his side - and on Wednesday she officially became his mother.
Four Seasons set out to recreate their hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. Revealed in a minute-long video, the aeroplane is displayed sitting on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience. Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. But he noted that substantially the same advertisement ran in San Francisco and Chicago in 2013 without incident. He delayed enforcing his order to run the ads by a month so it can be appealed.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt are one of the most famous duos in the world. The couple have a combined net worth of £260million. But they often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation, affordable for mortals. Brad and Ange booked out an entire floor of the Hilton Malta, while filming their upcoming film By the Sea.
Gang of six men jailed for a total of 31 years after being convicted of sexual offences against teenager girls. The offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child, to rape, happened in cars, woods or at the defendants' homes in Banbury, Oxfordshire. The girls, aged between 13 and 16, were targeted by the gang at under-18s parties organised by Ahmed Hassan-Sule, 21.
Hole appeared on Earl Street, Northampton, at about 2pm on Thursday. Shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot (2.4 metres) wide - with a section of surrounding road also looking on the verge of collapse. Police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to water main.
Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with minor injuries. Delta said 'a small number of customers' on Flight 271 complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians. One passenger said that it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow'
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Japan and begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. The large birds were photographed by Japanese businessman Sanin Alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox. But as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he is capable of managing.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing. The single mom said: 'He's at risk for HIV, Hepatitis C, Herpes, Gonorrhea, Chlamydia'
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday. In the trailer, Depp is completely transformed for the role. He looks several years older, with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue. The crime drama is based on the 2001 book Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill.
Ed Miliband will pledge to restore Britains commitment to the EU. He will accuse David Cameron of taking Britain to the edge of European exit Mr Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is very unlikely there will be a transfer of powers to EU that would trigger one.
A new Ask Reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive. 'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day. Others said it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things.
The waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey. The 26-year-old, an employee at Rosie cafe which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife, recounted on The Daily Blog how the Prime Minister kept pull her hair. But following the publication of the blog on Wednesday, Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised.
Masood Mansouri, 33, from Saltney, Flintshire, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault. The woman, mother to a three-year-old girl, managed to escape by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club. Initially she tried to forget about the attack, the second sexual assault she had suffered in her short life. But she became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother. Five days later she took an overdose of her mother's blood pressure tablets and died.
Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Ivan Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution. Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest in southern NSW. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years. According to claims made by the program, Milat would have been about 19 when he claimed his first victim.
Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because 'we love heartwarming storiesespecially comeback stories' She says there is a bit of Belle in all of us. Credibility is not a speaker trait, but a perception created in an audience. Credible people are welcome sources of security.
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter. Arrested on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say. He had already used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl, they added.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance the books would allow Labour to borrow £90billion more than the Tories by 2020. This would rise to £280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power. Think-tank warned that Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events', such as another recession or the costs of an ageing population.
Two-year-old girl from Gardena, California, disappeared from a car wash on April 2. She was found two hours later in a parking lot at Jim's Burgers, 13 miles away. The little girl had scratches on her legs and was screaming and putting her hands over her eyes, witnesses said. Police initially said the person responsible for the kidnapping was a serial predator. Detectives worked around the clock to find the kidnapper. A tip came in on April 5 from a man who had seen the footage on the Nissan Altima on TV, and said his neighbor, Ikela, had been making changes to
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain. A federal criminal complaint said that Patel was last seen at a hotel near Newark International Airport shortly after his wife was killed on April 12.
The Slants, who say they chose their name as a way to reclaim a term usually considered a racial slur, cannot trademark the name because it is disparaging. The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. The ruling could have implications for the high-profile fight over whether the National Football League's Washington Redskins should lose its trademarks.
High rise holiday resort Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, wants the same recognition as other 'world wonders' like Stonehenge, the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China. Spain already boasts more than 40 Unesco world heritage sites, including Granada's Alhambra Palace and Donana National Park in Huelva.
The 29-year-old is currently starring in the West End play American Buffalo. He will star alongside Ryan Gosling in the new film Weightless later this year. The London-born actor was nominated for a Tony for his performance in Orphans. He counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends.
Krishnan Guru-Murthy tried to ask Robert Downey Jr about his drug-taking past. The actor said: 'I'm sorry, I really don't... what are we doing?' Krishnan is then seen looking dumbfounded as Robert goes to head out of the room.
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013. Two years on, the joey has become part of the family on their farm. Dusty rides in the back of Mr Stewart's truck, sleeps with the dogs, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats.
The unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane. She pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner. Sunshine Coast Snake Catchers 24/7 Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri near Carmarthen, broke her leg. She fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding. Wore a knee-high cast and NHS-issue crutches for the big day. Was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in July 2013. Her comments follow the admission from the lying health guru and wellness blogger that she had made up her story about having brain cancer. 'How dare you stand up on national television and say you've changed your lifestyle and survived a brain tumour? Miss Taylor said of Gibson. The Whole Pantry gained media attention because of Gibson's remarkable story about cancer survival.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth. She also poured water over the dementia patient at Kent and Canterbury Hospital. Roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity following a two-day trial - but avoided a prison sentence.
Rupa Huq is standing for Ed Milibands party in a key marginal seat in west London. She actively campaigned against the war, boasting about the fact on a page of pledges on her website. Mr Blair made £1,000 donations to 106 local campaigns in target seats across the country in March, only for some Labour candidates to reject the money. Ms Huq said fellow candidates who had turned down the cash were'sticking their noses up at Mr Blair.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials told the news outlet. Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames. An investigation into what was behind the blaze continues.
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream. Many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes. Now the weather is heating up, damaging UVA and UVB rays will be stronger. Experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies.
Fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM as they withdrew the pensioner's cash on March 17. The crooked pair had earlier posed as bank staff on the phone and convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on the doorstep of his home in Walsgrave-on-Sowe, Warwickshire. But less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150
Images show jihadis posing in front of terror group's sinister black and white flag while brandishing assault rifles. The slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases, suggesting the Middle East-based militants have taken full control of Boko Haram propaganda. Earlier this year the group's leader, Abubakar Shekau, released a video saying the group had pledged allegiance to ISIS.
AJ Francis, 24, is a regular user of the taxi app and sent an application. He plans to work for the $40billion taxi firm during the sport's off-season. The pro footballer also took to Twitter to explain the decision. He said: 'You know what's better than NFL money? More money'
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey which had been valued at £4.25million. But before he died in 2011, he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison, 59, fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune. A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making' Now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court
Officer Michael Rapiejko rammed his car into armed robbery suspect Mario Valencia. Footage showed him mounting the curb and mowing down the 36-year-old. Video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force in Marana, Arizona. Police chief Terry Rozema has since spoken out to defend his officer's actions. He said: 'It's luck that he is still alive. The fact of the matter is, deadly force was authorized' However, Valencia's attorney has called the incident an excessive use of police force.
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. However, this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. While the birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly, Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator. The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
The Clinton Foundation and its associated charities will re-file at least five annual tax returns to correct the mistakes. The errors involve under-reporting, over-reporting or misclassifying millions of dollars in donations from foreign governments. In 2010, 2011 and 2012, the Clinton Foundation reported to the IRS that it received zero dollars from foreign and U.S. governments. That number stood out because it reported tens of millions in government contributions in the preceding years. Hillary Clinton was helping approve Russia's purchase of US uranium production as her foundation received millions from executives tied to the deal. Former president Bill Clinton received $500,000 for
Evanika Saadvakass, from Kazakhstan, became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. The video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress.
Brendan Cordina found his grandfather's World War II medals in the Northern Territory. The 36-year-old drove 3500 kilometres in four days to be reunited with the family treasures. But on his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum' He started a petition on change.org and has received of 15,000 signatures in under 24 hours. Director of MAGNT, Pierre Arpin, said he respected the intent of the donor to have medals benefit the public.
The 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man and left for dead. The unidentified victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams. West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description.
Barry Bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court. His reputation remains tainted in the mind of many baseball fans. A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday, ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement. 'I am excited about what the future holds for me as I embark on the next chapter'
Rebels bikie gang president Alex Vella has been banned from Australia for life. The government cancelled his visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. The decision strands Vella in Malta, leaving behind in Australia 24 close family members including a wife, sons and an elderly mother, all of whom are Australian citizens. The court this week ordered Vella, who has painted himself as a Nelson Mandela-like figure and sold stubby holders and t-shirts to fund his legal battle, pay all court costs.
Yamini Karanam, 26, was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain. She was struggling to understand things she had read, and felt lost in conversations. Surgeons operating on the Indiana University student discovered the growth was in fact a brain teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth. Dr Hrayr Shahinian, the expert at the Skullbase Institute in Los Angeles, has removed around 7,000 brain tumours and has seen just two teratomas. He said he feared the tumour could be cancerous. But tests revealed the mass was benign, and Miss Kar
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate. Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month. The service will work only on the company's Nexus 6 phones and only in the US.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston residence in September 2013 and even though the Secret Service bought a replacement system in January 2014, it took until December for it to be installed. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm, which was installed in 1993, be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' The request was denied for an unknown reason. The oversight was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General.
Study compared results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Duke-led study says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere, and other natural factors. They claim these 'wiggles' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations. If not properly explained and accounted for, they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends.
The three men, who are in their 50s are all from the York area. The trio were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance. Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009. Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work. Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from York in connection with Ms Lawrence's murder.
The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin. The pilot was flying a six-seat Cessna 310 aircraft, registered VH-TBE, with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers. The report also found the pilot was'relatively new to the C-310' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment. There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was'substantially damaged'
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year, an increase of 2%. A record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged  up by a third (32 per cent) to 80,200, or 220 a day. Experts say the rise  the first since 2003-04  was partly because victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head, demanding money. Holcomb wasn't able to access the safes, so the robber made with the cash in the till - totaling $400. Less than two days later she was fired. Popeyes said it was against policy to have such an amount in the register and gave Holcomb an ultimatum - pay it
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum has had more than 250,000 visitors so far this year, a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year. The memorial site has urged potential visitors to book their visits online ahead of time to ensure entry. January saw the 70th anniversary of the camp's liberation, a possible reason for the surge in interest.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole. Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of tips. They include avoiding a double buggy and buying several blue bowls.
Ben Thurlow attacked emergency worker Rebecca Hudson while she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted on a night out in Driffield, East Yorkshire. The 23-year-old, who was suffering from a suspected concussion, shoved Ms Hudson as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance where he was being treated. Paramedics were forced to call police, who had to escort him in the ambulance while he was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary. But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked Ms Hudson by knocking her over. At Beverley Magistrates Court he was given a
Carrie Reichert, 43, claims she shared a 'hot, deep kiss' with Prince Harry. Says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw him playing strip billiards. In an excerpt from her upcoming book, she says she couldn't help but notice how 'adorably cute his naked a** was' Kensington Palace has previously denied she was one of the women invited back to the Prince's VIP suite.
Gareth Blanks, 31, was attacked as he walked home in Truro, Cornwall. He was approached by a group of three men and one woman at 8.30pm on April 17. They taunted him before snatching his hat from his head. When he tried to retrieve the garment, he was pushed to the ground. One of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and body. More than 1,500 people have come out in support of Mr Blanks.
Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world. Found out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic. Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city. Some refer to industry found in the city, some refer to cities environment. Singapore, or Lion City, is another interesting one.
Scandal-hit lender faced barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors. Shareholders are reeling from big losses in investments and pension funds. Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion. Chairman Sir David Walker defended the banks decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses, including packages of more than £1million to 359 employees.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. Henry Rogers, 22, weighed 18st at his heaviest. He went on an intense two-year diet, including going vegan for a year. After shedding the pounds, he landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch. The pair have since fronted campaigns for Tom Ford, Armani and Prada.
Supermarket giant announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday. Loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores. Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of 3,000 stores.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA, was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. Emergency personnel attempted life-saving measures, but Burton was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home. His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to the police.
The sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in Raqqa. It warns ISIS jihadis about items of clothing they are no longer allowed to wear. Leaflet threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments. This is despite the fact one of the group's most famous commanders, Abu Waheeb, is well known for wearing Western sportswear.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. It can scan planes from small private jets to medium-sized commercial airplanes.
The friends were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train. Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train. 'We're no heroes, just tourists,' Mr Asberg, along with Erik Naslund, Samuel Kvarzell and Eric Jansberger said.
Spanish lawyer says she has been'religiously paying taxes' in UK for 10 years. Says she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7. But takes a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power with. Comes after Mr Clegg warned 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling Tories.
Former Soviet state has gained the most from the strong pound. Resorts on its Black Sea coast offer the best value in terms of a meal out, buying a cup of coffee and essentials such as sun cream and a cold drink, according to a study. It is one of 13 European hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer.
The Shepherds Life: A Tale of the Lake District. by James Rebanks. (Allen Lane £16.99) It is the enlightening, exquisitely written account, give or take a few autobiographical tangents, of a year in the life of Rebanks. Rebanks loathed school, and left at 15, able to write only in block capitals. But his book does not undermine the importance of education.
Bodycam footage shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded, 22-caliber pistol at officer Brian Barnett on April 11. Barnett, 25, then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does. The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost. It was forensically recovered, but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles, California, to announce their claims. Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour. Kinney said she was 24 in May 1982 when she and a friend met Cosby at the casino where she worked in Reno, Nevada. She said the three of them went back to Cosby's apartment, where he gave her some pills. Hours later, she claims, she woke up naked in
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town, a Doubleday publication that was released Tuesday, immediately sparked a fierce debate in Montana and beyond. Krakauer, the author of the critically acclaimed book Into the Wild, sat down for an interview with ABC's Nightline, which aired Wednesday night, to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape.
Chelsea Clinton, the daughter of former U.S. president Bill Clinton and presumptive Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton, spoke during an event on women and girls in New York City. 'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent' in the wake of the scandalous claims, she said. The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected. That hasn't sat well with Republicans vying for their party's presidential nomination, and they smell blood.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising. A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use. The designers,  based at Dalian Nationalities University, do not say whether the bike will automatically fill and drain with water too. Instead, the detergent and water may need to be added and then drained before more water being added for a rinse cycle.
Eloise Parry, known as Ella, 21, died this week after taking a lethal overdose. She swallowed the highly-toxic substance known as Dinitrophenol, or DNP. After taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat. While doctors desperately tried to stabilise her, she died just three hours later. Her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
For Americans, the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol, but not one to be especially loved. Kate Brower, an American journalist assigned to cover the Obama White House, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey. She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs, Downstairs.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage. When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine, say airport officials. Adams now faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy St George's Day celebrations in the sunshine. Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. Described by the Prime Minister as 'a day to be celebrate all that makes England great', St Georges Day takes place on April 23 every year. Temperatures of around 20C in parts of the country allowed outdoor events to go forward.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, had claimed the Tesco product worth £20 and taken it home after spotting it on a train the previous week. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV footage to track down the 32-year-old care worker. They then took her off a train as she travelled to work in Brough. She was accused of trying to shield the item from CCTV as she walked off the train. Miss Craven was then allegedly asked to attend a police station for questioning where she had her DNA taken from a mouth swab.
Calf in Narnaul, northern India, has FIVE mouths - the most ever seen on a calf. But he can only take in milk through two of his mouths. He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born. He has been called Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna. It can also mean 'one who pleases others'
All three main parties education spokesmen revealed they would have no problem with the next Education Secretary sending their children to private school. Tristram Hunt, Labours shadow education secretary, said: Yes. In certain circumstances He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of unqualified teachers across the state sector.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. She allegedly let the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. Robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect. The report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' However at a motion hearing, Circuit Judge Andrew Erwin ruled the evidence was insufficient and that Robinson would have to go to trial on April 28 without it.
Florida mom Kristina Bewley started taking her daughter Giselle to Disney World in September 2014 and they've been visiting the park monthly ever since. Each time the family visits, GIselle puts on a new princess outfit bought by her mother Kristina. Kristina is so inspired by her daughter that she started a Facebook page that features her 4-year-old princess in her whimsical attire.
Ukip announced that it would make St George's Day a Bank Holiday in England. Economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on whether St George would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century Ukip. In its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country.
The 50-foot whale was still on Pacifica State Beach on Wednesday. Beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the whale. It's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have any broken bones or signs of blunt force trauma.
Mourners in Malta and Italy have held candle-lit vigils to remember migrants who died when their boat capsized off Libya this weekend. The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800. It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes. The relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of Libya has continued since the tragic wreck. But an emergency meeting of EU leaders in Brussels today will announce that only 5,000 refugees who survive the
Hilti DD350 drill was used by gang to cut through wall of secured vault. They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of gems. Scotland Yard officer in charge of investigation said crime was carried out by 'Ocean's 11 type team' Police are offering a £20k reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid in London's diamond district.
Photographs show men and woman rushing towards those crushed in tragedy. Investigators urge anyone who recognises them to come forward. Comes at the request of some of the victims' families, said officials. Officers had previously been unable to identify individuals in the images. They form part of ongoing Home Office inquiry into disaster which claimed 96 lives.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone. The mother-of-six lived on a diet of takeaways, pizzas and kebabs. But she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits. A child on a bus pointed at her and asked whether she was pregnant. The embarrassing remark left her mortified but inspired her to slim down.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd,  was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate Randall Ramsey. Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports. Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News. Cohen alleged in the interview that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members.
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation' The world's richest man has defended meat eating, saying it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian. He also explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated. Instead he believes it will be possible to provide enough meat for the worlds growing population as demand in developing countries increases.
A sade-to-measure pink croc Hermes Birkin bag has gone on sale for £140,000. The rare tote is so exclusive that it can't even be brought in store. Experts say it's an extremely good investment. Victoria Beckham reportedly owns a collection worth £1.5m.
Mary Doyle Keefe, the telephone operator who inspired millions, passed away on Tuesday after a brief illness. Mary became the poster girl for American women when she shot to fame by posing for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting. Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943, and became a symbol for feminism and economic power.
European Parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts on their labels. Under current EU regulations, producers of alcoholic drinks are not obliged to reveal the nutritional value of their products on the label. Consumer and health organisations want wine producers to include calories on their bottles so drinkers can make 'informed choices' But European winemakers argue that introducing nutritional labelling would lead to an intolerable rise in production costs.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job. But he was stopped at airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster in luggage. Newcastle Crown Court heard stun gun could cause victim to'startle and repel' Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of firearm and two offensive weapons. He was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs.
David Cameron repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1. Host Chris Smith also accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister. At one point he offered to bet £1,000 that he would not win a majority. Listeners commenting on Twitter accused the programme of leftist hostility
Adam Gadahn, who had treason charges pending against him, was killed in a drone strike in January, the White House acknowledged on Thursday. Gadahn's father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s. He was raised as a Protestant Christian, grew up and was home-schooled on a goat farm in Riverside County, California. In 1995, at age 17, he converted to Islam at a mosque in nearby Orange County. A few years later, he joined al-Qaida as a propagandist.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days. Indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions. The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday. Authorities in Indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed. The Attorney-General has already suggested that a Constitutional Court challenge by lawyers for Chan and Sukumsaran will not be taken into account.
Chancellor warns of a 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at mercy of SNP. Nicola Sturgeon named her price for supporting Labour in any post-election deal. She demanded her MPs have a say over the running of the whole of the UK. Mr Osborne said it would add £6billion to Britain's interest bill, worth £350 per family.
Rand Paul's eldest son William Paul, 22, was cited for a DUI on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky but not arrested. Paul was driving a 2006 Honda Ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car. Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. The 22-year-old student is scheduled to be arraigned in Fayette District Court on May 12.
Study by Edge Hill University found link between anxiety and grades. 705 pupils from 11 schools questioned in British Journal of Educational Psychology. Lancashire's Michael Ribton, principal of Burlington Danes Academy, offers advice. Says parents should draw up revision timetable and reward children with time off. Parents should engage with children at exam time and find a quiet place to revise.
E4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election. Cult US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air. Viewers will be shown instead an advert telling people to go to the polls. Channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote.
Two suspected Australian terrorists have been arrested in Turkey. They were caught trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. It happened a day after Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and an intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia. The extradition treaty covers the detention and extradition of Australian foreign fighters. It would also cover criminal activity such as drug trafficking.
Patients are being put at risk because paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls, healthcare leaders warn. Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid  yet they are being left to care for seriously ill elderly patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance. Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is overstretched.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices. His partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March. His surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service, Dr Williams said. Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue, adding they are exploring a number of options.
Second eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in a thick layer of ash. The first eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air. Another unexpected eruption today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded. The ash covered cars and houses in cities as far as 18 miles away from the source of the eruption as another massive evacuation effort gets underway.
Footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce, Florida. Despite the fact the Aerostar plane travels at speed, its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation. He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. Its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact.
Incredible scene captured on CCTV in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province. Police believe the driver was carrying the van to the garage. The silver minivan, also known as a 'bread vehicle' in China due to its resemblance to a load of bread, is estimated to weight around one ton. The driver has not been tracked down.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in Californian history was finally released last November. After his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday, Hanline said he was hoping to return to a normal life.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to celebrate her daughter's birthday. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday and they had poured a glass to toast the occasion. Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years. An investigation team involving six agencies in the US and Britain want him put on trial in New York. Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME), where he was making transactions. But he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year.
EU rules say organic farmers must use homoeopathic remedies to treat fish. First line of treatment should be'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution', before'veterinary treatments' Directive is set to be brought into national law in non-EU Norway. British and Norwegian vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate'
Crawley-based Acro Aircraft Seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat. The Series 7 seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants. Thompson Aero Seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience. Hong Kongs Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a dual-user armrest.
Pippa Middleton, Carole Middleton and Emilia Jardine-Paterson will be on standby. Pippa, 31, and Carole, 60, are best friends and often visit Kensington Palace and Anmer Hall. Carole has been described as a'super-granny' who has a starring role in Prince George's life and oversight of royal nursery.
Ruling clears the way for federal proceedings on similar charges in New Orleans, which local lawyers believe he can win. Durst, 72, who faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case, remains jailed without bond in Louisiana. He was arrested at a hotel in the New Orleans capital in March a day before the finale of his HBO docu-series The Jinx.
Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down. A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday. The substance has not yet been identified and neither has its sender but an investigation is ongoing.
Study by Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development used data from Lisbon in Portugal. By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such self-driving, communal cabs would affect traffic. Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent. Finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
Barry Beavis, 48, from Chelmsford, Essex, was fined £85 for overstaying parking. He launched legal bid to overturn fine saying it was unfair and unenforceable. But judges at Court of Appeal said fine was not 'excessively high' Motoring groups accused judges of being 'out of touch' and 'furious' Mr Beavis said he would now be taking case to the Supreme Court.
The Prime Minister stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance this morning. He was wearing a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes. His hair was unkempt and he was wearing an unusual combination of dark colours. The Tories are battling against Coalition partners in the South-West. But Mr Cameron is still trailing Ed Miliband's Labour Party nationally.
The image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. He said he had a ringside seat on Labours complete failure on immigration. Under Labour, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers. With the Conservatives, two-thirds of our job growth now benefits British citizens.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's 2nd Avenue last month. The young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in New York's East Village were destroyed. Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished. 'Nobody's spoken to me, no one has called
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse have warned the practise can raise a person's body temperature and heart rate to dangerous levels. A typical 90-minute session is performed in the room with 40 per cent humidity. Scientists advise that the standard class is reduced to just an hour to reduce the risk of heat stroke.
Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says Belle Gibson's actions point to both a narcissism disorder and anti-social personality disorder. 'A lack of remorse definitely fits in. It's like - you do what you need to do to get what you want,' she said. Lamble has not treated Gibson personally but said, in her professional opinion, she believes Gibson could be displaying signs of both.
Astronomers say Paul the Apostle saw a bright light in the sky in Syria. He was blinded for three days and heard a divine voice or sound. The experience so affected Paul that he converted to Christianity. Astronomer Dr William Hartmann says the description of the light, the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite. He says the Chelyabinsk meteor is a good example of what Paul may have experienced.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with messages. He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. Dunford set up a fake escort website profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister. He claims he spends £100,000-a-year on his looks and is now working as a stripper. He was given a 12 month community order and told to do 120 hours unpaid work.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12-and-a-half stone. She was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls' The trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university, spending almost £1,000 on food in first term alone. Now a consultant herself, Amelia is helping other people lose weight through the Cambridge Weight Plan.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket. The ticket was given to her by a friend during a lunch celebrating her birthday. The friend has since died, so she plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
FEMAIL reveals the things that have actually been brought to England by people from abroad. Fish and chips is partly Portuguese and partly Belgian. polo was introduced to Brits by locals in the Indian state of Assam in the 19th century. The tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York merchant.
Graeme Whipps captured this incredible image of the Lyrid meteor shower in the skies above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere. The Lyrids are created by debris from comet Thatcher, which takes about 415 years to orbit around the Sun.
Figures from Catholic Church show number of women taking Holy Vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the University of Edinburgh. But at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust. She spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. But she and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and both jailed last summer. Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme. He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail. Chaplin claimed he'made nothing' from the scam but was ordered to repay
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending, bills or credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. For women clothes were the biggest reason for lying, with 66 per cent fibbing about the cost of their wardrobe. For men, technology purchases had caused 27 per cent to lie.
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa district court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of Eric Harris on April 2. In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded after an internal investigation that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy. Other deputies raised concerns about Bates' behavior in the field, almost from the start of his tenure.
At least 1,400 children were abused in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013. Police did not use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence. Also failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers. National Crime Agency review examined three current South Yorkshire Police investigations into child sex exploitation.
Tomlinson, 23, seen with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper. The image was taken on Wednesday amid 48 hours during which Tomlinson has been seen partying hard. Louis, newly single having split from long-term girlfriend Eleanor Calder, left Londons Cirque du Soir nightclub at 4am this morning and returned to his hotel.
The meteor shower, visible around the world but best seen from Europe, has been observed for the past 2,700 years. Nick Watson, a semi-professional photographer from Newcastle, captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland. John Phelan also took a series of meteor shots at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning as the sun was rising. The Lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation Lyra.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students and felt the school waited too long to deal with the problem.
Candlestick Park, home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. The area is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center. The iconic sports field was completed in 1960 and was home to both the Giants and the 49ers. The 49ers played there for 43 seasons, winning four Super Bowls. The Giants left at the end of the 1999 season, and the49ers after 2013.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine. Almost a quarter  24 per cent giving medication such as morphine and insulin had received no training.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in Dumfries and Galloway for just £65,000 in 1997. They have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning it from a ruin into a stylish castle home. The fortress is reputed to have been used by leader of the Scottish Protestant Reformation John Knox as a hiding place. The castle now has rooms over four floors as well as stunning sea views over Wigtown Bay.
Photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world. One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo. Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River. Pro-Russian rebels are also pictured during a ceremony in war torn Donetsk.
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. The lawsuit had been expected. Attorneys for Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death suit would be filing'soon'
Ilha de Mana boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water, with air-conditioned rooms to beat the Brazilian heat. Located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, the private island can accommodate eight guests. Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
Richard Symonds, 29, who goes by online name 'Chase me ladies, I'm the Cavalry', is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction' Mr Symonds' decision was also criticised by other Wikipedia activists, who warned that the site should not be used to 'play politics'
Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008  including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign, official records show. Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe  the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service' The firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
Psychologist Ramani Durvasula says that shopping at or assembling furniture from IKEA can be a serious source of friction between a couple. 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time they assembled furniture together, according to a report by CivicScience. The more complicated the assembly, the more likely you and your partner will be at odds.
Ellie Laing has hit back at an article in The Australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young, white and female. Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists. While Carroll denies  he is hiring based on these standards, many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill. 'Never mind the fact that I work damned hard,' Laing wrote in an open letter.
Willa Junior fell asleep while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13 and woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head. The airport worker, who appears to be in his early 20s according to Facebook, wouldn't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice. His first move was to call his company, Menzies Aviation, which provides baggage services for airlines. But the person who answered the call at the office thought it was a prank call and just hung up. Desperately, Junior next called 911 - but
U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home after she protected him in Afghanistan in 2012. Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47. Her comrades rushed her back for emergency surgery during which she had her leg amputated as the cost for saving them.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria. The sculpture depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. Mr Cook put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun' The 59-year-old says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older. When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder. Hackers can't get access to this folder even with access to the kernel, but they can collect scans immediately from the fingerprint sensor. They have not yet tested it on other Android smartphones with built-in fingerprint scanners, including the Galaxy Note 4, Note Edge and Huawei Ascend Mate 7.
Elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern China. Using only ropes and wooden poles, more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free the wild Asian elephant. It took three hours and without any heavy machinery their efforts were finally rewarded when the elephant was dragged out of the swamp.
One of the Hillsborough samaritans has come forward after an appeal was launched to identify fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. Photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed in the tragedy were released, with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward. They form part of an ongoing Home Office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster which claimed the lives of 96 Liverpool fans.
Aaron and Jade Badland were too drunk to remember what they had done. Mr Badland, 24, a bomb disposal officer in the Engineering Regiment, was wearing his Army uniform during the drunken attack alongside his 29-year-old bride. Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel. The major benefit is that hydrogen could now be used more easily as a way to store energy from renewable sources like wind and solar. This, for example, would make hydrogen fuel cells for cars much more economical. The team are in discussions with a number of energy companies about utilising this technology on a large scale.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of the Class A drug to the policeman in November 2013. The detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as Revins has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead. Revins admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail.
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. Eats a combination of one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast, followed by a green juice and handful of almonds mid morning. For lunch, she has grilled chicken, grilled vegetables and quinoa and then tops up with a protein bar late afternoon. For dinner she prepares a meal of sashimi of grilled chicken with a kale and cashew salad.
Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12. More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512. Unison handed over £311,875, USDAW £300,480 and Len McCluskeys Unite a further £112,000.
The body of Anne Jarmain, 86, was found at 7pm on Wednesday; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater. Her family and friend are in shock, with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet,'strong-willed' woman to stay at home. The state's worst storms in a decade have ripped through Sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the Hunter region.
PM posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at Pirate FM. He told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks, including the Prime Minister of Finland. Selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm, allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking.
Julie Ronayne had a hysterectomy at Liverpool Women's Hospital in 2008. She was left 'looking like Michelin man' after contracting a dangerous infection. Her husband Edward was awarded £9,000 in compensation for nervous shock. He claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife swell up. The NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. The magazine retracted an article about sexual violence at U.Va. after the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism issued a scathing report this month concluding Rolling Stone had failed to meet journalistic standards. The article's author, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, has previously apologized, saying she would not repeat the same mistakes.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients. Uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask, which supposedly quenches the skin. Other recipes suggest alternatives to everything from cleansers to foot creams.
A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents. The discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid Bill to speak while their countries were doing official business with the State Department during Hillary's tenure. 'Add your name if you agree Hillary Clinton should return all money raised from foreign nation!' Ted Cruz said in a Facebook post soliciting names for a petition urging the non-profit to give back
Police in Red Rock, Texas, are investigating claims of excessive force after an officer was caught on camera throwing an intoxicated woman to the ground during an arrest. The officer, Ben Johnson, was answering reports of a drunk woman inside Deluxe Nails at a strip mall on Tuesday. When he arrived, he contained 27-year-old Viviana Keith, who was walking toward her car, and began handcuffing her. Johnson claims the woman started resisting him, forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down, however video taken on his cash cam and by a person in a nearby shop appear to show a different story
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, went into remission around same time. They then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of Miss Williamss bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar. But these were reported for being offensive by someone who knew them. Miss Williams was cleared of Hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month.
Stephen Munden, 54, has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday. He was last seen leaving a hospital, near Hook, Hampshire. Munden was detained under the Mental Health Act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl. He is described as about 5ft 8ins tall, of a heavy build, and has dark hair.
Australian PM Tony Abbott says EU must 'urgently' follow his lead. EU leaders will hold a crisis summit in Brussels today to agree a strategy. Up to 900 were killed when a fishing boat from Libya capsized. Italian PM Matteo Renzi said his country was at war with migrant traffickers.
Students at Goldsmiths, University of London, were invited to meeting. Organiser Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women. She wrote on Facebook: 'If youre a man and/or white PLEASE DONT COME just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a BME Women and non-binary event only' Union eventually backed down after a backlash from students.
President Barack Obama invited the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots to the White House on Thursday. He opened his speech by remarking 'that whole (deflategate) story got blown out of proportion,' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs used in the AFC Championship game were under-inflated. Obama also quipped that he wished Chicago could learn something from Boston's championship-winning ways. The Patriots assembled behind him groaned. Coach Bill Belichick, who is notoriously humorless, responded by giving the president a thumbs down.
Photos show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting. But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat. Stephen, the 18-year-old, 2.2metre tall bear, was rescued by his owner Yuriy Panteleenko, who found him barely alive.
The $45.2billion deal would have merged Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million. The new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers. The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers.
Travelling by private jet is a growing trend, with 2.5 million private flights recorded in the US in 2013 (the latest statistics) and 705,000 in Europe. The busiest weekends unsurprisingly occur during huge sporting events, with the Super Bowl in America and the Monaco Grand Prix the priciest times of year to fly. Website The Richest has compiled a list of the most expensive airports for landing fees, based on the 767-400 aircraft.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, can reduce their risk of death once they have been diagnosed with breast cancer by having their ovaries removed. Having an oophorectomy was associated with a significant drop of 62 per cent in breast cancer death in women with the mutation. Researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes. Nearly half (345) underwent oophoresctomy after their diagnosis.
Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian Langlais. John Winkler and Laura Martinez considered themselves Adrian's grandparents, even though they weren't blood related to the little boy. In a heartbreaking interview with the Star-Telegram, the couple said they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall and say the mother ignored them when they voiced concern. Eventually, they reported Adrian's injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's parents or Tyrrell. A little over a month
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. The elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old. But at a whopping 200lbs, Ms Fritz struggled to reciprocate the hug. Elephant seal pups are abandoned by their mothers at just one month to learn how to take care of themselves.
Hello is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. When a user receives a call Hello shows them info about whos calling, even if they dont have that number saved. Hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users.
A Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina, an ancient brachiopod found all over the world. It is hoped that this research will help to more accurately classify various species.
The four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost Dinnigan $4.45 million back in 2009. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres of prime Paddington real estate. The international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be'very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary', said selling agent Ben Collier. The couple share their meticulously crafted home with children 10-year-old Estella and three-year -old Hunter. This comes as the fashion designer sold her multi-million dollar Palm Beach
New book claims King Juan-Carlos had a decade-long affair with a German socialite. It also claims he contemplated divorcing Queen Sofia in order to marry her. But King Felipe and Queen Letizia put on a united front during visit to university.
The Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close, Salisbury. It backs onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral. The property agents say they'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres. But it's nothing compared to the £23.1million that the Tate paid in 2013 for the painting.
Boris Johnson admits he hopes to be considered to lead Conservative Party. London Mayor insists position would not become vacant for five years. Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party, most recently by David Cameron.
The initiative, dubbed Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (Nexss), will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale. Since the launch of the Kepler space telescope six years ago, more than 1,000 exoplanets have been found, with thousands of additional candidates waiting to be confirmed. Nasa has set up a website for the public called Planet Hunters which allows anyone to search the data gathered by Kepler. Scientists are also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds and search for signs of life.
The video was filmed at an undisclosed location in China. The woman demanded that the man pay compensation for her damaged phone. Despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses. The shocking exchange was filmed by a witness and it had since gone viral on Chinese social media.
Bethune-Cookman University student Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. Students who were with Parks, who were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year, said no hazing was involved. The university is investigating into hazing, while Volusia County Beach Safety Ocean Rescue is assisting with toxicology and witness statements.
Cleveland's Variety Theater was once a buzzing music venue but was closed down after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig in 1984. The 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of Metallica, the Dead Kennedy's and R.E.M. before Motorhead's fatal performance on December 2 1984. Two years later a judge ordered the theater to be sealed off for good. Since then it has stayed abandoned and hidden from public eye until now, thirty years later, a photographer has captured a collection of eery images.
Unite boss Len McCluskey has boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour party and its policies. The boast comes only 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labours budget. The arrogant claim by the former Scottish first minister, who is running as an SNP candidate, was featured on the front page of yesterday's Mail. Labour received a £300,000 boost from a company owned by Egyptian tycoon Aseem Allam.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. Prime customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options. Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked.
The 30-second clip opens with the 65-year-old former decathlete greeting Sawyer at his home. Bruce - the ex-husband of Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner - appears somewhat anxious as he tells the Sawyer: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it' The video then shoots to footage of Bruce's older children; Burt, 36 and Casey, 34, along with Brandon, 33, and Brody, 31. It ends with Bruce looking to the future, and asking how his'story' will end.
SNP leader said predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance. The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home.
Of the 3,700 women who served at Nazi death camps, just three were investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. They are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished. Those'merciless' women traded femininity, motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of Hitler's Third Reich. They include Charlotte S. a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her Alsatian dog.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women. This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men. Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95. Other examples highlighted on the website, which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd and unexplained price difference.
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his white Audi A5 outside the entrance of the dealership in Chelmsford, Essex, in February as a warning to other buyers. Two months later and Mr Beefnah's protest is still there, with the owner claiming that Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car. Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix cars with the issue free of charge. But he intends to keep his car parked outside the dealership until his civil case is resolved.
Institute for Fiscal Studies analysed policies of all the main parties. It said none of the major parties had given 'anything like full details' Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about their deficit reduction plan. Labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra £26billion-a-year.
Stefania La Greca is running for local elections in Campania, southern Italy. The 36-year-old has posted dozens of pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis. She is standing for the Lega Sud Ausonia party which wants independence. But she has denied using her looks to get votes and defended her pictures.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called Islamic State. He has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who seem to spend too much time online. Hussain, who used to live at home with his mother and has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride, accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline.
Andrew Stewart Wood, of Havant, Hampshire, was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the Hard Rock Hotel in the Universal theme park resort in the early hours of Tuesday. A guest reportedly told a security guard at the luxury hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent, began shouting and would not cooperate. Police removed Wood from the premises after he refused to stay in his room. He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs, Utah. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband. She rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, from Latvia, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose. Mr Berdalis said: 'I was just thinking "I hope I land somewhere soft and don't break any bones".'
Foreskin facials, also known as HydraFacials, are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in New York. Described as a'multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles, reverse sun damage, lighten dark spots, and prevent acne', the key ingredient is the somewhat bizarre stem cell from an infant's foreskin.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables. Originally a Japanese invention, it allows people to create low-calorie, low-carb pasta, noodles and rice from everyday fruit and vegetables, in less time than it takes to peel a potato.
Louise Van Ryn fears for her safety after her letterbox was firebombed. Her husband Maurice has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences. He is now allowed to sell his property to support his wife and pay off debts. He pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade. A young woman who was subjected to years of abuse by the former Bega Cheese boss has told a court of the severe impact it had on her life.
Meghan Blalock is the Managing Editor of popular style website Who What Wear. In a new article published on her website, the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin. Meghan says she is now a healthy size eight, regularly does yoga and tries to 'feel nothing but positive feelings'
Rhiannon Taylor, 29, from Australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business, launching a website called 'In Bed With' The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram, liking her beautiful photos of her travels, the places she stays and the food she eats. She has travelled everywhere from Indonesia to the U.S. and Mexico to document great hotels.
The 28-year-old Girls star has penned an essay for Seventeen magazine titled Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life She recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance. 'I was a bona fide weirdo in high school,' she wrote. 'My best friend was my dad. (Still is.) I wore my yellow rubber clogs every day'
The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night. American John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's daily lives were destroyed. Mr Moore's images earned him the top gong, as well as first place in the Current Affairs category.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria. It means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight. He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen which blocks out the light. But when strangers shouted out abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more.
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook, Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way, for New Mums, Babies and Toddlers. The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin A for babies. The Dieticians Association of Australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies. It comes after Evans' recently shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis.
France recently passed a law that bars models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is deemed too low. Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed in an op-ed for the New York Observer that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations. She noted that models are being asked to wear Spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags, so they can clock in at a 'healthy' weight.
Tories have 36 per cent of the vote compared to Labour's 32 per cent. Ukip has ten per cent and Lib Dems eight per cent, with Greens on five. One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back. Men more inclined to consider voting for the Conservatives than women.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago. The fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside Neanderthal camps. The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there. Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests particularly indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire. The pair appeared before Fremantle Magistrate's Court last Friday and were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fine. The French men opted to serve the seven days in Hakea prison rather than pay the $4000 fine, as they did not have sufficient funds. The men were released at 11.30 am on Thursday morning after entering
Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal. The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, with traffic backed up as a result. Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner.
Out of 17 bingo halls tested, seven had traces of cocaine in toilets. One venue, in Hengrove Leisure Park, Bristol, also found traces of crack. Venues let players as young as 18 in, but majority of visitors are elderly. News comes as hospital figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly. 634 pensioners over 65 were treated for substance abuse last year.
Janet Street-Porter is fed up with surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy. She reveals her list of things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day. Janet remains baffled by pay-by-phone car parking, what's wrong with cash?
Adele Adkins, 26, has twice the wealth of her nearest competitors, the four remaining members of One Direction, plus recently departed Zayn Malik, who are worth £25million each. Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the years biggest rise, with a £13million boost taking his fortune to £20million. Sir Paul McCartney, 72, and his wife Nancy Shevell, 55, top the list of the richest musicians overall for another year.
David Petraeus was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for leaking classified material to his mistress Paula Broadwell. The former U.S. Army General was not accompanied by his wife Holly to the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday. He told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him 'for the pain my actions caused' Critics have noted that in other cases concerning government leaks, defendants have received far harsher punishments.
Clarence David Moore escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. Moore was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison. While working with a road crew in the Asheville area, he escaped and was recaptured in 1971. He escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in Texas in 1975. His third escape from a Henderson County prison was Aug. 6, 1976. On Monday, after he called police, he was taken
The shocking images were taken in ISIS-held territory in the province of Homs. They show the two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis. Huge, bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple and telling them they were forgiven of their'sins'
Chris Christie appeared on the Tonight Show Wednesday evening, and wasted no time calling out Jimmy Fallon for the weight jokes made about him. After Fallon told Governor Christie he 'looked great,' the New Jersey politician asked him; 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' Then, to make amends, Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream. Fallon however pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream, at which point Christie took the treat for himself, slowly moving away. Christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming
To mark its 10th anniversary, Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of Ultimate Safari adventures. The grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken separately, or as an epic world tour over 203 days.
The bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit. But it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the West Midlands. Mystery surrounds who had re-pointed the camera, but a spokesman for Birmingham City Council said they were aware of it.
The 14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire, was arrested last weekend. He is said to have incited an Australian teenager, Sevdet Besim, to behead, run over or shoot a police officer in a 'Lee Rigby style' massacre during a ceremony for fallen soldiers. Five other men have also been arrested by Australian counter-terrorism officers. The boy appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today to answer two charges of inciting terrorism overseas, which both date between March 15 and 26 this year.
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs. Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals and kept her fed with unhealthy foods. But Josh has admitted he didn't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer, she wouldn't need him anymore.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, the report from the Center for Immigration Studies said. Net immigration will steadily increase over the next 45 years, totaling at 64million. By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country.
Curtis Stone and his wife Lindsay have two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months. The celebrity chef says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food. The 39-year-old is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds. It could also lead to better predictions of lightning activity.
Andrew Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of his wife, Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol. A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday. Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. Steele had been diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June. The couple had two children, and had been together for 26 years.
Britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne. Now that's all changing as sales have overtaken for the first time. Prosecco comes from a particular area of north-eastern Italy,spanning the Veneto and Friuli regions.
Andrew Hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic. He also assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford between 2011 and 2013. The 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month. It has since emerged that an earlier complaint about the nurse was made to bosses at Oxford University Hospitals Trust. In 2009 a student nurse reported Hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital. The hospital didn't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint.
Identical twins start life with the same genes because they come from the same fertilised egg which divides into two embryos. But as they age different life experiences, such as smoking or diet, create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the DNA. Researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. The more hydrogen bonds present in DNA, the higher the temperature needed to melt them. The breakthrough may eradicate a stumbling block which has often meant it was impossible to tell which of the pair was guilty of a crime.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled. Comments follow arrest of 24-year-old student Sid Ahmed Ghlam on Sunday. Ghlam allegedly had armoury of weapons including Kalashnikov assault rifles. Arrest came hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33, in Paris suburb. DNA evidence also reportedly links Ghlam to the murder of Ms Chatelains.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted for the first time in more than five decades on Wednesday. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption. The volcano is believed to be among the three most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes, but was not under any special observation before it erupted. The eruption sent a huge plume of gas and ash soaring into the atmosphere which was visible from up to 100 miles away.
Jamelia said obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their size. Added that high street stores should not be catering for them. The panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views. Now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20.
Carl Bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze, which was started by a candle in his Palmerston North rental property last month. The 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm. He has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein. His family have created a crowdfunding page to help him get his life back on track.
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years. The charities' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments. Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton, who is seeking the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, vulnerable to undue influence. Her campaign team calls these claims 'absurd conspiracy. theories'
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna Lou. He was told she had dementia and Alzheimers and could not consent. But medical tests could not conclusively prove they had recently had sex. Another patient in a bed nearby said she heard noises that day. But she was unsure whether they had had intercourse or not. He argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact. Jurors acquitted the Iowa lawmaker following a trial.
DJ Pete Tong will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' Will reinterpret 'club classics' such as Music Sounds Better With You by Stardust and Rhythm Is Rhythm's Strings Of Life. Proms director Edward Blakeman said it was a 'natural' move to celebrate 20 years of dance on Radio 1.
Quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Earthquakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas. Study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern US with increased rates of induced seismicity.
Alison Saunders said she was 'not afraid' of a legal challenge over her decision. She is convinced the Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. But she refused to quit because'making the right decision is not a resigning issue' Victims and leading politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with her ruling.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas set alarm bells ringing yesterday. He declared the country had been 'running on empty' since February. Greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a ¬200m payment to the International Monetary Fund. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is expected to appeal to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for more aid to avoid going bust.
Canadian Jake Malone, 60, met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. She contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit. But after turning up at her company's address, he discovered the office had been closed for years. Mr Malone now walks the streets of Shenzhen, South China, with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso.
Anika Stanford is helping police with the murder case against her son. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Stephanie Scott. Ms Scott, 26, was buried in an emotional funeral on Wednesday. She disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in the Cocoparra National Park.
US alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste. Production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in Oregon. It will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services. The company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina as her father worked on his boat on Wednesday but when he checked on the girl 'after a brief moment', she was gone. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl. Authorities launched sea, land and air searches with the help of Kemah, Nassau Bay, Seabrook police and the U.S. Coast Guard. Dive teams searched the water for more than seven hours on Wednesday evening, while teams used sonar equipment to comb the water. On Thursday morning, the Kemah police announced that
Virtual studio DesignCrowd invited people to submit before and after graphics of some of the most well known landscapes. Nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high Eiffel Tower in Paris. The absence of the giant tower left the landscape feeling bare and flat, although it did allow for views from the Trocadéro Gardens, through to the Champ de Mars.
Darren Jones was due to take part in a live TV debate on Made in Bristol. The 28-year-old was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs. The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience members. He then fell to the studio floor before the programme went on air. An ambulance was called and the programme was delayed for nine minutes. Mr Jones said he had not been feeling well for a while before fainting.
Ivan Balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk. He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top. But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit. Police found his selfie on a phone in the store and immediately recognised him. He was found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault, unlawful contact with a minor, sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy. Investigators found 41 videos from the hidden camera that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered. The videos were captured over a three- or four-year time period.
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago. It was a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain. The 46-year-old believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote when she was 15. She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection.
James May, Richard Hammond and Andy Wilman pictured outside Clarkson's flat. It was their first public appearance together since presenter was axed last month. Earlier today, May ruled out returning to hit motoring show without Clarkson. Said it would be 'lame' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host. Added that the BBC would be stupid to try a version of the programme with 'a surrogate Jeremy', Hammond and himself.
The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-­Corsage brooch, which was presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain. Overall, the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million.
Koby Hodder, 10, suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed in the school playground. His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed. Doctors were able to save his life by giving him two shocks with a defibrillator. He was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, a former Bolton Wanderers player. Koby, who turned 11 two weeks ago, was rushed to Doncaster Royal Infirmary. Just as he seemed to be improving, he suffered another attack and was transferred to Leeds General infirmary Paediatric Intensive Care Unit. Doctors fitted him
Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after'someone' was run down. But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been run over by a car. East of England ambulance service released list of 1,248 'inappropriate' calls. Front-line crews have attended half of the phoney calls, believing them to be genuine emergencies.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, has been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter. She allegedly shot her husband, Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Crespi, in September during a heated argument about his infidelity. She claims the killing was self-defense after he punched their 19-year-old son in the face after he intervened in the couple's argument. But the late mayor's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving she is a cold-blooded killer. The mayor's mother filed a $53 million lawsuit last fall in which she calls Crespa a 'cold-blooded
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft in Cancun, Mexico. Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. Luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient after getting drunk. He allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of Julio Iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts. The woman, known as Patient A, told a hearing considering Dr Jawads fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring, she took a bottle of vodka from her native Poland as a gift.
The celebrity doctor didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics. 'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted  sensational headlines and sound bites,' said Oz. The 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when the doctors sent a letter to the university where Oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at College of Physicians. The doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine
All the land in the lower 48 states was worth a combined $23trillion in 2009. Washington DC had the greatest land value, with a staggering $1,050,000 per acre. Northeastern states including New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts all have per acre values above $100,000. California was the most valuable state overall at $3.9trillion while Vermont was worth only $44billion.
Dutch natural scientist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric. In 1677, at the age of 41, he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment, using his body as a guinea pig. He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and did not bathe for six days.
The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who was absent. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese. George also didn't hesitate to speak his mind, even if it was unscripted and, at times, controversial, said Seattle Archbishop J. Peter Sartain. Hundreds of clergy from around the country, plus Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner joined lay Catholics at Thursday's services. George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer.
Mysterious cardboard signs have appeared in the Surrey village of Milford. Written in black marker pen they read 'please forgive me' and 'we need to talk' The signs have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author. Do you know who wrote the mysterious signs or do you believe they are about you? Email flora.drury@mailonline.co.uk.
The classic Anzac biscuit recipe features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup as the primary ingredients. FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic biscuit. From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe. Bake one or all of these recipes this weekend, and decide for yourself...
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their home in June 2001. She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility. Russell 'Rusty' Yates, who has since remarried and has a five-year-old son, slammed her murder trial as the 'cruelest thing I have ever witnessed' He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children
English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs being able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland with MPs north of the border having no say. Mr Cameron said a Conservative government would have the new system in place in time for the first budget of the new parliament in March 2016. Plan is likely to trigger a row with Labour, which opposes the idea of an English veto.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday. One of the extras, Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony, said the film was offensive towards Native American women. Anthony said that though the film is about the Apache, extras were dressed more like Comanche, with braids and chokers. The cultural adviser meanwhile asked to speak to Sandler according to one extra, but was refused, and when that extra, Goldie Tom, later complained, she was told; 'It's in the script and we are not going to change it
Paul Guzman of Fairfield, California, the father of 8-year-old Brock Guzman, took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife Suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing. Paul claims he was getting ready to drive Brock to school when he left the sleeping boy in the car to run inside and grab something. While inside, someone stole the car, and he and his wife immediately called officers. When they arrived on the scene they said Suzanne refused to let them in, and that they thought appeared to be blood inside the home. That is when Suzanne reportedly grew belligerent
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a National Association for the Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from the institution he has been at since shooting President Reagan in 1981. Scott went on to describe his brother and his new girlfriend as'somewhat compatible,' though he admitted he had not met the woman. His mother Joan has been introduced to her son's girlfriend.
Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein for a decade. He was so smitten with her that he considered divorcing his wife. The affair is said to have ended in 2014 when Juan Carlos abdicated. Final De Partida  or End Game  by Ana Romero sold out within 24 hours.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales worst storm in a decade. The crocodile at the bottom of the steps in Lewisham station was merely an imaginative prank, as was a reused Photoshop snap of sharks swimming. The video of a wave rider surfing in front of Sydneys Opera House was nothing but a hoax  even when it started trending for a second time.
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his reporter girlfriend. First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating Monique Dirksz at the time. She was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when he was released on bail. The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth. Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about fellow former West Coast Eagles player Daniel Kerr.
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam is a former minister and the late Muammar Gaddafi's cousin. About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters, south of the Italian island of Lampedusa, on Sunday. He said the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya 'has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011'
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt. The video - filmed April 19 - quickly garnered dozens of 'Likes' on Facebook, with one commenter musing: 'Heavy bags need big muscles'
£80,000 Porsche 911 Carrera crushed by builder's lorry in Nottingham. Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured. Witness said: 'You've got to feel for the man, it was a really nice car' No life-threatening injuries reported and cyclist taken to hospital with leg injury.
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer after being unable to swallow. He had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital. Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. Medics then replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm. The only drawback is that it still has hairs on it, and he has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved.
Poet Rupert Brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in April 1915. The letters are part of the John Schroder collection, which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by King's College, Cambridge. Brooke became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as The Soldier.
Mark West, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012. He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' The girl admitted as such to police also, telling them  she encouraged West to have sex. The judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl  graduated, which would have made their encounter legal.
'I couldn't imagine that' happening, former SS Sgt. Oskar Groening told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial. He is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. The 93-year-old's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs. On Wednesday Groening described how so many Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp at once that he was put on a 24-hour shift guarding the ramp where they disembarked.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University. But only 6 million tonnes was recycled properly in the countries of origin. Broken televisions, computers, microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to west-African countries like Ghana. Brokers fraudulently label the items as'reusable' so they are transported to remote locations where locals can buy them directly. Young men sift through the mountains of scraps in landfills like Agbogbloshie in Ghana hoping to find something worth selling.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea. Davis, who once bragged of cutting Shea's head off, claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates. The parole board cited those accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in March last year. Gov. Jerry Brown rejected that decision in August, saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings and Davis' lack of insight into the crimes.
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans. The largest German bank will pay $775 million in penalties to the Justice Department, $800 million to the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, $600 million to New York Department of Financial Services and $344 million to Britain's Financial Conduct Authority.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. From child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light to golden Hollywood stars that have greyed with time. From Britney Spears to Johnny Depp, here are the stars who have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries.
Dave Lee Travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman in September. The 69-year-old was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. At a costs application hearing today, the former radio presenter was awarded travel and hotel fees for when he was on trial. His lawyer said the criminal proceedings against his client had left him 'financially ruined'
Gang of eight rented a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China at the start of February. While the restaurant was serving snacks, the gang was digging their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda. The temple dates back to the Tang Dynasty and is nationally protected. The gang was just 20 metres away from breaching the pagoda when they were caught. Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three are now on the run.
Ruben Blundell, 6, helped deliver his little brother Theo, who was four days overdue. His mother Michelle Madden, 30, of Rhos on Sea, Conwy, Wales, went into labour in the middle of the night. Left with no time to get to the hospital, the family had to deliver the baby at home. Ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe.
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but were later released. Several people at the couple's home tried to stop Griner and Johnson, who is 6'3", from fighting after an argument turned physical. Johnson's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room. Griner told police officers that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot.
Joan Cheever, an attorney and trained chef, founded The Chow Train non-profit organization in 2005. Cheever has spent the past decade feeding the homeless from the back of her charity food truck. On April 7, San Antonio police officers issued a $2,000 fine to Cheever for serving meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact. City officials stated that Cheever was cited for failing to adhere to long-standing regulations that are in place to ensure public health and safety'
Schoolgirl's drink was spiked with hydrochloric acid during a science lesson. The teenager was left needing urgent medical treatment after she downed the potentially lethal liquid at Hounsdown School in Southampton. The girl avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance as a result of the quick thinking actions of staff. An investigation was immediately launched into the incident.
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday accused of encouraging the death of her friend Conrad Roy III. Her lawyers are trying to have her case moved out of Bristol County, saying it's 'impossible' for her to receive a fair trial in the area because the District Attorney is the victim's third cousin. Authorities claim Carter, of Plainville, texted with Roy minutes before he killed himself in the parking lot of a Fairhaven Kmart on July 13, 2014. Police and prosecutors say the pair exchanged more than 1,000 text messages in the days leading up to his death.
Aldi gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door. The store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, was officially opened at 8am this morning. More than 200 people were found queueing outside the store. Former Derby County player Craig Ramage cut the ribbon at the event.
South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18. The first hearing would focus on Clinton's use of private emails, and the second on the September 2012 attacks that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya. Clinton has twice testified before Congress on the Benghazi matter, telling lawmakers in 2013 that she takes responsibility for missteps by the State Department in the months leading up to the assault.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, said. Security tracked Hughes as he approached the Capitol last week after taking off from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. A 'judgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, Chaffetz said. Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., said officials were concerned about injuring people on the ground if an attempt was made to shoot down Hughes.
Jules Bianchi, 25, remains in a coma after a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in October 2014. Marussia driver sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Suzuka Circuit. Philippe Bianchi has spoken of the pain his family have felt every day since the accident.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by victim Shelley Williams. The 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink. Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day. Temple was jailed for 20 months after she admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot in the 57th minute to give his side the lead against Monaco. Ricardo Carvalho had given away the penalty after appearing to make contact with Alvaro Morata in the area. Andrea Pirlo had been out for seven weeks with a calf injury before he was called upon to start this quarter-final tie. Carlos Tevez, who has scored six goals in the Champions League, dropped off in search of the ball.
Bristol City are on the brink of promotion after two seasons in League One. Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of the table. Owner Steve Lansdown has backed the club to the hilt with his own personal fortune. City will become the first Football League club to clinch promotion this year if they beat Bradford at Valley Parade on Tuesday.
Thousands of sobbing students and teachers prayed and comforted one another on Georgia Southern University's campus Thursday night. College juniors Emily Clark, Morgan Bass, Abbie Deloach, Catherine Pittman and Caitlyn Baggett perished early Wednesday morning on their way to school. Fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. Driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck.
Jay Dasilva, the eldest of the three children, who left Luton Towns academy to make the 100-mile round trip, three or fours times a week, in their mum Alison's Rover. Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season. Two years ago Nathaniel Chalobah was among the most talented teenagers in the country when he spent a season on loan with Watford.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the campaign on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham. The 31-year-old's last start in the Premier League came against Aston Villa on November 2. Since then he has pocketed £3.4million in wages at White Hart Lane. He has scored just twice - in the 4-0 victory over QPR on August 24 and the defeat by Newcastle on October 26 - under their new head coach Mauricio Pochettino. This is the final year that Manchester City will make a contribution to his salary.
A state prisons official says Hernandez, 25, was moved Wednesday to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. Hernandez had been at Cedar Junction prison in Walpole since he was convicted April 15 of killing 27-year-old Odin Lloyd in 2013. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee. On the same day as Hernandez's relocation, Lloyd's mother, Ursula Ward, said she will call Hernandez as a witness in the civil suit against him.
Robert Downey Jnr, 50, was interviewed by Krishnan Guru-Murthy for Channel 4 in London to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron. As arranged, he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster, which premiered in Britain on Tuesday. But he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer Krishnan began asking about his long-conquered personal demons. Specifically, the news anchor asked Downey Jr to explain a comment in a five year-old interview with the New York Times, in which he said: 'You can't go from a $2,000-a-night suite at
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday. They called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events. The lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' Brown, 18, was unarmed and walking in the street with a friend on August 9 when Wilson told them
Middlesbrough beat Rotherham United 2-0 in the Championship on Saturday. Lee Tomlin opened the scoring with a fine solo effort in the 50th minute. Patrick Bamford doubled the Teesiders' lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish. However, the on loan Chelsea star failed to add to his tally late on when he saw his penalty saved.
Nigerian Muslims on a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees became angry when one Christian passenger began praying for his life. One of the Muslims ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah' When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the Muslim refugees. Italian police arrested 15 people suspected of the killing including Ousmane Camar from the Ivory Coast.
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful. He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley. 'Im Mayas best friend and I come from her world when she first landed in Los Angeles before she became the huge success that she is,' he said.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team. The former Real Madrid defender won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos, lifting the famous trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they've made his team. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage with owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. The Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons who replaced Felix Magath in September but has won only one of his last eight games. Khan, a billionaire who also owns NFL franchise Jacksonville Jaguars in America, has given his new chief football officer Mike Rigg the power to choose Fulham's next manager.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick in Crystal Palace's 4-1 win over Sunderland. Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has kept six clean sheets since replacing Wojciech Szczesny. West Brom's players wore multicoloured boots on 'Jeff Astle day' Aston Villa striker Christian Bentke has scored 16 goals in 16 games.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford following Saturday's 3-1 defeat by Morecambe. The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning. Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge of the team ahead of the clash with Stevenage tomorrow.
Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 24-year-old has helped the Blues win the Capital One Cup and put them on the brink of a first Premier League title since 2010. Hazard said of his award success: 'I'm very happy. One day I want to be the best and what I did this season is play very well, Chelsea played very well'
Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona in a 2-0 win over Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday. Luis Suarez opened the scoring after just 56 seconds with a first-time finish. Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute but Claudio Bravo saved the spot-kick. Messi added a second goal in stoppage time to seal the victory. The victory sees Barcelona move five points away from Real Madrid, who take on Malaga.
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. It was there that he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough. Baders life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky in 1956 starring Kenneth More. This latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Radamel Falcao has yet to score against the top level Premier League teams, with his meagre return coming in games against Everton, Aston Villa, Stoke City and Leicester City. The United forward was schooled here, denied space and room to breathe by the constant, intimidating presence of Chelseas captain John Terry. He looked like a man short of match fitness, the usual sharpness that is expected of a player in a game like this.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday. A letter from Hammersmith and Fulham council outlines Chelsea's plan for their victory parade on May 25. The parade would start around 12pm and should finish around 1pm.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at a casino. She befriended the poker player, who showered her with gifts and cash. But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside. They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Following a trial at the Old Bailey, Granger was found guilty of Mr Hassan's manslaughter by a majority - but not guilty of murder. She was sentenced to 16 years
Robert Clark is one of Britain's oldest surviving prisoners of war. He was captured by the Nazis in the North African city of Tobruk in 1942. He spent the rest of the war in prison camps in Poland, before being forced to join the 'death match' in 1945. Now a great-great grandfather, he is registered blind, deaf in one ear, is dependent on a wheelchair and has suffered from severe anxiety. For the past two years he has used his savings to pay towards the £960-a-week cost of a live-in carer, while Brent Council contributed £350 per week. But
Juan Cuadrado arrived at Chelsea for £23m from Fiorentina. Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal for Manchester City this season. Mauro Zarate has failed to make an impression at QPR. Filip Djuricic is yet to play a full 90 minutes for Southampton.
Human Harvest: Chinas Organ Trafficking will show how researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour - began to uncover the gory details. The pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in China, and it's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors. They believe the organs come from members of the Falun Gong movement  a quasi-religious group with millions of followers, which is banned by the Chinese Government. This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year, yet there are
Philippe Coutinho is on the PFA Player of the Year shortlist. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Coutinho described it as the 'ultimate honour' to speak to Brazil icon Pele. The 22-year-old signed a new long-term contract at the beginning of February.
There have been empty seats at St James' Park recently as fans let their feelings about Mike Ashley be known. Ashley looks after the money, obsessing over the finances at his business empire, which includes SportsDirect, Tesco and his football club in the north east. Last year his group made more than £500m. The biggest motivation in Ashleys life is to make money, something reflected in Newcastle's latest accounts, which are showing another decent profit and £34m in the bank.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid played out a goalless draw at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and saved. Jan Oblak is proving patience is a virtue for Diego Simeone. Gareth Bale didn't work hard enough and didn't have the desired impact. Mario Mandzukic doesn't play for Liverpool... yet.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the Yorktown - a retired carrier in Charleston, South Carolina. Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born. The three friends had an emotional first meeting on the retired war ship during a recent visit to Charleston.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs, many taken by the troops themselves. Soldiers are seen being hosed down on the deck of the SS River Clyde, a mule is hoisted on board the ship and even the moment a soldier makes the dash across No Man's Land. World leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits to mark the centenary of the disastrous landings.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised Forest since replacing Stuart Pearce in February. Forest made an audacious attempt on the play-off places when Freedman replaced Pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday. John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display. Jose Mourinho said it was Terry's best performance under him. Jamie Carragher said Terry is the best defender to play in the Premier League era.
Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice. Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. Dame NDoye was the star and could have had a hatful but I love the way he took his second goal against Crystal Palace. Newcastle are going to be embarrassed if they dont get a single point between now and the end of the season.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas returned to the stadium for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011. The Spaniard was booed as he operated in a deep role alongside Nemanja Matic. He moved forward after the break into a No.10 role (and removing the protective mask) There were a lot of touches and a lots of boos. He rarely misplaced a pass but when he did the home crowd cheered.
Luka Modric could miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. The Croatian midfielder pulled up in the second half against Malaga on Saturday and tests on Sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee. The news comes as the club wait to assess the full extent of Gareth Bale's calf injury.
Satellite images reveal that China has built an airstrip on disputed territory in the South China Sea. They reveal the country's rapid progress in constructing the runway on the contested Fiery Cross Reef which the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim. Images reveal the reef was virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014 but by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island. China's building activity in the Spratly Islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the United States whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its'military muscle'
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police. The entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above. It is still not known why Shepherd, a father of three with another baby on the way, was fleeing from police or what he was reaching for after he crashed his car.
U.S. President Barack Obama condemned China's land reclamation efforts. He said Beijing was 'using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions' But a furious Chinese leadership has argued that it is Washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle. Newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the Spratly Islands. They claim China is illegally reclaiming the contested area.
Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, has praised her former husband for being 'a champion for those who share the struggle to just be who they are' She tweeted her message of support and pride just hours before Bruce's highly-anticipated  sit down interview with Diane Sawyer is set to air on ABC. It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition.
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban. A report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions' It claimed the dogs are left without food or water in foul smelling conditions and are not given enough exercise. In March the association filed a legal complaint against the St Bernard owners.
US researchers found evidence that living near congested roads can lead to silent strokes which in turn cause shrinkage of the brain and other damage. Study involved more than 900 people aged 60 and over who did not have dementia or a history of strokes. It recorded how far participants lived from major roads and used satellite imagery to assess their exposure to fine particulate matter known as PM2.5.
The list is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia, and measures a country's population by factors contributing to its citizens' contentment. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, the study found, but still ranks in at a relatively lowly 21st place. Despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation, the United States is a full 10 places below Canada. Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war and extreme poverty - with Syria, Burundi and Togo taking their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing. He was attacked by a 16-year-old boy, who thought he was being mocked. His killer, now 17, has been jailed for eight months for manslaughter. His mother, Kim, 43, says her son was a 'cheeky chappy' and 'lots of fun' She said: 'He loved dancing to 'Gangnam Style' and The Shuffle, but that day, it cost him his life'
The eight faculty members wrote the op-ed for USA Today after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians. Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' on his syndicated talk show. But they leap to the physician's defense in the piece, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university. They pointed out that in 2014, the BMJ medical journal said 'that less than half of the recommendations on his show are based
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011. Now in an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children. She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. But police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children for being'mouthy' Last year, the court also saw pages from her journal that detailed her
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack in Rensselaer County on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City. Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of Albany. Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals.
The horse, Charly, was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred. It was broad daylight, and somehow the person managed to spray Charlie without the handlers seeing. Authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible using the tag, which was 'RBS'
Pledge is contained in a home-school agreement which all children must sign before they start at Turnham Primary School in September. Infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations and lifestyles. Each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their responsibilities
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie. That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below. This car, however, is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Maranello.
Fossicker Ashley Manzie found the medal in an east Melbourne park last week. It belonged to Frederick Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. Mr Manzie posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton - Bidulph's great-nephew. Mr Norton thinks the medal doesn't belong to Frederick at all, but to his brother Lewis William BiddULph.
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence for the RTS,S vaccine. Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa. Number of clinical cases of malaria was reduced by 36 per cent after four years. But protection waned over time and boosters worked less well than the initial dose.
Damon Clay, 17, was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping. He is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta. Officers have arrested 19-year-old Quintavious Barber and 18- year-old Malik Morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child. Relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a PlayStation 3.
Anthony Trollope introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France. The first boxes were erected in Jersey as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain. They were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red to make them more visible.
Alexis Douglas was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne in January when a neighbour's pitbull attacked the little girl. The five-year-old needed 50 stitches to her face and still requires treatment for the next three years, which her mother Monique says will cost nearly $10,000. The dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court.
Business leaders have voiced fears over the 'disastrous Tory campaign' They believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering' Said Cameron's role in delivering economic growth had become the 'background noise' of the Conservative campaign when it should have been the focus.
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish. The first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink. So far, a total of seven cute owlets born to two different mother's have been given the colourful makeovers.
Michael Hanline, 69, who was wrongfully imprisoned for 36 years, was dismissed of charges on Wednesday. On the day of his release last November, the moment he ate his first burger after being in prison for decades was captured on video. In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it' As he dug into his meal of a large Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging IS sympathisers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand. Police in New Zealand have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack. Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria. He left in May 2012 despite having his passport cancelled.
Sarah Grimes sued Kristen Saban in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010. Grimes said she suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking. Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself. Grimes told Saban she 'needed to get therapy' because she was a 'psycho'
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight. In her own obituary, she wrote that she 'loved a long run, to sit quietly by the lake, to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children' As for her own life, she hoped to be remembered 'with laughter, love and a good pint'
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined an approach, known in gambling parlance as the Martingale Betting Strategy. The essence being, that if you lose, you have to double your bet until your coins fall right. The traditional game of Two Up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd. It is now legal to be played on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs.
Molly Parks, 24, was found dead in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire on April 16. Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin. Days later, he wrote an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs. He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between £299 to £13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Mr Miliband to become Prime Minister even if he falls far short of a majority. Scottish First Minister said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many MPs David Cameron wins on May 7. Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in latest polls.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from Rhinoplasty at a Bangkok hotel. The 24-year-old is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package. She has been updating her Instagram feed daily, and sharing her progress in a series of Snapchat videos. The hairdresser has over 190,000 Instagram followers and decided to share the experience with fans and 'own' her decision to have cosmetic surgery.
'The president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' press secretary Josh Earnest said. Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore, star of the 2006 global warming documentary an Inconvenient Truth, followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One. There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and the economy and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
Lack of natural daylight is thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young. Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness, but now think it could be down to a lack of natural light while taking part in these activities. Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine.
Mick Schumacher will compete in the Formula 4 category this weekend. The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow. Niki Lauda said: 'Of course, the public will be watching him, thanks to his father, and that is a huge burden for him'
One-year-old Sarina Aziz became agitated on a flight from Israel to Luton. She became agitated after cabin crew asked that she sit on her parents' lap. Ariella and Mark Aziz struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two. Mr Aziz claims another steward, who had not seen the original incident unfold, marched over to him very aggressively Transavia Airlines have said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan. Neal's Yard Remedies has seen sales of its Mahonia Clear Skin Formula go through the roof online from customers there. Mahonia is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years.
More than 50 per cent of participants in a study of 12,000 appeared to want to work for boss Richard Branson. The Department of Immigration ranked third in the survey. Department of Defence and the Department of Health were also named in the top ten places Australians would like to work. Qantas was beaten by Virgin Australia as the top place to work but it still came in fifth place.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had a breast augmentation operation six years ago. Bacteria attacked her breast tissue causing it to die so she was left with one shrivelled, deformed breast and one enlarged by surgery. The retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts, this time as part of TLC show Extreme Beauty Disasters.
Ohio woman, who has chosen to remain anonymous, and her Catholic husband were happy to learn they were expecting last December. In March, they were looking forward to the 20-week anatomy scan, but the woman had a gut feeling something wasn't right. An amniocentesis test showed that the fetus had Triploidy, a chromosomal defect that is 'incompatible with life outside the womb' The fetus also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed just over a pound. At the age of 23 weeks, the average baby is the size
Shaun Smith, 25, and Jason Collins, 22, attacked two men in North Yorkshire. Smith stamped 18 times on victim's head while Collins rained blows on his body. Pair were expected to be jailed for the 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault. Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them. Smith was given a 12 month suspended jail sentence, while Collins received a 12-month community order.
Richard Wilkins, 60, made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary commemorations, to discover more of his grandfather, George William Thomson. He tells how having read excerpts from his "papa's" war diary, lit 'a flame of interest' to learn more of the World War One veteran. 'I've got a 29-year-old son and another who turns 20 on ANZAC Day, those are prime ages to have been over here a century ago, perish the thought,' he said.
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood, Washington store. A man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in, unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun. As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away. When that didn't stop him, she started punching him in the head multiple times. The robber punched Bishop right back, and that's when she said he managed to steal $280 from the cash register. Bishop continued to chase the robber through the strip mall's parking lot, warning people nearby that he had
Youngstown State University student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters, which were hung on around campus earlier this week. The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. University officials are investigating possible student code violations, and disciplinary action may follow.
Heida Reed, 27, stars in the period drama as Poldark's former lover Elizabeth. She said Turner, 31, was being 'objectified' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female. Reed said she knew 'for a fact that [Turner is] completely baffled by the amount of interest' in the popularity of images that show him topless.
The Bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924 and kept on display in Moscow apart from a period in the Second World War. The gruesome job is the responsibility of a team known as the 'Mausoleum group' which, at its peak, involved 200 scientists working in a lab dedicated to the corpse. The Russians prefer to preserve the body's shape, weight, colour and flexibility, rather than biological tissue.
Nigel Farage said he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. But he said claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters from backing him publicly. Mr Farage said the idea that Ukip is racist is based on no evidence whatsoever
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth. The posters were created by the 28-year-old and his colleague Miranda.
Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts ruled out the possibility of his resignation on Friday. He said the investigation is being refined and the picture is getting'sharper and sharper' Gray, who is black, was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away, police said. Officers held him down, handcuffed him and loaded him into a police van. While inside, he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him, police have said. He asked for medical help several times, and after a 30-minute ride that included three stops, paramedics were called. At some point - either during his
The number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people in the last decade. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities. Graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent.
Kim Kardashian was not afraid to discuss the upcoming chat when stopping by Variety's 2015 Power Of Women luncheon in New York City on Friday. 'The family is watching all together with Bruce, so Im literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me,' she said. On Thursday evening Entertainment Tonight reported that Jenner started a gender transition process in the mid-1980s but stopped after he met and fell in love with Kris Kardashian.
The fort was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire. Archaeologists believe the stronghold, which would have been cut off from the land at high tide, may have been one of a number that lined the east coast of Scotland. The fort appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country. Stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, left scarred for life after being knocked down by cyclist. The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead, as well as other facial and hand injuries. Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash.
Timothy Crook is accused of murdering his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83. He is alleged to have driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey Nissan Micra. But the grey car he is said to have used to transport the bodies has been lost. Bristol Crown Court was told the blunder could have forensic consequences.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches. The company is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until all products are ensured to be 100 per cent safe. The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of Jeni's ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln, Nebraska. The action follows a similar recall by Texas-based Blue Bell Creameries on Monday night.
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, according to US government sources. The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial. He is the longest-serving UK resident in the notorious prison camp in Cuba. Mr Aamer has been cleared for release twice, by the Bush administration in 2007 and by Barack Obama in 2009.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013. One of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. The investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son, aspiring professional golfer Nikolai, and two other teenagers. Wheeler opted for a non-jury trial in September which only last one day. He was sentenced by Superior Court Judge Eric M. Davis on Friday, the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in
The worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend, encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses. In the video the girl is seen sucking onto the tube of tortilla flavoured chips. The mickey-taking video has already been watching more than 3.7million times on Facebook in just a day.
Sonia Sharrock watched in horror as her stud farm in Woodberry, in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales rapidly flooded. Her brother-in-law Steve Spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences. The animals' owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her absolutely amazing brother, saying I dont know what I would have done without him and my sister
Soil underneath a slide showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person. Authorities believe that the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park. It is not immediately clear why radiation levels were so high in the park, which opened two years after the Fukushima disaster.
The baby is due on November 1, which is also the date of Ben and Jessa's first wedding anniversary. The couple, who married after a chaste courtship, are well-known for their health-conscious lifestyle and are often seen on the Duggars hit reality series.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years. She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014, and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with Lyle, returned to her. Lyle Jeffs has multiple wives within the sect - nine, according to reports - but Mrs Jeffs is legally married to him and has been since 1983. She says the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren'
'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan said tearfully. Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. Rose has been attending the Battle Creek Catholic Schools her whole entire life and when she was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia her world was turned upside down. The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year.
Dubai-based artist Martin Beck has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour in his latest project called We Can Be Heroes. His subjects look like they can't get over the fact they've had to retire, or like they never quite passed at superhero school. The collection has a total of 20 portraits and fine art limited edition prints, and they're all available to purchase.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless, despite being a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club. He was exposed when Bedford Borough Council staff read an article in The Westmorland Gazette recounting his exploits on a 191-mile hike. Gregory pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly obtaining a blue badge by misrepresenting his physical abilities. He has been fined £795 and ordered to carry out 150 hours of unpaid work.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he embarked on hormone therapy and electrolysis, and had plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine, shortly after winning the Olympic gold. He stopped out of 'fear' of publicity and shame, and kept his secret to himself until he couldn't bear it any longer. A source quoted by Entertainment Tonight says Bruce was greatly influenced by the life story of transgender tennis player Renee Richards.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie. Billed by the brand as 'perfect for every blushing bride' Includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and silk and lace sets. Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD.
The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital. The concept was put forward after proving a success in attracting more people from China. But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know of the famous playwright.
Long before mobile phones came along, shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics. In the case of late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' Not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today. Comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers.
Suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for tip-offs. The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole. However, U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain in custody.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with one count of armed robbery. He allegedly held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun. Wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat, the man allegedly robbed the Taylors Hill store last month. The man was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court.
Sofia Abramovich, 18, is the daughter of billionaire Roman Abramovich. She has taken to the social networking site to share snaps of her life. Sofia has revealed she has been bullied about her appearance and weight. She said she is going to turn the negative comments into a positive.
Anzac Day falls on a Saturday, as it does this year. Under the pact, no public holiday is triggered when Anzac Day is on a weekend. The agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. Western Australia and some public servants in Canberra have decided to go it alone and will get Monday off. But the rules do not apply to everyone, it seems.
The Narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on Tuesday. A tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down, but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties. A group of highly trained firefighters, police and engineers undertook the difficult task. The death toll of the super storm reached eight at it's end, with police confirming an 86-year-old woman's body has been discovered in the hull of a submerged car.
North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought, Chinese nuclear experts have warned. It may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year. Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production, relayed to US nuclear specialists, exceed most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified.
intruders broke into home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage. Detective Constable Nick Campbell said: 'I have been to many burglary crime scenes over the years, but this incident stands out as one of the worst examples of mindless destruction'
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes are all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' The three officers from South Wales Police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force's professional standards department. Philips, of Winch Wen, Swansea, Evans of Llangennech, Carmarthenshire and Stokes from Glynneath will stand trial on June 15.
20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver. Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck. She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck. Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that employed by some Rwandan media outlets in the run up to the 1994 genocide. He said the Sun article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism that is characterising the migration debate in an increasing number of EU countries' The article came as migrant boat tragedies in the Mediterranean escalated. More than 1,750 people have already died this year making the perilous sea crossing to try to reach Europe.
Usain Bolt said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food. The Jamaican sprinter said he eats a 'lot more vegetables' and 'hates them all' His chef chases him around the house to make sure he is eating his greens. The 28-year-old said he needs to be 'perfect in training' to perform well.
Linda Shute has banned all other drinks at Rowdown Primary School in London. The headteacher says the rule is to protect the long-term health of pupils. But some parents claim the water-only rule is too strict, claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to the Middle Eastern country 27 years ago. She worked as a teacher at the International School in the capital Sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close. She is now hiding in a shelter below her family home with her youngest children, Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them. Britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country, but Mrs Henderson and her children's passports have expired. They have posted applications to the UK but fear they will not return.
The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. She was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure. Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method. Camilla Lawrence, womens health physiotherapist at Six Physio, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape.
Aberash Bekele, 32, was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. She escaped but was put on trial for killing one of her abductors. While she was released by the courts, local elders forced her into exile away from her home and family.
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down a derelict property in Bath city centre and replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats. But residents complained that the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council. Bath and North East Somerset Council says the developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. A magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels. Now, geophysicists have found the source in a secondary chamber deeper underground. It sits 12 to 28 miles (19 to 45km) beneath Yellowstone and measures 11,035 cubic miles (46,000 cubic km) Lava has flowed in the area as recently as 70,000 years ago. Experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site.
Risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. Cigar use is on the rise in the US, where the study was carried out, while cigarette smoking declines. More young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new ranges of flavoured ones.
Former Young Divas singer Kate DeAraugo has made the shock revelation she turned to drugs to mask her crippling depression after gaining considerable weight. The 29-year-old underwent dramatic gastric sleeve surgery in May 2012 to help her lose a staggering 68 kilos.
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed during a US drone strike in Pakistan in January. It has now been claimed his family gave money to his kidnappers. They are said to have demanded the release of prominent Afghan prisoners. They included the 'poster girl' for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddiqui. The 73-year-old was also used as a shield to protect a senior Al Qaeda operative.
The 34-year-old Victoria's Secret Angel is No. 8 on the Forbes list of top-earning models. Dafiti, Latin Americas largest online fashion retailer, signed Alessandra because they believe she embodies the style of the brand. The mother-of-two stars in the campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion.
Kyle Toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula. It measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to its maker, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. Kyle said the tree was about 65ft long so he cut it to make it even on both sides.
Kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed over the years? This month, Kim and her husband Kanye West made a high-profile tour of Armenia and Israel to baptise their daughter. We take a trip down memory lane to see how her passport stamps have evolved with time.
Super speakers showed less activity in an area of the brain known as Broca's region. This suggests they are putting less effort into the basic mechanics of speech. It may also explain why some people dry up completely when asked to speak. Stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain and struggle to recognise when family and friends are being sarcastic.
David Marshall, 68, stabbed Eni Mevish in the heart, lungs and liver. The 20-year-old was studying to become a police woman at the time of her death. The pair met six months earlier while she was out jogging in Stoke-on-Trent. Marshall was on licence for sexually assaulting a girl, 14, when he killed her. He must serve a minimum of 20 years and six months behind bars.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity. Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. Each suite is three storeys high with a 1,776 square foot floor plan that includes a large living and dining room. Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered.
Navinder Sarao, 36, allegedly made £26.7million in four years from parents' home. His family's semi-detached house in suburban West London is closer to an internet server used by one of the major financial exchanges. His thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in Central London, giving him a massive commercial advantage. Sarao was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents. He was arrested on Tuesday at the request of US authorities, who have accused him of helping to trigger the Wall Street 'Flash Crash
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming final presenter to leave the motoring show. Hammond took to Twitter to announce he would not 'quit my mates' Jeremy Clarkson and James May. Announcement came as the show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launched a scathing attack on'meddling BBC executives' in a Top Gear Magazine editorial. Yesterday, Mr Wilman sensationally quit the Corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster.
Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year.
Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field. The whole of both teams ran onto the field for the brawl where there was pushing, shoving and even a few punches. Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija.
Study by Consumer Reports in the US found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria. They found traces of E.coli, MRSA, salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning. The majority of shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east Asia.
Samantha Crossland, 30, pocketed parents' fees being paid to the Child's Play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position. Crossland had even been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner who knew her and trusted her. Nursery owner Lynda Quigley confirmed that the amount stolen - £22,642 - had been paid into her bank account on from an S. Crosslands Crossland was sentenced to a 12-month community order and 180 hours unpaid work.
Highlights is being rolled out first in English for people using Android-powered devices, which can be activated in user settings. Twitter users who opt into the service on their Android device will see a new Highlights section in a push notification. A push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know, as well as trending stories.
State broadcaster RTVE has axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona. The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme. Fifteen people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure. As an increasing number of passengers began to complain of dizzyness, and three lost consciousness, the pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes. But despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane.
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in February. They were stopped for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were put into prison. Their case was escalated to a matter of 'national security' Charges of espionage have now been dropped and they can return home.
Imran Uddin, 25, used a'shadowing' device to hack into university computers. He was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in. He then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself. After hacking into the university computer system, he changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments. On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent.
Brian Bayers thought his son Jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he backed over Jackson with his truck. The Bayers say they are sharing their story so that other parents don't make the same mistake. They say that parents should have some kind of safety lock and not leave door open if their child is unattended, even momentarily.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. The technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing. The research, by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia, was presented at the Computer-Human Interaction Conference in Seoul.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly. Aussie stepped into the puddle that was connected to a fallen live electrical wire. 'Honestly those kids were only a metre away,' their grandmother Deanna Addicoat said. 'Aussie's our hero, he saved their lives'
Morgan Geyser, 12, and her friend Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014. Her attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. A Wisconsin judge denied Friday to move her to a psychiatric treatment center, saying she was a flight risk and capable of plotting a sophisticated plan to murder someone. Cotton said his client has no way to
Sirloin, topside and fillet are best saved for the roasting pan, chuck flank, rib-eye and skirt on the grill and when stewing go for brisket, shoulder and ribs. When looking for a good cut of meat to grill or use for steak and fajitas, you want cuts that have a good marbling of fat.
The N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded Best Road in the World. Avis, a car rental company who collated the data, found the A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District to be Britain's best road. Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
Revellers in remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze. Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease, adding that criticism over the safety is misguided.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the floor in front of a group of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour. But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody, leaving her face unrecognisable.
No video captured what happened to Freddie Gray inside the police van where officers heaved him into a metal compartment after pinning him to a sidewalk. The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed. But a troubling detail emerged as hundreds of protesters converged on City Hall again Thursday: He was not only handcuffed and put in leg irons, but left without a seat belt during his trip to the station. Unbelted detainees have been paralyzed and even killed by rough rides in what used to be called 'paddy wagons' It even has a name: 'nickel rides,' referring to cheap amusement park thr
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court. He showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano and even more when the victim, Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol. The millionaire banana mogul received over 12 years prison for conspiracy to distribute cocaine, conspiracy to suborn perjury and obstruction of justice. He even confessed to continuing to supply friends with cocaine following Calo's gruesome death as he helped hamper authorities' efforts to bring him to justice
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris during a botched sting on April 2. A memo from an internal police inquiry which surfaced earlier this week revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Bates. Documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed Bates. District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler has begun contacting outside law enforcement agencies for further investigation.
With no cell phone reception to call for help, owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool by the Great Salt Lake's Spiral Jetty. But, lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. As more people came, they began bringing  items to try and help get Shelby out, using grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags, a straw hat and even bare hands.
Gary Goldsmith's chihuahua Cheech was run over by a cyclist in Regents Park. Mr Goldsmith posted a picture of the alleged culprit on social media. His accompanying message included the words: Evil s***& Coming to get ya Cheech is being treated by Bruce Fogle, father of TV presenter Ben, at The London Vet Clinic.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence and assault. After fleeing his home, the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force's headquarters. He was eventually arrested in November in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks. Bee was jailed for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars.
One hundred years on, these war widows are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli - many of them for the first time. They will be the guests of honour at the Anzac Day dawn service on Saturday. Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday. She's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled toGallipoli. Between them they have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014. The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton. Members of the public laid floral tributes after her murder on September 4 last year.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants. Saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting, had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any Islamic State members. In online chats and posts, Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he fought in a gun battle that lasted four months.
The Dardanelles Campaign was one of the bloodiest and most ill-conceived campaigns of the First World War. It almost brought to an end the career of its main instigator, Winston Churchill, and which witnessed almost 400,000 casualties. Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of biggest commemorations of the Great War.
A 911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. Police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island, which they thought contained something suspicious. The NYPD's bomb squad was scrambled, but a full search of the island finally failed to find anything explosive. An official all-clear was given around 4:30pm, by which time the park's 4pm closing time had passed.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's comparatively as obese as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. Luckily for Sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself, she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer Stacy Jones Olandt.
Exeter has been dubbed 'too posh for Monopoly' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill space of Old Kent Road. Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city to fill the more expensive slots. But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning. Police Chief Craig Miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months. Officers learned of the alleged relationship after Lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a Dallas ISD officer.
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather, Edward Glenny, worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI. Geoffrey Rush's great uncle, James Thomas Rush, served in the 15th Infantry Battalion of the Australian Army. The Pirates of the Caribbean star's grandfather, Baden Charles Rush, was just 18 when he enlisted for WWI but was never sent overseas to fight. Service records for Albert Jacka - the first Australian to be decorated with the Victoria Cross during WWi -
Barry Lyttle, 33, has been given a 13-month suspended jail sentence. He pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother Patrick. Patrick, 31, was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Magistrate Graeme Curran found alcohol was not a significant factor. He said Barry was of good character, remorseful and unlikely to re-offend.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory. Now, 70 years after leaving her position, the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory. Built in 1943, the factory was one of 26'shadow' sites set up to mass produce engines and parts for military aircraft and tanks.
Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi. Abu Hafs and Abu Yaqoub al-Iraqi carried out joint suicide missions in ISIS's latest offensive on the Baiji oil refinery in Salahuddin province, Iraq. Another teenage suicide bomber Abu Basir al-Shami blew himself up in Anbar province, near the Iraqi city of Ramadi. Abu al-Hassan al- Shami, a Syrian fighter who appears no older than 14, is thought to be ISIS's youngest suicide bomber.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle, when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying. Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured. He was taken to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle for treatment of minor injuries.
Ariana Mason, 21, claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel. After filing a civil rights lawsuit against Officer Shawn Izzo and the Metropolitan Police Department, she said: 'What happened to me was wrong and I don't want it to happen to anybody else'
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates Court today. He was charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose. Also accused of possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate. Charges brought by officers investigating death of Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48. The outspoken critic of the Assad regime in Syria was found dead in Wembley.
Efan James was found face down and unresponsive the next morning. His mother Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed the night before. Pembrokeshire Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing' Welsh government said it will consider the coroners comments.
Tiny settlements of people who have adapted to live around nature. From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. The secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, has erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada, about 10 miles away, to flee their homes. A pair of strange glowing white lights were filmed floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption. The pictures have since gone viral with internet user suggesting the lights were either police helicopters, an optical illusion or an alien aircraft.
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' dental procedures at the hands of Dr Nicholas Crees at his Guisborough practice. The semi-retired teacher at a specialist children's unit said his life had been changed forever, revealing he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the extensive decay.
More than a dozen people were injured on Thursday night after a stage collapsed during an Indiana public high school theater performance. One of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of American Pie at Westfield High School. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. 'All of a sudden, everyone was gone,' one parent from the audience told RTV.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, was driving home from a concert in December with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital. She was five months pregnant at the time and in January doctors were forced to deliver the baby early, a little boy the family has named Leighton Isiah Giles. Though Giles was given a two-per cent chance of recovering, her mom, Anna Moser, was confident her daughter would wake up. Giles opened her eyes earlier this month and though she is still nonverbal, Moser believes her daughter hears her.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches which open new foodbanks. Money needed to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice and relationships with supermarkets such as Tesco. Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be better spent on food. Number of foodbanks has risen eight-fold in just five years, to 445.
Presenter Charlie Stayt missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in Southampton, Hampshire. Viewers took to Twitter to complain about the gaffe. Afterwards, colleague Bill Turnbull told Stayt he had started a Twitter frenzy and made him spell out the word 'education'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity. It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up. One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface. In this image the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock. It is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Bobby Burnett forced Samantha Chudley to stop wearing make-up. He also forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them. The 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone, Devon. His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, Exeter Crown Court heard.
Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared. Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province - commonly known as 'The Tiger Temple' - has long proved a hit among tourists. The tigers were led out in groups of four and tied to a tree to allow officials to scan their microchips.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of tattoos. Says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success. Says tattoos have left her embarrassed and as a result, she suffers from depression. Hopes a well-wisher will pay for her to have laser removal.
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. One of Hincksley's interests is music, and he sings and plays the guitar. He also participates in music therapy. Hinckleys lawyers said mental illness drove him to shoot the President in an effort to impress actress Jodie Foster.
A couple heard the terrifying message: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' come through their 3-year-old son's baby monitor. The stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the monitor. Technology experts have now warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet.
Edda Goering has failed in her bid to get the state of Bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the Third Reich. Goering, who cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes, was deputy to Hitler. The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew. His daughter Edda, 76, has always refused to criticise him.
Frenchwoman also used her classes to defend Hitler's domestic record. 'He was a good man who built motorways and liked music,' she is alleged to have said. Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher. She has since been suspended from the Auguste Remoir college in Limoges.
Michael Gridley, 26, was jailed for a year after orchestrating the scam. Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles were taken from the Asda in Basildon, Essex, where he worked. Gridley and colleague Jay Reed were under suspicion at the time. But Gridley managed to land a managerial role at Lidl in Romford, Essex.
Linda and George Hunter became mortgage free around 15 years ago. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme. The council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. Estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for more than £1. Mrs Hunter said: 'The council created this ghetto that we are now trapped in'
Peking opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of her headdress on Weibo. It was made from the feathers of no less than 80 kingfishers, she said. She said she bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan (£10,775) Two of the 11 types of kingfisher are protected in China.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall on Thursday night. The 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along Anderson Road in Glenning Valley on the Central Coast of NSW. The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer. The driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable. Photographs taken from the incident show debris and bricks scattered around the crashed vehicle.
Kristy Peckham is the ex-partner of disgraced Queensland politician Billy Gordon. She has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered. The Queensland government was plunged into crisis after when details of the Cook MP's criminal past emerged. After Mr Gordon's dark past was revealed he resigned from the Labor party but refused to resign from parliament.
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million Gulfstream G650. The wealthy televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work. In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube, the Atlanta-based pastor responded to his critics by claiming 'the devil is trying to discredit' him.
Brooke Shedd, 26, and Jane Shalakhova, 25, appeared on This Morning. They say they do not'share' Adam but are in a 'unique' situation. Brooke has a five-year-old son, Oliver, from a previous relationship. She has just had another baby, Danté, with Adam. They will raise the boys in Los Angeles with Jane.
The owners of an Oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the U.S. government. Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. Owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest yesterday. At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records, Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said. The owners argue they have exclusive surface rights and need not follow federal regulations. The miners say they want to avoid a standoff like last year
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan. It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed. A Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly' The image appears on both the desktop and mobile version of maps but disappears in satellite view.
Both William and Kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week. Kate recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry. She bought some salad servers, a plain door mat and nautical blue bath towels. Prince William bought £800 of mens clothing at Peter Jones.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old schoolboy Daniel Morcombe in 2014. Cowan received a life sentence for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003. His lawyers will file an application to have Chief Justice Tim Carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal, citing a potential bias in the case. His barrister said Mr Carmody had met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face.
The two-bedroom apartment is inside a 1920's building on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district. It is described as 'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when Cobain moved out in 1992. Current owner, Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 in Las Vegas. Due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight ($89.99 - $99.99), its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat. If that were to happen, broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content.
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is protected by federal legislation since 1920. Zoo Weekly removed all 'offending' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from Facebook. The issue included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli' and an interview with cover girl Erin Pash.
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal. The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. 'I kno it's A little Late, But I'm kinda&THE BOMB! Rilea, Will U Be My Date To Prom?' the sign read.
The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action. Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. The 39-year-old actress and director spoke at the United Nations in New York on Friday dressed in a white blazer, matching skirt and delicate jewelry. She removed her $250,000 diamond engagement ring to make her speech.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look. 'I was stunned. It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater,' he said. 'You can see a person behind the bunker's window,' the 58-year-old added. He claims that the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger
Attorney General-designate Loretta Lynch will take over from Holder, following a months-long delay of her Senate confirmation vote  which passed on Thursday with 'yes' votes from 10 Republicans. Holder, a former judge and U.S. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the department as the third-longest serving attorney general in U.s. history. He has not publicly announced what he'll be doing next.
Remmie, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. When the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar. The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar.
Shabana Bibi, 25, from the Muzaffargarh district of the country, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Bibi's brother, Muhammad Azam said Siddique became enraged on learning his wife had visited her sister without first asking him if she could go out.
Carol Cole, 17, was found stabbed nine times in the back and chest in January 1981 in the woods outside Shreveport, Louisiana. She had run away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980. For 34 years, Carol's family searched in vain for the troubled teen. At the same time, detectives from Bossier Parish, Louisiana, never stopped trying to identity the body they found mutilated. Carol's sister Jeanie Phelps and her friend posted Craigslist ads across Texas and Louisiana with pictures of the teen, hoping someone might recognize her. Bossier detectives posted a Facebook page for 'Bossier Doe'
Toddler suffered horrific facial injuries at their home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire. She was playing in the garden when her family heard screams and ran to find their eight-year-old dog 'gripping' her head. They wrestled the animal free but the toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull. Her injuries were so severe that she had to be airlifted to Morriston Hospital in Swansea 60 miles away. The dog was taken to a vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son last week, sparking an Amber Alert and a statewide manhunt across Washington. Chang was furious with the mother of little Ronnie Tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions,' police say. On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser. She told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her, according to police. When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with
British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin expected to be sent to the region within days. Prime Minister David Cameron stressed that Britain was not planning to bring any more migrants back to the UK. Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward' But Malta's prime minister, Joseph Muscat, said the assets being proposed would 'never be enough' to address the problem.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than ¬1billion. But it was closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. The judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of ¬100million (£86million) However, there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering. Her son, 19-year-old Austin Essig, took to the Fort Collins police department's Facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the brownie.
Connor Sullivan, of Cupertino, California, attended his first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. Police and 250 volunteers had searched frantically for the 5'5'' 150lb boy, who had never gone missing before. After the junior returned home on his own Thursday night, police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the Bay Area town and was using the water fountains and Porta Potty on campus. Sullivan reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at the school, which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces
Tipper Lewis, 43, has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years. Credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health. A vegan since the age of 18, she studied the power of herbs and plants at University and landed a job at Neal's Yard Remedies.
The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago. Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred. Study has also raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants.
Vivienne Garton's 10-year-old West Highland terrier Ben was stolen. She put posters up near her home in Knowle West, Bristol, but received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid £500. The caller gave the address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she handed to police, who are now investigating.
Eric Schmidt, 59, already is among the world's richest people with an estimated fortune of $9 billion, according to Forbes. His total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his Google compensation was valued at $19.3 million. Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million.
Nicky Buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on TV but stood her ground. Australian presenter and model copped flack for her bump and continued to work to pay the bills. 'I wasn't out to raise the flag or cause a stir, I simply wanted to work  as was my right. Yet in doing so people had other opinions and thought I shouldn't be seen publicly with a bump,' she said.
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies', claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' following the 18-month boundary dispute in a genteel village in the Wirral. The move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing.
Temperatures set to fall by around ten degrees next week. Britain will go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. It also threatens to cause a wet and miserable time for the thousands of runners taking part in Sunday's London Marathon.
Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of: Dairy Milk Caramel, Dairy Milk Fruit & Nut, Dairy milk Whole Nut and Dairy Milk Oreo. The bars were created for a competition by Cadbury and food artist Prudence Staite. The brand had conducted research which showed that Britons can be hesitant to try new flavours.
LaNia Roberts, 18, is an art student at Syracuse University and specializes in self-portraits. Earlier this month, she gave a moving motivational speech titled 'Love Yourself Unconditionally' LaNia's journey began after making a New Year's resolution to lose weight and love herself more back in 2012. 'Little did I know that love was so conditional':
'Today, we move on. Of course, we would have liked to bring our great products to new cities, but we structured this deal so that if the government didnt agree, we could walk away,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement. On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest. This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox.
Vonda Thedford, 55, was driving along a Pittsburg County rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' In a bid to document the unusual-looking beast, she whipped out her camera phone. Desperate to unravel the mystery, she revisited the dead animal. As the flesh had rotted away, she took the remaining bones with her.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after retired engineer Ron Phillips, 70, and his wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in the incident outside their cabin on board the Thomson Celebration luxury liner. The frail couple accused Finlay of an unprovoked attack that left the grandfather with a gash to his forehead. But the 16-stone gas worker insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding his crutch.
Bradley Parkes, 16, is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital. She said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face.
Measuring just 15ft by 10ft, the hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire. Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut. Hut 39 commands spectacular views across the Solent, but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach.
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, travelled to four different Pret A Manger shops in London to find out what it takes to get a free cup. Chief executive of the coffee giant revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy.
Dramatic decline in fortune blamed on Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. Previously, wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions. It is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several Chinese cities has had a huge impact on the breed's popularity.
Underwater volcanoes are known to be widespread on the floor of the world's oceans at joins in the tectonic plates. Most are located in the deep ocean, where their activity can be difficult to measure, but some in shallow water can erupt with enough lava to create new islands. A recent study found that emissions from underwater volcanoes may play a far greater role in influencing the climate than had previously been believed. Now scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. His manager, Dino May, said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house. The young actor, who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom, was said to be anti-drugs, very quiet and very shy.
DeShawn Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair, prosecutors said. The teen also allegedly groped the woman over her clothes and slapped her buttocks and then sat on her head as he continued to beat her. Isabelle also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees. The middle school student was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the CTA train in Oak Park on Monday
Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies. She could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month. One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Altice. One testified that he considered her to be his girlfriend during their yearlong tryst. But the boys were all minors, and Utah law also says a person cannot consent to sex if the other person is in a position of special trust.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada in September. It will be piloted and powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac. The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot.
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia. All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year. The prosecution alleged that Severance's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called 'Parable of the Knocker', based on a bible passage. Judge Jane Marum Roush decided at the hearing on Thursday that the possibility of an impartial jury seemed unlikely after the hysteria surrounding the murders.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed by a bus in Swansea, South Wales. She was on a shopping trip with her eight-year-old daughter Olivia when she was struck. Onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but Sgt Lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision. The mother-of-three, from Llanishen, Cardiff, was rushed to the city's Morriston hospital where doctors battled to save her but she later died. Police officers of all ranks paid their respects at her funeral at Christ Parish Church in Cyncoed, Cardiff
Kim Pappas, 25, was two hours into her working day at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, on March 31. She disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors. Her attempt at secrecy was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom, which was covered in blood.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper. He immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and, realizing it was a sizable sum, they then contacted the police department. Officer Dustin Dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $4,000 in the parking lot. The man, who was later identified as Ou Chen, said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home in 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in Hounslow. Both murders were linked in July 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on the victims, who did not know each other. Detectives believe the suspect for both murders is now in his 60s or 70s.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kind. The young male is the second of its species ever seen. The first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru and it's been sitting in a Russian museum since.
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday, revealing fresh plans to target government buildings and Afghan security forces. A failed rocket attack on a US base in Bagram air base, situated close to the Afghan capital city of Kabul. Improvised explosive devices (IEDs) were also reportedly detonated in Kunar and Khost province.
Jiaojiao only survived because rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall in Zheng Du City, Central China. Her mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left Jiaoj Xiao at home on her own, now cannot afford the huge £100,000 medical bill.
One Direction star, 23, was pictured with a'suspicious' roll-up in his hotel room in London on Wednesday night. He had been partying with a group of five girls at Soho's Cirque Le Soir nightclub. Newly-released Snapchat images appear to show him in the same room in the early hours of Thursday morning.
Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design. Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square. In its press release, Samsung said: 'The new wearable device will be the 7th generation of Samsung Gear with a wrist watch type'
Andrew Hichens, 28, trained to respond to crimes, fires and medical emergencies. Father-of-two has taken up his unique role in Hayle in Western Cornwall. As 'Tri-service Safety Officer', he does not have the power to make arrests. Will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages.
Kim Woodward has been appointed head chef at the famous venue. 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the Strand, London in 1889. Cheshire-born chef said she would continue masculine traditions established by Auguste Escoffier.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort. Instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Birmingham topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations. Five per cent of residents in Newcastle called in pest inspectors last year. London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs. Newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the country.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. A snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on Imgur earlier this week.
Lucy, 23, is face of fake tan brand Sunkissed. Called on younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in the shoot. Says it was'really lovely working together' as they don't see each other often. Admits she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years.
Hormone replacement therapy is used to ease the effects of the menopause. It boosts the body's levels of female sex hormones oestrogen and progesterone. Women who take combined HRT have an increased risk of breast cancer. This is up to eight years after they have stopped treatment, scientists have warned. Findings come from the Women's Health Initiative in the US and the Million Women Study in the UK. Both found strong evidence the treatment increases a woman's risk.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall. Local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades. Towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry. But a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions.
The news comes after a tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. On Thursday evening, thunderstorms were predicted to take place in parts of South Dakota, Nebraska, Kansas, and Texas. Friday's weather may see storms in a number of major cities, including Dallas and Houston. Severe storms may strike several Southern states and along the Gulf Coast on Saturday. Winds, tornadoes, and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday, with flash floods as an potential issue on Monday.
Labour leader accused PM of failing to secure a stable transfer of power. He said this failure had contributed to the crisis in North Africa. Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year. It comes after Cameron held emergency talks with EU leaders in Brussels. Britain will send one of its biggest warships to the Mediterranean within days.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was estimated to sell for £200,000. But it ended up being sold for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. Originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. The rare Bentley needs a full restoration after it was allowed to gather dust in a barn over the past 15 years.
Robert O'Neill will host'machine gun fun' shooting competition in Wyoming. Supporters of right-leaning For America non-profit were offered $50,000 ticket. They would be put up in Amangani Resort Hotel, on edge of Grand Teton. Also included is Jackson Hole Shooting Experience, including pistol and clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds established an online fundraising page claiming she had ovarian cancer and seeking money for medical treatment. Police alleged the 31-year-old mother used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from her page. In February, Ms Edmunds told a Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life. She was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. They finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children. George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect. Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members. Officers were called to the home and the smell was so bad that some of the first firefighters on the scene set up a fan by the door.
Troublesome is a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge in the Madikwe Game Reserve. The elephant has taken a particular liking to the resort's pool and deck area. The cheeky elephant has been nicknamed Troublesome by staff and guests. He has been regularly emptying out the splash pools at the luxury safari resort.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, shot his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and son Grayden, eight, at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia last night. He then turned the gun on himself. Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Oskar Groening, 93, is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews. Eva Kor, 81, was one of 1,500 twins experimented on by Dr. Josef Mengele. She embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him. Mrs Kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is facing extradition to the U.S. after allegedly causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' and making more than £26 million using a fraudulent trading technique. He appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million. However, he has remained behind bars since his brief appearance, and will remain there over the weekend after an official from the magistrates' court said it had not received the money.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010. It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Kind regards and good luck' Mr Alexander today sent a letter to Mr Byrne apologising for the late reply. He said it was because he had been 'fixing the economy'
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when he was imprisoned by the mill owner. Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily. Xie, originally from Jiangxi in the south east of the country, was always imprisoned in a dark room without any natural light.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University. Picture shows her posing in front of a 'no white men' sign while pretending to cry. Post also refers to a ban on 'cis' or cisgender men, which is opposite of transgender. She told white people and men 'not to come' to a meeting she was organising to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' Union eventually backed down after a backlash from students.
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. In the main image of Space Vegas, a fantastic array of colours and attractiosn can be seen, including a Ferris wheel and a lit-up cowboy. The cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion, with space planes again making the journey from the ground.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. The 35-year-old was one of three Brits arrested after Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland in September. He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation. Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges while John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10.
Jet Set Candy offers a collection of destination-specific charms aimed at helping people to choose where they should head on their travels. The Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm gives users eight possibilities for a 'future husband' - including 'King-to-be George' The charm comes in 14K gold vermeil or sterling silver for $198 and $148.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria  an allergy to water. She was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm. Now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up. Even hugging her children can trigger an episode, as their body heat makes her sweat.
In 15 years, digital advancements will have made the discovery, planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience. Each of us may have an 'e-agent,' inside a watch or small piece of jewellery, that goes everywhere with us. Computers, through analysing our searches online and cross-referencing our preferences, will be able to use predictive algorithms to make tailored suggestions.
Lincolnshire resort is famous for its giant Butlin's holiday camp and sprawling caravan parks. Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. It is number five among UK's holiday home hotspots behind Windermere in the Lake District and Newport in Pembrokeshire.
Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, is touring the US to promote his 'Dude Food' cook book. Appeared as a guest star alongside Blake Lively on Good Morning America on Tuesday. The starlet was won over by his 'Bro Burgers' and cheeky Aussie charm. Churchill was able to live out one dream, getting a photo with the star and even mentioning his crush on husband Ryan Reynolds to the star.
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs. Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Proud Aussies came together in huge numbers in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta. Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent, admitted carrying Class B amphetamines after police were called. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her, but later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession. A spokesman for the school said Miss Heath had been suspended and was being dealt with 'through the appropriate internal channels'
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public.
Project Elysium claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. What little we do know comes from their Twitter account, which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3D model. Project Elysium has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word.
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts. Authorities rejected his case that he was a'serial rapist' who assaulted her after class. Nonetheless, the case gathered international attention as Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment. According to his lawsuit citing 'gender-based harassment and defamation', Columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service. Known as the Islamic State Health Service (ISHS), even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. The video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS.
PepsiCo said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose, another artificial sweetener commonly known as Splenda. Decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales. Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners, specifically aspartame.
The discovery was made by researchers in the Atlantic forest of Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo, Brazil. Called Hylodes japi, it was found to mate underground in secret chambers. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators.
Former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors. Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. He sentenced former teacher Stacey Rambold to just one month in prison in the case. Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial. Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary, at least some colleagues stuck by him.
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol. The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July. 'I'm sorry to the Mets organization, my teammates and the fans, as well as my family,' he said.
Pasco County Sheriff's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of Deputy Kerry Kempink killing the dog. The video, shot on Kempink's body camera, showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs. Within seconds he had shot the first Rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other. The dogs' devastated owner then comes out, and told the deputy 'they're not even vicious' before begging him to put him out of his misery.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became'self-sabotaging' Dermatillomania - or compulsive skin picking - is an impulse control disorder characterized by the desire to pick at one's skin until it is damaged.
Anthony Martinez had reached his wits' end trying to find a 'boy date' In a last-ditch attempt, he tuned to social media and was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in. He was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg.
Daniela D'Addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her car on Wednesday. A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder after fleeing from officers when they stopped the car. The couple had reportedly been in a very tumultuous relationship for about four months. She found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in Fiji after he moved into her apartment in Canberra.
The 1986 file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery. The Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could potentially conceal the name of a second person, it is alleged. Last year NSPCC boss Peter Wanless led a review of Home Office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be 'impossible' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed a hostess in the face with champagne after winning Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. He's also done it after winning the Spanish Grand Prix and even at the Austrian Grand Prix, where he lost out on the top spot. Leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the driver as'selfish and inconsiderate' Others have called the driving ace an 'embarrassment to the UK', while another said his behaviour showed that he was an 'ignorant clown'
Ashley X was caught on camera driving at 67mph on a 50mph section of the M11. Instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine he made up stories to shift the blame. He tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts. X finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at Ipswich Crown Court.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help. Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and were close to having their electricity and Internet service shut off. The couple leave behind two daughters, Randa and Kira Speidel.
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. Unsettling video shows woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male. Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman asks: 'Would you report it?' According to TLC, one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour.
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was targeted by a gang of eight on Tuesday afternoon. They took her phone which was reportedly full of private texts from her father. The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the text messages stored on her phone. She later took to her Twitter page, where she branded the muggers 'low lifes'
SNP leader admits she understands concerns of English voters. She also suggested that David Cameron had been 'not unhelpful' to the SNP by gaining the party greater publicity. Polls suggest the SNP is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern British politics, winning as many as 50 of Scotlands 59 Commons seats.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during campaign. But he insists he is now 'back on form' and is receiving private hospital treatment. Revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury. Party leader admitted he had not been following doctor's orders to letter.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate. Her death certificate was signed by her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61. Miss Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end earlier this month. Her remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire. Former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today at a second private hearing where he made no plea and was remanded in custody.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was crowned Miss Japan last month. She grew up in Sasebo near Nagasaki, where the US has a naval base. Her African-American father met her Japanese mother when she was a child. Some critics of Ariana's win have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough. But she says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent'
James Webster, 35, targeted women at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire. He used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts as they bent over freezers. Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in his bag. He admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face jail. But he was spared jail after magistrates ordered him to take part in a sexual offences treatment programme.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday. Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Lord Fellowes, 65, has revealed he is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV. He said: 'Doctor Thorne is one of my favourite novels. It is romantic and funny and I am absolutely delighted to be doing it. I said yes to it straight away' TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary in the new TV adaptation.
Peter Gale, 47, dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey. Sacked for 'unprofessional and inappropriate conduct' two weeks ago. Investigation reveals he sent 'informal' emails to sixth-form pupil. School rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts.
Some of the world's most haunted pieces of furniture have been kept in homes. From the Indiana 'ghost cane' to the 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. This 'conjure chest' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave, causing her fellow slaves to have a conjurer curse it. Bruno Amadios portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a Yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed.
Shoccara Marcus returned to her Georgia childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. In Choreographing My Past, a photo series, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be while refusing to accept her for the woman she has become. The images were captured throughout the house including the living room, at her family's kitchen table, in a bathroom and in bedrooms.
Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK, making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun. In 1996 a US academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world. Old Las Palmas is recognised as a Unesco World Heritage Site for its role as an architectural staging post between the Old and New Worlds.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage last week when she decided Lord Janner should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children because he has dementia. It has now emerged she trained at the same legal firm where he was a QC. Janner worked at 1 Garden Court Chambers from the mid-1950s up until 1986. CPS insists the pair had never met, despite a three-year overlap of their time at the firm. New documents reveal abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved to Ashworth Hospital in Maghull, Merseyside. 31-year-old started refusing food at HMP Manchester after being moved to solitary. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012. Brady was sent to high-security psychiatric unit over 30 years ago. He tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965.
May Pat Christie, 51, quit her $475,000-a-year job at Angelo Gordon & Co. Official reason was 'to spend more time with her family and young children' But many will see move as a sign that Chris Christie is running for president. She is often seen out on the campaign trail with her husband.
Michael Foster was appearing at a public 'hustings' in Camborne and Redruth constituency. He objected to mention of his four-bedroom home by Loveday Jenkin. Ms Jenkin is standing for the Cornish party Mebyon Kernow. She claims Mr Foster turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you' Mr Foster said it was a marginal issue in the constituency.
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's claim that superhero movies were 'cultural genocide' The Hollywood star told The Guardian: 'Look I respect the heck out of him' The controversial comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant' It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with Britain's Channel 4 after interviewer Krishnan Guru-Murthy talked about his history of drug abuse.
George and Amal Clooney are understood to have invited friends to their Lake Como home for a three-day, star-studded party. The party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source. Among guests rumoured to have been invited to the party is Matt Damon and Brad Pitt. It comes after local Italian authorities imposed harsh rules to allow the stars more privacy.
Haul contained heroin and cannabis thrown from roof of HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. Haul also recovered 22 phones, three Sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof. Officers at the jail, privately run by controversial firm G4S, disclosed the haul in an internal document.
A hiker exploring Chile's natural wonders got the shock of his life on Wednesday afternoon when a volcano erupted before his eyes. A man identified as Walter Witt on YouTube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high Calbuco volcano. The Volcano has been dormant since 1972 and neither scientists nor government officials predicted the eruption. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada after the eruption, while several smaller townships were also cleared.
Tony McCoy finished third in his 17,630th race at Sandown Park. The 40-year-old has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once. McCoy announced his retirement in February but it was only the passing of the Grand National and his last rides at Cheltenham that made reality hit home.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir at dawn. When they boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground. Professing that 'nature belongs to no one', he did not seek permission from local authorities. He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as 'vandalism'
Vince Cable prides himself on being the Tories' bogeyman in the Coalition Cabinet. He wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the Conservatives again. Cable said the Prime Minister and the Chancellor were 'highly intelligent guys' and added that they 'don't snarl at each other'
Kevin Coulton, 16, put his lips in the rim of a glass and blew to achieve a fuller pout. But he was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin which lasted more than three days. Now he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths.
Charles Dunstone signed a letter backing the Conservatives in the 2005 Election. The former Carphone Warehouse boss said Mr Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy. He said the current Labour Party viewed business as the problem, rather than the essential engine that gives politicians the ability to provide a fair and compassionate society.
Panel will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records. Sceptics argue that the effect of such adjustments has skewed the records. Group has brought together people from all sides of the debate to look into the problem, and is asking as many people as possible to hand data.
Last week Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel. The Gulf state's rulers converted three prime properties on Cornwall Terrace in London's Regent's Park into a huge mansion worth £200million. Just last week their sovereign wealth fund snapped up Canary Wharf for £2.6 billion.
Colin Bloomfield, 33, died at a hospice in Shrewsbury yesterday morning. He worked at BBC Radio Derby for 10 years as a presenter, reporter and commentator. Fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the 'perfect colleague' and 'consummate professional' Niall Horan, who is one quarter of boyband One Direction, has also described Bloomfield as a'super great guy and great commentator'
Dom Joly joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing for the world yacht race. The 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet. As the fleet headed out of harbour, the guests all jumped off the vessels. Joly, who is also a travel writer, shone with a flying leap off race leaders.
This Anzac Day Australians took advantage of the opportunity to play the century-old tradition of two-up in pubs and clubs all around the country. The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. Two-up is allowed on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs. Once an illegal form of gambling, the game has been legalised in few casinos in Australia.
After surgery, cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened. Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent, which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy. Most of the tests are available only privately and cost about £2,500.
Britt McHenry was behind the mic covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitals. The 29-year-old was suspended for a week after footage emerged showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm. Ahead of her return to work, she tweeted: 'Back to work. Excited to be covering Caps-Isles today. Now that the suspension is over, I want to say again that I'm so sorry for my recent hurtful actions'
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours. Staying in Treviso, just outside Venice, Jenny stayed in a nine-strong crew of wannabe artists and keen cooks. For seven days, we painters were patiently guided by Hugh through the basics of sketching, paint technique, colour and form.
Bobby Brown has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. This news comes just days after the 22-year-old's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father had claimed. While over the weekend Bobby claimed his daughter was awake, her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston clarified to People that her granddaughter 'is no longer in a medically induced coma'
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months and is believed to be behind a spate of vicious attacks. Locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird, as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the Netherlands hoping to catch a sighting of the bird.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000. On one surgical ward at a leading teaching hospital, 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment. Sepsis Six involves blood tests to check for infection and testing the level of lactate, a chemical produced when cells are starved of oxygen.
Pippa Middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in Geneva. The biodegradable cloths cost £4 each and are very popular in Europe. Pippa, 31, may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to Switzerland.
A number of pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty. They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person. Comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions. 'The mom was beside herself with grief. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' Perino wrote in her new book. She said it was like Bush 'expected and needed to hear the anguish, to try to soap up some of her suffering if he could'
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16. There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said. She usually talked with family in Mexico every day, he said. A volunteer search is scheduled for Saturday morning in Utah.
Three eight-week old puppies were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18. The Labradors were found by a woman who said the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion when they were discovered in the box labeled'stuff animals' The puppies have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage, according to McKamey Animal Center. The animals have been named Greta Garbo, Bette Davis and Marilyn Monroe.
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, once tipped the scales at 70st. He managed to shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010. But the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. He is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S. It has been circulating on mother's groups in Australia. Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment. Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in 1974. Dennis Hutchings, 73, has been charged with attempted murder. He appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail. Mr Cunningham, who had the mental age of a child, had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was killed.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. He brought the chapel into residential use while he was setting up his Virgin recording business. At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel. The four-bedroom home is now on the market for £599,000.
The Zeta Beta Tau fraternity was suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property. About 60 veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan were also attending a retreat that has been held twice a year for the past six years. Nicholas Connole, a wounded veteran who served 18 months in Afghanistan and nine months in Iraq, said he felt like he had to 'defend himself' against the students. Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity.
Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot, Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff. His jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist. He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital. Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Ed Miliband has hired a US guru who can help him convince himself that he can be Prime Minister. Services offered by ExtendedMind include coaching on how to look authentic Mr Miliband has consistently lagged behind David Cameron in polls on their personal ratings. But he has seen a slight boost in his popularity since the campaign began last month.
Located at the mouth of the Pearl River Delta at the southern tip of China, Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands. It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China. Gambling is illegal in Hong Kong, except on horseracing, so thousands from Hong Kong and mainland China try their luck here.
William Kerr absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released from HMP Stocken in Rutland on licence in January. The 53-year-old, who was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort, was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London. His arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information about his whereabouts on BBC's Crimewatch.
Pauline McKee, 90, won a jackpot of $41,797,550.16 from the 'Miss Kitty' game at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa in 2011. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court determined McKee had actually only won $1.85 because of how the symbols had aligned in the game. The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed.
SNP leader has been accused of savage violence by her sister. Gillian Owens, a part-time actress, said she used to cut hair off dolls. Claim sparked a Twitter trend with users sharing photographs of beheaded dolls. The politician has denied the claims and said she has 'changed'
Channel 4's Indian Summers star Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand before the start of filming the second series. She stayed at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort, which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out Enya. The resorts Cool Spa, on a breathtaking platform called Baba Nest, offers 360 degree views of Cape Panwa.
Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives. More than 200 Australians are confirmed safe but authorities are still trying to contact hundreds of others. Actor Hugh Sheridan has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother Zachary who is missing at Mount Everest.
May is a magical month, and there are a host of events to help you enjoy it to the full. The Cotswolds Olimpicks can be dated back to 1612 after being started by local barrister Robert Dover. No one does flamboyance quite like Brighton, and youll see this unique city at its very best every May.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The show is set to premiere this summer. The concept is based on the idea that after seven years of marriage, spouses often become restless and regret their decision to wed.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues. US prosecutors allege Sarao helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of 2010. The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim. He appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday and was bailed with a surety of £5 million.
The Eagles Palace hotel is 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki. Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants, vineyards and its very own olive grove. The beach itself shelves gently into water, which is astonishingly clear because the Aegean sweeps into the bay.
Officers spotted the replica of the car used in the Back to the Future films. It was being carried on the back of a tranpsporter between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning. Officers joked that the futuristic-looking car from the 1980s had a 'leaky flux capacitor'
Dashcam footage from a Florida police car taken in September of 2013 shows an unarmed black man being shot four times. Dontrell Stephens didn't die after he was shot by Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office Deputy Adam Lin. The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. The clip of Stephens, who had previously been arrested for cocaine, was released as part of a lawsuit against the sheriff's office.
Adam Barker is equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages and distributes his father's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, which will be split with his sister Charlotte, 53, and brother Laurence, 46. The 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200C inferno at a block of flats in Prestatyn, North Wales. His tenant Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, Miss Shierss nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat. Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
Man, who cannot be named, raped his daughter from when she was just 10. Despite promising to stop, he carried on abusing her until she became pregnant. He encouraged his daughter to continue kick boxing without raising concern. When she refused to tell authorities who the father of the baby was they ordered a paternity test. The man was sentenced to life imprisonment at Derby Crown Court. His daughter cried: 'I love you' as he was led way from the dock.
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW. Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was killed as he went to work in Guatemala City. Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver. Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase. Medina Luna said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One' and did it 'because I like to kill'
Jeannie Flynn, 53, was walking to her GPs on Thursday morning. A man told her to walk around a one-foot hole in the pavement. As she did so the ground gave way and she plummeted downwards. She lay stricken in the basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell on top of her. But miraculously she was not seriously injured and was taken to hospital.
Programmer Charanjeet Kondal has used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. He ran the same software when it was announced Kate was pregnant for the first time with Prince George.
An FBI agent's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car's window and stolen from a Salt Lake City hotel parking lot. The gun was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains. Police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using the momentum from another vehicle. The agent's gear bag, backpack and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft.
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year after Cassie Miller accidentally ran over the little girl with her car. The two women now run a charity called Raise for Rowyn to help other families who have experienced a similar type of grief.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment. She is due back in court on May 7.
Vandal smashed the front window of Foxtons in Brixton, South London. He then spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' on their housing ads. Thousands of people turned up for the event organised by the Reclaim Brixton group. They were demonstrating against rising house prices in the trendy area. One man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage, police said.
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in Truro, Cornwall. Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings in East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Her husband David Phillips, 48, had already been charge with grievous bodily harm with intent.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues. The bill includes a $10 fine for first-time offenders. Subsequent violations would lead to a $50 fine or mandatory community service.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. The satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors to help it harvest the sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber in his store. The robber stormed into Premier Stores in Flixton, Greater Manchester. He brandished a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till. CCTV footage shows the pair grappling over the knife before the shopkeeper was stabbed in the ear and hand. The thief managed to stagger to his feet and flee empty-handed.
The Mistley Thorn has been around for ten years, and revels in an understated luxury. The hotel is a two-minute walk from Mistley station which has services to London Liverpool Street. Decent baths, powerful showers, muted colours, tongue-and-groove, real ale and terrific nosh.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University, Georgia, last week after she refused to return an American flag to demonstrators. The flag-walking demonstration involved three protesters, university spokesman Andy Clark said. The university faced a backlash on social media after Manhart was issued a criminal trespass warning, essentially banning her from campus. Flag supporters gathered for a rally Friday afternoon, and university administrators said the possibility of thousands of people rallying on the outskirts of campus ultimately led to the decision to give students a day off.
Cameron will say Tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment to persuade voters the party is on their side. Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Sajid Javid, the only current Asian Tory seen as a potential contender.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours. Mr Wood served a starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans. He finished with a dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle. Her sandals remained in the footwell of the driver's seat of her car. The exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood. The gunmen shot both Mahmud and her mother, Mehnaz Mahmud.
Bruce Jenner, 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. Since then, he has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures, including a nose job and a facelift. In the mid-1980s, he started hormone therapy and was undergoing electrolysis to rid himself of his'repulsive' facial hair. In 2009, Bruce went under the knife again, ostensibly to 'correct' his previous procedures.
Manchester University in Indiana was in lockdown late on Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person. Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building. Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call.
Boffins are currently working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the tiny insects. One day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions.
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo said they were deliberately 'provoking people' BBC claimed the plate, which read H982 FKL, was an 'unhappy coincidence' The group's convoy was attacked as they drove through Patagonia. They were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate. Afterwards producers removed the plate and replaced it with another.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. The company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada. It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and in the late afternoon on the West Coast.
Far-Right supporters called themselves the East Kent English Patriots. They supported Nigel Farage at an event in Broadstairs on Friday evening. They were led by Gary Field, a former regional organiser for the EDL. Mr Field, who has a criminal record for assault, drank beers behind a cordon.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. The propaganda video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the ISIS stronghold Raqqa to help launch the Islamic State Health Service. The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. The video also features an Indian physiologist called Abu Muqatil al-Hindi, who says the physical therapy centre is one
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid. Blue Shield also mentioned Reid in their complaint, saying that at one event bankrolled by Kaufman's card she 'behaved inappropriately'
Nicola Sturgeon is said to be 'tickled' by painting of her as a dominatrix. It is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home. She was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell. Murrell is credited with transforming Sturgeon from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling drugs. Her friend Andrew Chan is expected to be put to death on Kerobokan prison on Tuesday. Indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015. She has told friends she 'wants to get it over with'
A vast sea of pilgrims have gathered at the Anzac Commemorative Site to mark the 100th anniversary of the bloody Gallipoli landings. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey a century ago.
Suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire. Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan, commander of the Iraqi first division, was killed. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region, north of Fallujah in the Anbar province.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. His sons Anthony and Ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone and overhauled his health. He turned his life around and remarkably, doctors say he is no longer diabetic  and he is off medication.
NBC journalists looking into alleged exaggerations told by Brian Williams are focusing on his time reporting in Egypt. In a February 2011 interview with Jon Stewart, the Nightly News anchor said he'made eye contact' with a government soldier who was beating protesters. However, there is no footage of Williams actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations 'turned sour'
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday. Henderson said that the unidentified vendor had been using the same default password since at least 1990. Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it. While Henderson and Byrne did not name the vendor using the password, a Google search pointed to Verifone.
A group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app Snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time. In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to Snapchat.
Gordon Brown says SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on independence are 'all evasion' Former prime minister says her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster to force another independence referendum. He urges 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour to end the bedroom tax, food bank poverty, zero-hours contracts and the neglect of the NHS.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday. Her body later turned up in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, which is more than 20 miles from the Bloomington campus. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge. Coroner said Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004. Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year. The case came to light last year when the woman went to a police station in Bell Gardens to report a domestic violence incident.
The nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at Stanford University in California - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall. Another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed ¼Tug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier. They are so successful they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a pre-Aztec pyramid in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years. Earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years. Because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends, deeper into the complex Gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king.
Gulf state's Constellation Hotels bought 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin. Coroin owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught. It is not known how much the deal is worth, but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion. Constellation also recently bought London Park Lane Hotel, and owns Le Grand hotel in Paris.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday, her last day of a trip to the park with her husband. Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' And shortly after praying, Clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt. She named the teardrop-shaped diamond the Hallelujah Diamond, claiming that her prayer helped her
Len Blavatnik topped the Sunday Times Rich List with a fortune of £13.2bn. Brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second placed as their wealth was valued at £13bn. Today the wealthiest 1,000 people based in Britain are collectively worth £547billion, up from £258billion in 2009, an increase of 112 per cent.
Amanda Goff, known to clients as Samantha X, is a former journalist. The 40-year-old wrote a book about her experience as a high-class escort. Ms Goff said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media. The mother-of-two said her harshest critics were other mothers concerned with the life of misery her children were expected to endure. She claims her job as a sex worker, is more ethical than her former career as a journalist in which she hid in bushes and illegally hacked phones.
Accused murderer Gable Tostee will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges. The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the Gold Coast from Splendour in the Grass, a music festival at Byron Bay. The incident was two weeks before New Zealand woman Warriena Tagpuno Wright fell to her death from the 14th storey balcony of his Surfers Paradise apartment. Judge Martin Blackmore dismissed his appeal for early release. He will be eligible for parole on August 1.
The Bureau of Meteorology issued a severe weather warning for Sydney, Wollongong and the Blue Mountains just before 3:20pm. By 4:15pm the severe storm had hit Sydney after coming in from the west. A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after suffering damage from the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews expected to work through the night to assess the damage. The NRL match between the Sydney Roosters' and St George Illawarra at Allianz Stadium in Sydney
Patient is being treated at the Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast. Public Health Agency confirmed the person had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. They are being assessed in accordance with the 'national risk assessment protocol' Lisa McMurray died at the same Belfast hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies while working in South Africa.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. McIntyre referred to the Anzac's landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. 'Wonder if the poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers pause today to consider the horror that all mankind suffered,' he wrote. The tweets were met with disgust by Twitter users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, of Tisdale, Saskatchewan, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were discovered Wednesday. Steve OShaughnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert. Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed. According to Latasha's parents, O'Shaughnessesy became increasingly worried that his partner would leave him and return to her husband.
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16 after a judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia. Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
The Anthem Of The Seas is Royal Caribbean's second Quantum-class liner. It is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer. The indoor SeaPlex activity area has bumper cars, a roller disco and circus school. The 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies.
Yener Torun, 32, has lived in Istanbul for 14 years and has over 50,000 followers on his Instagram page. He spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph. The architect aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city, as it contrasts with the ornate, Ottoman architecture.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas, according to reports. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012. Hamilton has a history of substance abuse and admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February. He has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on February 4, about the same time he filed for divorce from wife Katie.
A 26-year-old surfer is in a critical condition after being attacked by a shark in Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, in South Australia. Witnesses have described the horrifying moment that saw the man being mauled by a Great White shark. The man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes. He was taken to hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment.
Ron Ingraham, 67, spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on Thanksgiving. He eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of Friday Ingraham is missing again, in potentially even more danger than before. According to the U.S. Coast Guard, his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of Hawaii's Lanai island.
Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to make the couple, who held a commitment ceremony in June 2013, a cake after learning that they were lesbians. The Kleins disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. Oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the Christian bakers are were found guilty of discrimination earlier this year. A GoFundMe page for the family has already raised $101,000 as of Friday night.
18-year-old Xie Xu met his 19- year-old classmate Zhang Chi at Daxu High School in Xuzhou, a large city in the northern province of Jiangsu, in China. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight. Xie, who stands at 1.73 meters tall and weighs 75 kilos, decided to carry his friend around the school's campus to make sure he was able to attend his classes.
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies. Use of computers, social media and mobile phones is strictly forbidden behind bars. Yet, as this picture and his posts show, Lynch has been free to run a sneering Facebook site from his cell in Bedford Prison.
Fred Pagan, 49, is the office manager and personal assistant to Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS) Police seized 181.5 grams of meth from his home on Thursday. He has worked for Cochran since he was 16 years old and was paid $160,000 last year. Court documents say Pagan admits he acquired three loads of drugs through a dealer.
The mid-size ship, with an on-board climbing wall, is sailing away from RCI to Thomson and will get a new name, yet to be announced. Magellan, new flagship of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury. P&Os smallest ship, the 700-passenger Adonia, was built in 2001 as R8 She sailed for the one-ship cultural cruises company, accommodating 350 passengers, from 1996 until 2003.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was last seen by her family on April 21 in Rhydyfelin. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' at a flat in Pontypridd, Wales. Man named locally as Christopher May, 50, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients in more than a week. Eight patients were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. The antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine. Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private Lindo Wing of the hospital.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. His £70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as Kylie Minogue and Sir Cliff Richard. But walk into your local pub and its a fair bet many people, unless they follow the charts, will never have heard of him.
Coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red. The soft drink company has been putting scarlet tops on Diet Coke as well. Coke Zero, which is also sugar-free, and the reduced sugar Coke Life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour, in line with the designs of the labels around the middle.
Ed Miliband accused of trying to make political capital from Mediterranean tragedy. Labour leader claimed the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of PM's Libya policy. Senior Conservatives claimed Mr Miliband was effectively accusing the Prime Minister of murder in a desperate and negative attempt to score political points by exploiting a human tragedy.
PM was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities. He said: 'This a country where people of all faiths, all colours, creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place. 'Of course, I'd rather you supported West Ham' Cameron has been a Villa fan since his teens and was taken to a game by his uncle Sir William Dugdale, who was club chairman.
The Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox each lost Saturday without playing a game. Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions. Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and outfielder Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each. catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan. The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit. The two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the plea deal. The sentencing will be in June.
Cosmo Australia editor Bronwyn McCahon says she regrets that her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before presenting her with its Fun Fearless Female Award. But she says the award - which is given to inspiring women in times of 'triumph and adversity' - won't be taken off Ms Gibson. 'If we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said. Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival. Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live
Grace Mann, 20, was found choked to death in her home last week. Her third roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with murder. Mann's parents, local judge Thomas Mann and his wife Melissa, paid tribute. They said their daughter wanted the world to be a 'beautiful place and a kind place'
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, had been visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, when on April 11 their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road. The women survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow. A pilot noticed a reflection off the Ford Explorer and landed the police helicopter on shore, finally ending the women's unexpected wilderness adventure.
The New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father. The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark. The mother admitted to being a 'little on guard' about taking her daughter, but that the girl was 'dying to go', so the mom looked up clips of the show on YouTube and deemed them age-appropriate.
A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake. Among those listed on Google Person Finder is Sebastian Lovera, a 22-year-old qualified skiing and diving instructor, from Tonbridge, Kent. Laura Wood, 23, from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, has been trekking in the Himalayas without any means of making contact.
Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when he was asked about LGBT issues - and replied 'yes' when asked if he was a Republican. Interviewer Diane Sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night. Jenner added that neither the Republicans nor Democrats had a'monopoly on understanding' and said he would lobby the GOP over LGBT rights. 'I would do that, yeah, in a heartbeat,' he said.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman appeared to blame vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism' Oliur Rahman, who took over from deposed leader yesterday, insisted there was deep-rooted racism within the East London borough of Tower Hamlets. His comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud and found he had repeatedly played the race card to silence critics.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans. Officials from the United States and Sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes. New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton swooned over the 'boy band' of four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in The Big Apple this week.
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting. The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700. Each WorkLounge features a mini LED task light, a power outlet, personal work surface that adjusts up to a 40 degree pitch, a privacy screen and a foot rest.
'Black Mass', the upcoming film starring Johnny Depp and Dakota Johnson, has already upset the families of some of Bulger's many victims. Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, and his relatives are sure Bulger killed his sister, Debra Davis, in 1981. Following the release of the first Black Mass trailer this week, Mr Davis said he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy. Black Mass is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'
A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on. Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger at the club. A spokesperson for Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was'mortified and deeply upset' by the incident.
Angela Merkel has demanded a new European Union system. She said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean. Hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy. David Cameron insisted on Thursday that the UK would not take any of the refugees.
Bus ploughed into passenger plane at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. Plane believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 passenger jet. Passengers escaped injury, but the incident caused disruption for hundreds. In October 2014 a Ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane at Dublin Airport.
Children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone, the study showed. Researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in New York. They measured factors such as the adults level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed.
Teenager in Shimla, India, gives a monkey the middle finger as he walks past. The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and throws itself at the teenager. He is sent sprawling onto the ground, while the monkey bounds back up again. The monkeys of the Shimla region have a reputation for aggression. They are known to roam about in gangs, stealing tourists' food and rummaging through bags.
Kangaroos eat and live like cats and dogs, grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets. Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mothers pouch when she was hit by a car. Suzie Nellist, from Innisfail in far north of Queensland, found Wally the wallaby on top of his dead mother on the side of the road and took him home to nurse him
Peter Moore was shocked after receiving the document from HM Revenue and Customs. Letter was addressed to the'representative' of Peter William John Moore. Added that officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax. The 47-year-old pottery factory worker has demanded an apology from the Government.
Bulgarians love their traditional music. They have a TV channel devoted to it, and one show features people of all ages swaying in stately unison. When asked to include something in the capsule aboard the Voyager 2 space probe, they sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares. Many hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes.
Rand Paul, 52, shared a Snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous 'King of Instagram' Dan Blizerian. The pair were playing Liar's Poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes. In the clip, the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands, playing what appears to be Liars Poker. The goal of the game, according to Investopedia.com, is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions when he reportedly began attacking officers. David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident and later died at a local hospital. Two officers involved in the incident suffered head injuries that are not considered serious.
The two members of the Navy's elite sea, air, land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member around 3pm local time at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. The names of the SEALS are being withheld pending notification of next of kin. The SEALS were swimming in lap lanes and were not wearing gear at the time.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl at Rydens School. The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car. Father-of-one was giving one-to-one tuition in a'serious' breach of his position of trust. Shorter admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child. He was bailed to appear at Guildford Crown Court on May 8.
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover, the mother of his two eldest children. They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their son Brandon. A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. But when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night. With a'somber look' Bruce told Linda - who had braced herself for the revelation of perhaps an affair - that he
The Football League Awards celebrate their 10th anniversary this year. A team of the best players from below England's top tier during that decade has been put together. Real Madrid star Gareth Bale heads the list of those who have spent time in anywhere between the second and fourth tier of English football. He is joined by seven current Barclays Premier League players.
Luke Shaw has started seeing a psychologist in recent weeks. The 19-year-old has struggled to live up to his £28million price tag. Shaw has played 19 times in all competitions for United this season. The left back returned to the team against Chelsea on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service. Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for 'conspiracy related to the drug offenses'
Colin Shearing, 70, was convicted of indecent assault on a six-year-old girl. He was given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order' But he fled across the Channel to Paris to avoid being jailed for the attack. Shearing booked himself into the Hotel des Nations in Paris. He then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of police.
John Caudwell, founder of Phones4U, bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million in 2011. The new apartment block will contain five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 more luxury flats. But it could face trouble getting planning permission - as VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements and nine storeys.
Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch. Later the Queen led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall. Afterwards the Queen joined a service of remembrance at Westminster Abbey.
John Doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross the road to school. Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing down. Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past. He then told the driver to be more careful and told him to open his eyes. But after Rustemi had dropped off his daughter at a different school, he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper and attacked Mr Doyle.
Rebecca Rice, 16, had tried everything to calm her nerves ahead of exam. But the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog. After confiding in her teacher Lorette Esteve it was decided she could take Holly into the five-minute recorded French oral test.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 28th minute against his former side. Darren Bent made it 3-0 just 58 seconds into the second half. Ince made it 4-0 with a thumping penalty in the 65th minute.
Married mother-of-two Sian Harkin, 54, abused her position of authority. She signed cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder claiming the work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth, Wales. The proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors. Instead, work was carried out on Harkin's home in Pontypridd, which she shares with her bank manager husband Anthony and their two children. She 'dabbled' in school funds while headteacher of the primary for nine years.
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich after eight minutes. Eoin Doyle equalised for Cardiff in the 13th minute. Cole Skuse made it 2-1 in the 29th minute with his first Ipswich goal. Daryl Murphy added a third in the 90th minute to seal the win.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Baggies. Peace is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club. There is interest from groups from America, Australia and China. The Baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the Premier League.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150million and £200million. Groups from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested in buying Albion. Peace confirmed he would be open to offers in February. Manager Tony Pulis has been assured that the deal will be done by July, so as not to affect pre-season.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has spent more than £200million on players since taking charge in June 2012. But the Reds are yet to win a trophy during his time in charge. Manchester United and Chelsea have won more trophies than Liverpool.
Capital One yesterday became the first provider to scrap its cashback offer for new customers because of restrictions that will squeeze profits. The company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from June 1. Last month, the European Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2 per cent of the transaction value for debit cards and 0.3 per cent for credit cards.
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal and belongs to India. It has remained untouched by modern civilisation for hundreds of years. The Sentinelese tribe have rejected modern civilisation and are hostile to outsiders. They have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions. To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by, despite having worked for McDonald's for five years. Alvarez is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Edward Moore, 24, was assistant director of music at King Edward's School. He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office, court heard. Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, was jailed for nine months on Friday. He admitted two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years.
Bristol City became the first side in the Football League to win promotion as they beat Bradford 6-0. The Robins reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season at Valley Parade. James Tavernier's brace and further goals from Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham sealed victory.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares that can endanger Earth. The bands, which appear in each hemisphere of the sun, cause the solar cycle to actually become a longer cycle that lasts 22 years.
Trials show Avastin gives women around four months extra life. Drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators. Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF) until it is considered for routine NHS use. Nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the UK each year.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery. Coroner ruled he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor's errors. He said an unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver the baby using forceps in an unorthodox and unacceptable way. Senior managers at Lincoln County Hospital tried to remove the fact that forceps had been used from an account of the birth.
Dina Amos-Larkin, 21, was attending a sports festival in Salou, Spain. She fell while talking to her mother on the phone on April 3. Law student, who represents Great Britain at trampolining, was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago.
Philip Gigante, 41, is the grandson of Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante. His grandfather was the head of the Genovese crime family. He was elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York. The Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job.
A Queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey. The man, who only gave his name as Chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbanes south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank. The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey. The package was picked up from the sender in Nathan, Queensland, on Monday, April 20 at 12:26pm. It was then sent 934kms to an Australia Post facility in Chullora, NSW, to be processed, and arrived on
Protein World's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model asking 'Are you beach body ready?' Campaigners launched a scathing attack on the protein supplement company after the advert began appearing on the London Underground three weeks ago. More than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed and a demonstration planned for this weekend in protest. The companys marketing boss claimed the firm is just trying to make the nation healthier
Tony Hunt's daughter's cat Harry was hit by a patrol car near his home. But instead of contacting the family, officers knocked on a neighbour's door. A witness then described seeing them'scooping Harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car' Mr Hunt spent two days putting up lost cat posters in his area before finding out what had happened from a local teenager. When he contacted police, officers coldly told him Harry had been disposed of
At least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta, and crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters. The storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the Coast Guard around 9p.m., Petty officer Carlos Vega said. More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta in Mobile Bay. The boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race.
Gibraltar could be new home of Britain's nuclear submarines if SNP succeeds in ridding Scotland of Trident. MoD officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to the naval base on the Clyde. SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but both the Conservatives and Labour have committed to retaining the base.
Duchess of Cambridge due to give birth at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. Royal's baby is expected before the end of April - with the due date initially reported as yesterday, but later claimed to be as early as Wednesday last week. Kate is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced, it was claimed today.
The latest Costa will open on the site of the former HSBC branch. Less than 500 yards away is a Costa which replaced a cycle shop earlier this year. It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart. And anyone really desperate can always stop off at the Costa Express in between.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote the letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital. He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children. Brady murdered five children between 1963 and 1965 along with Myra Hindley. The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor.
Jisr al-Shughour captured by al-Qaeda linked Islamist alliance on Saturday. Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter. He preaches as a'saviour' claiming the al-Nusra front has'saved these oppressed people' Despite the man claiming that the Islamist have 'liberated' the city, the inhabitants of the city can be seen fleeing on foot and in whatever vehicles available. Hours after the video was filmed, Syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes on the city.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater.
Perry Clawson set up camp outside Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville. Retired Army colonel said members had 'p*****d off' servicemen. He was one of many veterans to respond to allegations of abuse by frat boys. One said students spat on him and his service dog while on vacation. Another said they hurled beer bottles and urinated on the U.S. flag. University of Florida chapter has been suspended and three members expelled.
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash driving near his summer home in Barnard, Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene. It's believed that Freeh fell asleep behind the wheel before the August 25, 2014 crash.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday. He hasn't been on a single cookery course or even had one lesson. Everything the 38 year old knows about cooking is self-taught. He learned from reading recipe books or watching television shows. He sharpens his skills by practicing on his four children.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. The NHS says the guidance will improve patients' end of life care. But medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' and will frighten the elderly into thinking they are being 'written off'
London Mayor launches personal assault on rival on BBC's Andrew Marr Show. Miliband responds: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' The pair's encounter quickly descended into a furious shouting match. Mr Johnson said Labour could not take power without the support of the SNP.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache. She was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility. But midway through the appointment, Attley started to create a fuss. Dental hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her son - and one even offered to halt the treatment and return when she was finished. But a short while later, the dentist and another female employee came into the room. The latter reportedly told Tayler that she was not permitted to breastfeed
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome were hospitalised in England over the past 12 months. But the actual number affected by their mother' s drinking could be far greater, experts have warned. Research by the World Health Organisation suggests that at least one in 100 babies born in the UK could suffer learning and behavioural problems because of exposure to alcohol.
A new video shows what children can teach us about anger. Reveals what goes on in a child's mind when they become angry. Also explains how to calm down by taking deep breaths. Mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being.
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, southern Russia. Two of the women were jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison. Two others escaped with fines, while another dancer avoided punishment altogether as she was under 16. Prosecutors said 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war.
Estate agents offering higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for same property. Wealthy buyers are demanding a lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the Labour leader if he becomes Prime Minister. Mr Miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the NHS.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet. It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013  four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget. BBC has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms and spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov, an anti-ageing expert, believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks. He also makes sure he is administered with vaccines as soon as they are available.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November. She was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $1,000 to for her dress had closed down. Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same generic email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming, some of them with weddings only weeks away. The brides-to-be banded together to create a Facebook page that would allow them to 'connect' and'support each other'
Bristol University study found drinking a glass of wine makes you more attractive. But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions. Study found alcohol has 'positive pulling power' but only if the person isn't too intoxicated. Academics have previously confirmed the existence of the 'beer goggles' phenomenon.
Alaska State Troopers say 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars. Earlier Friday, an officer spotted Christian driving a 2014 motorhome near Wasilla. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks.
David Cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign. He will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. The Prime Minister has faced criticism over a campaign lacking in passion. Yesterday, Mr Cameron defended his campaign against criticism it is too narrow.
80% of Brits go crackers for cheddar, according to a new survey. Least favourite cheeses are Greek feta, French Camembert and American cream cheese. One in four cheese fanatics admit to eating melted cheese with everything. Three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day.
Stephen A. Smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on ESPN's First Take. Nine months after claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence, Smith tried to to claim that boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr's career should be looked at separate from his domestic violence history. In the discussion, he told fellow anchor Cari Champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and'should feel that way'
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hairs, while he returns the favours with waxing, spray tans and eyelash tints. Mike was enlisted to step in when Sharon was training to become a professional waxer and needed someone to practise on. One hair incident involved Sharon attempting to give her husband a 'number one', and ended up cutting his scrotum.
A new poll has revealed that Diana is the favourite option for baby if it is a girl. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent of the vote each. The choices were echoed on social media today, with many Twitter users claiming they would be delighted if Kate and William decided to name the baby after his mother.
Prime Minister claims Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed' Warns SNP will prop up minority Labour government to bring forward independence. But Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling. Polls suggest the General Election race is still neck and neck, with the UK heading for a hung parliament and coalition negotiations.
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis. But patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit. Sulforadex in its natural form is also too unstable to turn into a medicine. UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug and turned into sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. The stunning turquoise ball gown Hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown, and her boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage. Hurd has since been diagnosed with myocarditis, an inflammation of
Holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the Holden Colorado- SUV or ute- to have their cars checked out immediately. The models said to be affected were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. Holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making unnecessary contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray.
Zoe O'Connell, 37, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex. She lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. Ms Brown and Ms Knight were once a straight married couple  when Ms Brown was a man. The two are now in a civil partnership.
Paula Radcliffe, 41, has won the London Marathon three times. The mother-of-two has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race. She said this week: 'I'm going in unfit and unprepared for a marathon' But she's still likely to clock one of the fastest times of the day.
Oil painting of a Catholic saint was believed to be the work of a 'follower' of 16th century renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests the untitled, undated and unsigned painting may actually have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little. He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter, who shares his name. Auctioneer Richard Bromell gave the work an estimated value of between £300 and £400.
Renee Somerfield, the genetically-blessed Australian Model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert, has responded to the backlash against the campaign. The yellow Protein World ad, currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground, features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' The sight of the 24-year-old's toned figure towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners.
Red is a colour that radiates energy and sexiness. But that can all be wrecked if the style doesn't suit you. We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work  and which absolutely don't. Lace may be back in fashion, but to me its unfailingly ageing.
Professor Stephen Hawking appeared at the Sydney Opera House on Saturday night as a 3D hologram. He was asked about the cosmological effect of former One Direction singer Zayn Malik leaving the boy band. Professor Hawking joked that in another different universe 'Zayn is still in One Direction' He also spoke about the mysteries of the universe, being diagnosed with ALS, and the future of our planet.
Intrepid Travel, who run 800 trips across the world, have decided not to take any more bookings to Nepal until May 11. Those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip. The company confirmed to MailOnline Travel that their 200 clients who are currently in the country have all been accounted for and are safe.
An Ohio woman was shocked this month when an officer cited her for leaving her dog in a hot car but, instead of writing a ticket, the cop forced her to sit inside to see how it feels. Last year, Shelly Nicholas in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was told to sit in her hot car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation. While this may not be a legitimate police practice, officers have reason for concern in these situations, according to the American Veterinary Medical Association. Even short periods in such heat can cause heat stroke and irreversible organ damage in your dog.
David Duane Watson, a 46-year-old Tucson firefighter, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35. Police say the dispute continued after Watson's murder as her mother Marilyn Cox, 63, tried to obtain visitation rights. Three years after her daughter went missing, Cox and her neighbor Renee Farnsworth, 53, were shot dead in the driveway of Linda Watson's home. Watson has been charged in all three homicides, with police cited DNA evidence.
Orphaned chimp was found cowering in a tiny wooden box. She had been kept in the box for two weeks by animal traffickers. The men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea.
George and Amal's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend. Guests included Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon. Venice's only'seven star' hotel, the Aman Canal Grande, is located on the Grand Canal. The hotel's heated swimming pool, set in extensive gardens, is filled with heated seawater.
A man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. A man contacted police Friday after noticing he was driving in front of the truck that had been stolen from him earlier that morning near Piedmont. According to the Fox affiliate, police attempted to pull over the reportedly stolen vehicle -- but the driver, 29-year-old Terry Proctor, did not stop. Proctor was captured after a foot chase, Calhoun County Chief Deputy Matthew Wade has said.
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe. He joked that everyone should back his team  but then named West Ham instead. Mr Cameron said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things' He said he started supporting Aston Villa because his uncle was 'involved in the club' In fact, the PM's late uncle Sir William Dugdale was Aston Villa's chairman from 1975 to 1982.
Nicola Sturgeon says Ed Miliband 'won't have the votes to do what he likes' Scottish First Minister reiterates call for Labour to 'work together to lock the Tories out' Comes after Mr Miliband said he would not enter into any deal with SNP after election. Labour expected to suffer heavy losses in Scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010.
Karla Hornby gave birth to baby Freddie by emergency caesarean section. The 29-year-old was on holiday in Benidorm with partner Jordan Jackson. Mr Jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps, is meant to report back for service tomorrow. The couple have been told they will have to stay in Spain for at least three months while Freddie builds up his strength.
Shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them. A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island. The men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously. Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans with food.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. If the 12 final jurors decide that Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital. If not, prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole.
Suzanne Evans said she would step in if Nigel Farage quits due to ill health. Ukip leader is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication. He has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win in Thanet South. Miss Evans is seen as the party's rising star and has been increasingly tipped as Mr Farage's successor because of strong media performances.
Mark-Francis Vandelli is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist. The 26-year-old has been collecting watches since his teens. His most expensive watch is a Cartier white gold Moonphase. He also owns a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42 and a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua.
Chris Blowes, 26, is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark. The attack took place at Fishery Bay, Port Lincoln, South Australia. Mr Blowes is in a critical condition at the Royal Adelaide hospital. Witnesses said the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg in its mouth.
PM faced first serious criticism of the campaign so far this morning. Tory donors rounded on party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in polls. But a defiant Mr Cameron pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare.
Radio 1's Chart Show has been branded a 'banal failure' by Paul Gambaccini. Veteran presenter has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show. Blamed presenters' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for slump in ratings. He said he was particularly annoyed about last week's show when host Clara Amfo dismissed superstar Paul Simon.
Security officers were out in force at Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday. Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot. The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' from ISIS.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage. A woman also had to be rescued from her car after she became trapped in the rising waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east. The Bureau of Meteorology NSW Manager of Weather Services, Andrew Treloar said the storm could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions.
Shadow business secretary said Nigel Farage had 'a problem with race' Mr Umunna's remarks come after Mr Farage was dragged into a fresh racism storm. National Front members turned up to campaign for him in his South Thanet constituency. The row started after a group of far-Right supporters called themselves the East Kent English Patriots supported Mr Farage at an event.
According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts. Women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs. In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
The Hudsonian Godwit was spotted at the Shapwick Heath in Somerset. More than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird. It is believed the large shorebird - that was heading to its breeding grounds in Canada and Alaska - was last seen in the UK in 1988.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. Vian told shareholders that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation' He did not give any details about a proposed launch date for the second version. New versions of Google Glass are thought to aim at a lower cost, longer battery life and improved sound quality.
More than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night. Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight.
Danny Nickerson was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments. Last July, his request for a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world. On Friday night, his mother, Carley Nickerson, wrote that her 'precious sweet boy earned his angel wings' after a 'courageous 18 month battle' A mass will be held on Wednesday to celebrate his life.
More than 2,500 people died in the 7.8 magnitude earthquake which hit Nepal yesterday morning. The monuments of Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture. But several of the most recognisable buildings in the city, including towers and temples, now lie in rubble.
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs. 'She has no vision at all without her glasses,' her mother Amanda said. LifeTouch School Photography has apologized to the family and will re-take Abby's school picture for free.
In ancient times, Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men. The word 'lesbian' actually meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man. Lesbos had a reputation for producing very beautiful women, the TV show will reveal. The programme examines the life and legacy of the female poet Sappho.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, on October 26. She was wearing a leaf-covered top and a dark purple wig when she disappeared. Her body was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks in Ash Township on Friday. The cause of death could take up to a month to be determined due to the advanced decomposition of the body.
Nepal is under constant threat of earthquake of natural disaster. Experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents. Just a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital Kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster.
Two-year-old Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex, is a royal lookalike. His mother, whose name is Kate, is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the princes lookalikes. Mrs Cox, 35, a sales and marketing manager, first noticed the similarities between Tommy and Prince George when the prince was christened in October 2013.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Martens work in 1843. Boasting stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace, the 416sqm inner city block property has a large northerly garden with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks.
Sarah and Mark Brennan, from south Wales, had ten miscarriages in ten years. They never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they'd never conceive naturally. Last September they defied doctors to have Eryn, who was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz. The couple, who met when they were 18, decided to call their daughter Eryn Elisabeth.
Around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when ISIS fighters attacked Yazidi villages in northern Iraq last summer. Yazidi women and girls have been separated from their families, forced to convert to Islam and repeatedly raped by ISIS fighters. Now, some Kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to'reverse the loss of virginity' on the victims, some as young as eight.
A second person is dead after a body was found in Alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats near Mobile Bay. Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday. The regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people. Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities. Coast Guard Capt. Duke Walker said ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta.
María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night after spending nearly 9 years behind bars. She was paroled last year after moving her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. When a Family Court judge in Bergen County ordered her to bring the child back within 10 days or go to jail, she refused, declaring that she would rather die in jail than bring her daughter back to New Jersey. Last week, Innes relented and chose to give his daughter what she wanted--
Invitations to service at St Paul's Cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the Duke of Wellington's historic victory over Napoleon in 1815. Instead, the service will focus on the 'pan-European' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed. Move criticised by politicians, who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Anais Zanotti has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim. The 30-year-old now teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane. She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other amateur junkies. Anais, from Saint-Tropez, France, started modelling aged 16.
The works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor, Peter O'Mara's home in Darling Point. Three years after the theft, police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property. All of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found. The artworks were delivered to the Art Gallery of New South Wales and have been ruled to Chubb Insurance for possession.
Ivan Milat shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962, more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree. Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars. Dillon even confessed to the crime, in an attempt to protect his own brother. Boris Milat told the program a secret about his brother he had kept for more than 52 years. A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers.
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse. He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he is innocent, and that he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014. He claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their home. His now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrh
SBS has sacked its football reporter Scott McIntyre over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets. McIntyre condemned the commemoration of Anzac Day on Twitter yesterday, calling it 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' He accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft' McIntyre's comments sparked outrage late on Anzac day, with Communications Minister Malcolm Turnball calling them 'despicable remarks' and social media users taking to twitter to spread the #sackScottMcIntre hashtag. SBS has since responded with an official apology for offence caused,
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail. She was arrested by a BART officer, which she said she deserved because she was being drunk and belligerent. But she claims she was forcefully slammed to the ground and left severely injured. She is seeking unspecified damages in the U.S. District Court in San Francisco and names BART and Officer Pianta as defendants.
The scent of Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in. Police said the boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows, and he was taken to PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center in Vancouver. Following the incident, Perry was taken into custody on accusations of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant.
Bill Spedding, 63, was charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault on Wednesday. He was arrested at his Bonny Hills home on the NSW mid-north coast at about 1.30pm. The 63-year-old was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell, who disappeared from Kendall in NSW's mid north coast on September 12 last year. The mother of the three young boys, who cannot be named, was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse. 'Someone... needs to be held accountable,'
James Hayward had his toy gun confiscated at East Midlands Airport. The four-year-old was frisked by airport security and forced to hand it over. The toy, which fires sponge darts, was deemed a security risk. The boy's father has described the security checks as 'ludicrous'
Vladimir Putin said phone records show contact between separatists and US. He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush. But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces in Russia.
Robin Barton, 25, was just four hours old when Michael Buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on November 21, 1989. The two met for the first time since the incident, which occurred 25 years ago, last week and embraced. Barton was adopted by Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County and he said he's been 'blessed with a great family' He now hopes to help find the man's biological mother.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. The strong link between smell and memory is the reason her product will provide 'olfactory comfort' to customers.
SNL star Cecily Strong made some pretty funny jokes at the White House Correspondents Dinner as she pokes fun of Washington and even the President. The funny lady's memorable speech might have stolen the show, but it was her stunning gown that had the wow factor. Her dress is available online at Bergdorf Goodman in orange but comes with a price tag of almost $6000. Steal Cecily's look for less with our selection of floral gowns that would not cost an arm or a leg.
The Grand Prismatic Spring in Yellowstone National Park is the first largest hot spring in the world. The Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia are said to be the chimneys of fairies who lived underground. The Salar de Uyuni salt flats are the largest salt flats in the entire world, covering a whopping 4085 square miles.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston. During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. The one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, dropped through the basket with an audible swish. Just before the full-court shot hit nothing but net, 'King James' said: 'Give me my money'
Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday has shown a swing towards the Tories against Miliband's Labour party. Fear of Nicola Sturgeon among Labour voters in England is pushing them towards Nigel Farage. The Tories are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip 18 and the Lib Dems 9  the third Survation poll in a row to show a lead for the Tories.
Hippopotamus could be seen standing its ground against the young lions in the depths of Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. The hippo attempted to scare off the three-year-old lions as they tried to attack the mammal at the nature reserve in the west of the country. As the lions continue to taunt the hippo, the large mammal turns around and charges out of the water towards the two young lions. The dramatic altercation was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp.
Courtney Terry, 27, has a kidney cancer so rare it does not have a name. She was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago. Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, her kidney cancer returned when she became pregnant in 2009. She had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition. Now she and her family are relying on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicde. Police were called to a home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday and found Adeyinka AdebAMIro stabbed. The argument allegedly began after the victim found photos on Adebatiro's cellphone that she had taken of pictures he had stored on his mobile phone. The stored pictures were of Adebiro's sister and the nanny's daughter. At some point after the argument, a single stab wound severed the victim's carotid artery and jug
Former Top Gear host spotted laughing with traffic warden in London. Warden recognized him immediately and the pair chatted for a few minutes. The warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the Lamborghini. Clarkson was sensationally sacked from Top Gear by the BBC last month.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door in Horwich. His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who took a picture. The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people. It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares.
Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week, descended into chaos on Saturday night. After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards, where the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings. Spectators at the game, with a reported attendance of 36,757, were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police. Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries, as well as suspected leg fractures, but remained conscious during the efforts to cut him free. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash. Firefighters spent 25 minutes trying to free the man from the car.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between Swansea and Belleville on Friday morning. She died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. The 58-year-old was licensed by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources as a wildlife rehabilitator. She also was involved with the Bi-State Wildlife Hotline of Missouri and Illinois.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson has been filmed lashing out at an aggressive AFL fan after his team's narrow loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. The footage shows a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan, taunting Clarkson as he made his way back to his Adelaide hotel room. The man reportedly 'got in his face' yelling 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?' In 2006, Clarkson was fined $5000 for abusing umpires on a flight and in 2008 he was fined for criticising umpire's performance over a defeat to Geelong.
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Birmingham. The 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said: 'Please arrest me' Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at Birmingham Crown Court.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green with Shamima Begum, 15 and Kadiza Sultana, 16, in February. She is believed to be living in the Syrian city of Raqqa with other 'jihadi brides' Amira has now tweeted from inside the Islamic State for the first time. She posted picture of Western-style takeaway, including fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat.
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand to be the next Mayor of Tower Hamlets. Mr Erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats to have Lutfur Rahman unseated from office by an electoral court. Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes. He was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing.
Christopher May, 50, will appear at Pontypridd Magistrates' Court tomorrow. He has been charged in connection with the murder of Tracey Woodford, 47. Her body was found dismembered in a flat in Ponty pridd, south Wales. Ms Woodford is believed to have been attacked in woodland on Tuesday. Her family have paid tribute to her as'very kind-hearted' and'selfless'
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. Ed Miliband will say Labours reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten first- time buyers  saving them £5,000 in tax. Labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance, higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief.
John Caudwell, 62, bought Broughton Hall in Staffordshire 20 years ago for £800,000. He has lived there for 20 years after making money from his mobile-phone company Phones4U. Tycoon claims visitors to his 50-room Jacobean manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs. He believes the ghostly goings-on are caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict.
Acting CEO Maura Pally apologized for'mistakenly combined' grants and donations. She said the foundation would'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on audited statements. Pally said that money received from a businessman when he was seeking State Department approval for selling his company to Russia could not be disclosed under Canadian law. However, the tempered apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for one of America's most powerful political families.
Lord Janner is accused of molesting young boys in children's homes in 1970s and 1980s. Prosecutors say there is 'overwhelming' cause to charge him with 22 charges. But the director for public prosecutions said his dementia made him unfit to face trial. Lawyers are now considering whether to test him for dementia as part of civil claims brought by alleged victims.
All Aboard! The Canal Trip follows a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph. There is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong. The film was shot on a sunny day last month and will air on May 5.
'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of the 26-year-old animal lover, who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox. Harvey Nichols, which has 12 locations around the world and previously stood against the fur industry, backtracked last year when it quietly re-introduced it.
PC Luke Stanwick, 30, is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma. He may never walk again after the 'horrendous' accident in Portugal. The police officer from Hailsham, East Sussex, was on holiday with his wife Jenny and their two-year-old son, Nathan. He remains in hospital in the Portuguese capital, Lisbon, for extensive surgery.
Ed Miliband confirmed he would press on with controversial plans to cap rents. He said it would give millions of forgotten renters a fairer deal. But the Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were riddled with loopholes Under the proposals, landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945. Hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials. Joachim Gauck, the German president, said the British soldiers were 'ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge' Ronald Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, also attended the memorial. He said 70 years on 'we hear the same anti-Semitic lies'
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C, it was found. The weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight, exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly, according to a confidential report. The findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the German-made firearm, which is used by law enforcement officers across the UK.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas. Jon Reiter, a contractor from Kenwood, California, was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit. He described how he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive. Ashleigh Stumler from Charlotte, North Carolina, thought she was getting dizzy as she hiked on Mount Everest, but a guide soon informed her it was an earthquake.
Aaron Lennon, 28, is on loan to Everton from Tottenham Hotspur. He went to Suede nightclub in Manchester with friends on April 4. The venue is popular with Premier League footballers and singer Trey Songz. But waitress claims she was attacked by the player in the VIP section. She fled to the toilet in tears and told police Lennon had left her with a bruise below her eye. Lennon was interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault.
The Disneyland Book of Lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure. You will find out how many people have given birth in Disneyland, what the official pet food brand is, and how the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day. Disneyland in California is the only theme park designed and built under the direct supervision of Walt Disney.
Study of 18,500 patients found people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe, and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms. Findings published in the British Journal of General Practice.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. On Saturday, hundreds of people gathered to remember Sanchez with a road race, fried food and live music. The event included a kickball tournament, bounce houses and a dunk tank.
News of the royal delivery will then also be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of Buckingham Palace. When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced to journalists in an emailed press release. A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then taken by police escort to Buckingham Palace and displayed at the gates.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called priority crimes The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government. Now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police.
Chris Lewis, 68, is suing ex-wife Nicola, 48, for more than £300,000. He claims she had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage. She had a child - Charlie, now 19 - as a result but led him to believe the boy was his, he argues. DNA tests now prove that Charlie is not his biological son, he says.
Christopher Marinello, 53, is the founder of Art Recovery International. He has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art in the past two decades. He is representing the heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in their bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise. It was found in a squalid Munich flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt.
A wake was held for Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap. Gray was detained on April 12 after he ran away from police. He asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention, but was denied. Gray's funeral will be held on Monday.
A handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches last week. But its only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. Whether youre a fitness fanatic, want to track your sleep and calorie intake or simply like the idea of checking your emails on your wrist, there's a watch that could make your life easier.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to ask it to 'urgently review' its decision to almost double some fares. Passengers travelling with the rail firm between London and the Cotswolds could face increases of up to 87 per cent come May 17. Other sharp price hikes include an off-peak first-class single from Crewe to Northampton on London Midlands.
Mother-of-four, 57, had her first experience of depression as a child. Things were so difficult at one point that she planned to crash her car. She has been married to TV chef Phil Vickery, 53, for 15 years. The couple met on the TV food show Ready, Steady, Cook.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed American Airline officials. Detectives subsequently searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries. The miniature liquor bottle were hidden in one of her closets.
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group, ordered by the White House, is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters. Foley's mother Diane said that officials from President Barack Obama's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son. The Obama administration has denied making any such threats.
The total would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of NBC's Nightly News goes far deeper than previously reported. Williams was publicly suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq. Further scrutiny of Williams's record turned up other questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel.
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman claims Britons today have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the Victorian era. He has drawn parallels between modern-day Britain and 100BC in Rome - when the city was at its most powerful. But over subsequent centuries there was a rise in social divisions, inequality and political tensions which resulted in its demise.
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald owe £20million to HMRC. They were told to pay back cash 11 months ago after 'investment' scheme was ruled invalid. It is understood the trio are dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. Taxpayers' Alliance has criticised the delay, with pressure mounting.
Seven female students, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman who was pretending to be a man. The victims all believed they were involved in a relationship with a Mormon man living in the same state. And the women had a chance to confront the woman, named Kayla, on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday. Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon. 'I'm sorry that I dragged you guys into my mess.
One painting shows moment Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meet the Wizard of Oz for the first time. The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz and home to the Wizard, sold for £10,000. Both paintings, from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith, were used to work out how the scenes might look.
Pippa Middleton is said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies for the royal baby. A self-warming bottle and a baby'shusher' are also on the market in 2015. Muslin squares, scratch mittens and Babygros still feature on'must have' lists.
The fossilised item is said to be the world's largest intact dinosaur skull, measuring 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long. It is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 5.2 ft (1.6 metres) high and 4.6ft ( 1.4 metres) wide. The fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction. However, the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it for more information.
Colin Farrell, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew. He hasn't dated in four years and is now focusing on his acting career. He is also a devoted father to his two sons James Padraig, 11, and Henry Tadeusz, five. The actor is about to appear in the second series of True Detective.
The U.S. Supreme Court's arguments on Tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than. two decades of litigation and a transformation in public. attitudes. Based on the court's actions during the past two years, a sense of inevitability is in the air: That a majority is on the. verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide. Justice Anthony Kennedy has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. to 1996. An element of uncertainty hovers over Chief Justice John. Roberts, who broke with the other court conservatives and cast the deciding vote upholding President Barack Obama's healthcare law in 2012.
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. The results are a spectacular set of dramatic images, which currenlty form part of an exhibition at New York's Foto-Care Gallery. Born in 1977, the Japanese artist first began his career as a marine photographer, travelling the world.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men. They then travelled abroad to join terror groups, including JIhadi John. The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where Emwazi hung out. Security services are believed to be investigating his influence on the London Boys terror cell of which Enwazi was a part.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week. She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and never learned to cook a proper meal. She was so overweight she became out of breath walking up stairs. Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke at just 23. She decided to lose weight and quit smoking and is now a size 12. She said: 'I'm proof that you can succeed and I want to feel healthy forever'
Corinthian Colleges will shut down all of its remaining 28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30 million. The closures include Heald College campuses in California, Hawaii and Oregon, as well as Everest and WyoTech schools. Corinthian was one of the country's largest for-profits but collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations. It agreed to sell or close its campuses under pressure from the department.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. She has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain. A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the quake. Others were staying in the capital Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Geoff Haigh, 61, from Oldham, Greater Manchester, was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. He wanted to marry long-term partner Heather, 54, at a venue close to their home. But the couple were left reeling after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony. Guests were forced to listen to the wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder. Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid. Mr Haigh died weeks after the ceremony in November last year.
Research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300. In response, George at Asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting from just £4 inspired by Prince George. The collection includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff, allowing visitors to feel as though they are walking on air. With jaw-dropping panoramic views from its observation deck, it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning at the end of the clouds
Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe and much of Asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing. Now scientists have found proof that a group of modern humans known as the Protoaurignacian culture arrived in southern Europe at around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared. They have been able to conclusively show that a pair of ancient baby teeth found at two prehistoric sites in northern Italy belong to modern humans from this culture. It has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976, and later in 1992.
Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in Libya. In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House. President Barack Obama is a Hawaii native who returns every Christmas for vacation. A fluted band of Kailua Blue, framed by a textured gold rim and a simple gold inner line, appears on all pieces of the service, except the dinner and serving plates. The china, which has settings for 320 people, cost approximately $367,000. It was being unveiled Monday during a preview for Tuesday's state dinner for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Valerie Jackson's four-year-old son suffers Netherton's syndrome. His skin appears red and inflamed, and is often covered in dry skin. His mother has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out. But while out shopping recently, Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police, who had been called by a member of the public. They reported her to police for child abuse.
Dr Sanjay Gupta is in Kathmandu to cover the aftermath of Saturday's deadly earthquake. He performed a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. Sandhya, who lives in a more remote area of the country, only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain. 'I think they literally need another set of hands because the demand is so high,' he said.
The unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said. At one point, the woman told the dispatcher 'I went to get some dinner...and someone came up to me and he had a gun'
A Reddit user wrote an incredibly sarcastic resignation letter to their boss. In the note, the Reddit user vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies. They apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and  subsequent doctor's appointments. 'Clearly I am a terrible employee, and for that I apologize,' the letter reads.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria with the warning: 'This child will be risk to you not just to us' Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self proclaimed 'founder of the Syrian revolution,' believes the chilling image was released to radicalise the next generation of jihadis. Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity, as well as a compelling window into life within their self-declared caliphate.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes, 16. She and a friend found him hanging from a tree in the woods near his home. The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma. His mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery.
The U.S. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault, with energy infrastructure likely to be hacker's prime target. The stark warning comes from General Keith Alexander, the retired four-star general and former chief of the National Security Agency. 'We need something like an integrated air-defence system for the whole energy sector,' he said.
Children living in Pakistan's slums often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas. makeshift amusement parks are popping up in poor areas on the outskirts of major cities. Rides include camel carousels, hand-turned Ferris wheels and trampolines.
Classic FM presenter, 71, has spoken openly about his wife's diagnosis. He has written a book and become honorary president of Dementia UK charity. In 2009, he broke down on air on BBC Breakfast as he gave account of battle. He told presenters she was unaware she had the illness or that he was on TV talking about it.
Chief executive Michael O'Leary made the vow in an interview with a French weekly newspaper. He said Ryanair's average fare could be as low as ¬40 (approximately £26) next year. It would be a ¬6 (£4) decrease from Ryanairs current average ticket price. Mr OLeary attributed the anticipated fare cuts to lower oil prices. He ridiculed Air France for last year's pilots strike.
Miliband wants to bring in 'use it or lose it' powers allowing councils to encourage building by putting up taxes on undeveloped land. Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. Institute of Directors describes the land grab as a 'Stalinist attack on property rights'
Jackson was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear. The victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch. In January, the former child star was kicked out of UK reality show Celebrity Big Brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor.
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister Bianca 'the fat' and 'fatty' in emails tendered to the Federal Court in Sydney. The emails were tendered as the daughter of mining magnate Gina Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests. Bianca and John Hancock are fighting their mother in a bitter trust dispute over their trust fund. The siblings want to access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. The legal writing professor, who earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School, writes that she was sure she had lost her 'dignity forever' when news of the scandal first broke. But now, almost a month later, she has found the power to decide at least what her own personal definition of dignity is.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey Sims by his side. The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center after John, who was to turn 31 tomorrow, was told his cancer was terminal. After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon. But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Condemned Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his last days before his execution painting for as long as possible. His brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad. His fellow death row inmate, Andrew Chan, has also requested to spending his last hours in church with his family. It has been confirmed that the two men will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday.
Nicholas Pence, 25, and his father David, 56, were shot dead in New Orleans. They had been celebrating a football game in their garage, or'man cave' Police arrested Haraqyon Degruy, 18, and Dexter Allen, 17, on Sunday. They have been charged with first-degree murder and vehicle burglary. Initial reports suggest it was a botched armed burglary.
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but her killer has never been caught. Her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused the Metropolitan Police of a 'cover-up' after officers ordered that the case file be kept secret until 2040. He said: 'This smacks of a cover-up to me. I wouldn't get access to the file until I was 96'
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s after he was accused of spreading anti-Soviet propaganda. It came after he managed to smuggle to the West 150 pages of documents detailing the abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the Communist state. But now Bukovsky has been summonsed to appear at Cambridge Magistrates early next month following an investigation by Cambridgeshire Police. He will be charged with five counts of making an indecent photograph of a child, five counts. of possessing indecent photographs of children, and one count of possessing a prohibited image.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has won another five year term as president. The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. International monitors have voiced their concern about the poll. They said there was not a genuine choice of other candidates. Most of his vocal opponents either were jailed or fled abroad.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. French customs said it tipped off British authorities 'to board a tug 100 kilometres (60 miles) east of Scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine, more than two tonnes' The value of the cocaine is likely to be worth hundreds of millions of pounds, depending on its purity.
Judith Russell's daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon. Her words came as jurors decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre. Russell told jurors she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship - and that at some point was shocked to find her wearing the veil and a new convert to her husband's faith. She said she has an Islam For Dummies book on her shelf at home, but couldn't remember who gave it to her
Princess Leonore, 14-months-old, was visiting the Vatican with her mother, Princess Madeleine, 32. The Duchess of Gotland is due to give birth to her second child this summer. Her older brother, Prince Carl Philip, will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist in Stockholm on the 13th June.
Collin Burns was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. The US national'speedcubing' champion completed the puzzle in just 5.25 seconds. It was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds.
Kayla Mooney, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boys girlfriend to school officials. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year. Mooney was placed on administrative leave in February and has not commented on the allegations.
Paul Gilbert said he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to the Labour leadership because he stands little hope of winning in Cheltenham. He also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees and told voters at a university hustings: 'I don't like where we are'
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. She was chosen to play to Julie, who in the TV show died from putrid throat, because of her small size. Matilda was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests for months after her birth. But last September she was finally discharged from hospital consultant care and a few weeks later she won the part of Julia.
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. Mr Milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
Renee Bergeron, 38, from Washington, dresses up her children with special needs in order to make them feel like they can do anything. Mrs. Bergeron's first little superhero subject was her own son, Apollo, now four. Apollo was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and had to be fitted with a feeding tube.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin said in a statement that the Original Pig Rassle will be replaced this August with a human mud foosball tournament. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. The group also accused the church of being in violation of Wisconsin Chapter 951, Crimes Against Animals, which outlaws cockfighting, dog fighting and any other similar fighting between animals and humans.
Lib Dems are fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats. Party has highly targeted strategy, fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance. Senior party sources admit current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after catastrophic collapse in support.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia. Last night Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter' In 2009 he broke down live on air during an interview on BBC Breakfast as he gave account of his wife's battle.
Celine Bisette, who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career, insists she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' - that, in fact, she rather enjoys being a prostitute. 'I am embarrassed to be a sex worker, even though I like my job, I'm good at it, and Ive made exceptional progress in my career over the past few years'
Fewer than one in five Massachusetts residents want Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to be executed. The 21-year-old killed three people and injured 260 others in the April, 2013 bombings. He is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case. Last week prosecutors described him as 'America's worst nightmare'
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948. She eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about the beauty spot. But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson. He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off. Mr Stevenson said: 'If she wants to be welcomed back to the cove, she needs to say to Daniel, 'I am very sorry I hit you with my car'
Unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer, a witness said. Flight TCX2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time, but was forced to return to its stand, where the man was removed. Passengers were delayed for 40 minutes before the plane departed for Manchester without the man.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday. He joked that everyone should back his team - but then named West Ham instead. Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past West Ham's famous Upton Park ground on Friday. It later emerged that the Prime Minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning.
1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. One in ten cardholders admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument. Gen Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories. Victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour with 18 per cent.
A 16-year-old student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, on Monday morning with a gun and a cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling, according to witnesses. Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. No one was injured. The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station. He later told police he shot into the air because he didn't want to hurt anyone.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital. Around these ceremonies, families gathered, wailing in grief for their loved ones. Scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground, as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation. As the death toll surpassed 4,000, there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres.
The reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. But he refused to call the mass killings a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had grade three breast cancer in July 2013. Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton told her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. But four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients, and she'd never had cancer. The mother-of-one was so traumatised she needed anti-depressants and was forced to give up her job in the oncology department at the hospital. The hospital has admitted liability for the misdiagnosis and the unnecessary surgery performed.
Signatories say they 'would like to see David Cameron and George Osborne given the chance to finish what they have started' Perfume entrepreneur Jo Malone is one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter. Ms Malone claimed a Labour government would 'jeopardise' the economic recovery.
Charlotte Briggs was refused a place at Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. Seven-year-old can see her preferred school from her bedroom window. Mother Lynne, 49, claims taking her daughter to school would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job. Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences.
Auckland coastguards received a call out to a homemade boat race that saw aSubaru take to the water. The race also saw a couch strapped to a few tyres and being pulled along by a dingy. One vessel capsized just outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a bit of a paddle, however no one was injured.
William Shatner wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem. He is planning to run a Kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $30 billion (£20 billion) to build the pipeline. The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California. The funding campaign has not yet launched and cynics have suggested that the proposal was tongue-in-cheek or may have been a joke.
The officer said he was appalled by the Labour peers note. Note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and even invited him and his wife to dinner at Parliament. Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991, but attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders announced earlier this month that he should been have charged on each occasion. She went on to rule that the 86-year-old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia.
Survivors described running for their lives as a tsunami of snow and ice triggered by tremors descended on Base Camp. Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the worlds highest peak. Survivors described seeing tents with climbers still inside picked up and tossed across the camp.
Jay Z launched a string of tweets on Sunday defending his premium music streaming service Tidal and saying that it is still early days for the app. 'We may not be perfect - but we are determined,' he said while claiming that there are'many big companies that are spending millions on a smear campaign' Comes as reports claim that Tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets such as Spotify and Apple.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women. Allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties. Alleged victims, who were desperate for jobs, were unaware of their rights. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan. Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show. Released in 1990, Goodfellas charts the rise and fall of Lucchese crime family associate Henry Hill, played by Liotta.
Three-and-a-half-year-old labrador Baylie lost a stone and a half in eight weeks. His owners Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds say he's now 'a different dog' The plan was devised by Vicky Marshall, who runs a natural dog food company and realised that none of her 5,000 customers' dogs have weight problems.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out in Bath. He was in a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, five years ago. Mr Young, a former soldier, had mistakenly believed Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank in a bid to teach him a lesson. When Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph. He suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother.
The stunning Ashbrittle Yew has a girth of 38ft and an enormous vast canopy. Its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off. Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves. But tree expert Dr Owen Johnson said it could just be going through a bad patch.
Bruce will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27. But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change. 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10. Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada. The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements. At the opposite end  of Texas and the competition  is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk.
From today, users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji. Emoji hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. Last month Instagram launched a standalone app called Layout. It has four main features called Faces, Mirroring, Photo Booth and Previews.
Sydney electronic duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning. The band said it was 'thinking of Andrew Chan & Myuran Sukumaran and their families right now' One of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band's stance to 'unfollow us, delete all our music and stop listening to us altogether' Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7. Senior party source said best chance was to finish 'in the 30s' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats. But Mr Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the Conservatives or Labour and today vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh. She passed away in November last year and her will has now been published. She asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school. The Mary Cowan Bursary will have funds of around £325,000. Ms Cowan never married and lived in Edinburgh her whole adult life.
Border Terrier Molly was on a walk with owner Jane Tipper in Eype, Dorset. The eight-year-old chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff and fell with it. Molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope. Her distraught owners had no way of getting down to the beach to get her. Coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her. She was identified by a dog walker three days after going missing.
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee. He then edited all of the clips together to offer an action-packed perspective of his regular daily life. The video, which is titled 'Boring Office Job GoPro Commercial', has already attracted an impressive three million views since being uploaded to YouTube.
Nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug Kava were seized from a vehicle where four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat. Northern Territory police arrested and charged a 39-year-old man and a 26- year-old woman following the drug bust in Katherine,320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday. The man was further charged with driving an unregistered motor vehicle, driving an unsafe motor vehicle and failing to restrain a young person (x4)
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. The activist fought back by publishing the messages on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, under the title: 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Sophia, seven, is the daughter of a lesbian couple. She has made a video to explain to other children how they were created. The film was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families. According to the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, there are approximately 594,000 same-sex partner households.
Oscar 'Papoo' Hernandez Jr, 24, pleaded guilty in January to transporting firearms across state lines; obstruction of justice; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering. The Florida resident shipped three guns including FEG 7.62x39 Hungarian rifle, to Aaron Hernandez in the spring of 2013. The weapons had been stashed inside a beat-up Toyota Camry that was found in the football player's garage in North Attleboro, Massachusetts. Earlier this month, Aaron Hernandez, 25, was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football
Maitland local Karen Newton played the Last Post for stranded residents of Gillieston Heights. The residents were unable to cross the water to attend an Anzac Day memorial service. As the sun rose over the water, Ms Newton could be seen facing five stranded residents, who had come out to pay their respects to the fallen Anzacs. Cassandra Winter, who filmed the video and posted it online, said that Ms Newton's act is what Anzac day is all about. The video has over 5,000 views on Facebook.
Former U.S. Secretary of State, 67, will be 69 when she takes office in 2017. If elected, she will be the country's first female president and the second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House. Clinton's newfound Grandmother status has seen her relate to a whole new section of the voting public.
State-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital opened today. Includes a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. Nicola Sturgeon said it proves SNP's commitment to the NHS. But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood  despite gaping holes in hospital funding.
A Sydney family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach on November 30, 2014. Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have named the infant Lily Grace. The couple have been trying to claim the baby since January after they heard police were going to give her a 'destitute burial' A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the South Chapel at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, of Gresham, Oregon, was arrested on Sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene. The woman Calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning. When police arrived at the scene at about 8.30pm on Saturday night, she was found dead. A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner, which led to Calvin's arrest.
French artist Vincent Lamouroux has painted a derelict motel in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood completely white. He used an environmentally friendly limewash to coat the so-called Bates Motel, including several towering palm trees and the fence around the rundown property. The motel is eventually expected to be torn down and replaced with a new development.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera' The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment. The camera will be place on the Stearns Steeple, and the Mead Art Museum at Amherst plans on holding an exhibition to show the resulting photo in 3015.
Ian, 36, and Nikki, 26, tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains on Sunday. Nikki wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone. Ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress didn't get dirty.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week. She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end. Her co-plaintiffs in the case suggested she should not have taken part in trial. Mrs Kor detailed how she and her twin sister Miriam were forced to endure horrifying medical experiments at Auschwitz.
Scotland's First Minister said the Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by the Tories and called on him to be 'tougher' and 'bolder' Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7 and support for the SNP has hit a record high.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke. The father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012. It left him paralysed on his life side, incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate. His family became concerned when they visited him at a rehabilitation unit. His partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in an iPod docking station. It captured footage of Ms Kennard and colleagues failing to provide the accepted standard of care for Mr Clarke.
Hundreds of survivalists and 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for the nation's first PrepperCon. They were shown underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. Also greeted by actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who took pictures with fans.
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old practice of movement and breath. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel. More gyms are holding classes focused at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap public house in Newbury, Berkshire for his Christmas party when he agreed that his co-worker Simon Myers could take some chips from his plate. When Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson was angered, shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh. Lawson admitted wounding, but denied with intent at Reading Crown Court. Recorder Patrick Hamlin spared him jail and sentenced him to a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year as well as a 12-month curfew.
William Schultz was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay. The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz. Contra Costa County Sheriff's Lt. Ken Westermann said that the attack wasn't accidental.
Nicola Sturgeon said Labour leader Ed Miliband would soon change his tune Mr Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a confidence and supply deal with the SNP. SNP look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold balance of power. Critics said that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs.
Willem-Alexander celebrated his 48th birthday in the Dutch city of Dordrecht. King's Day is a public holiday in the Netherlands and marked with a royal procession. Queen Maxima, Prince Constantijn and their three daughters travelled by barge. The city was once a major trading port, as well as a military hub.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14. Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works. She has plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
More than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for the ad to be pulled. It features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' The campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. Katie Hopkins has waded into the row, dubbing those who have been vandalising posters 'chubsters' and saying they should turn their efforts to exercising.
The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak. Half an hour after the initial quake, another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit, followed by smaller aftershocks across the region. Eighteen people died in the avalanche, including four Americans, and 61 were injured, according to Nepal's mountaineering department. On Sunday the first survivors were flown off Everest by aid helicopters and began sharing their stories of survival.
Russian vessel Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of fuel oil when it caught fire in Las Palmas port on April 11. It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later. A three mile slick of oil floating on the surface was photographed from the air last week and it is feared ocean currents could carry it onto the islands of Tenerife and La Gomera.
Pritesh, 36, and Mansi Gandhi, 35, started trying for a baby ten years ago. Mansi was diagnosed with cervical insufficiency - premature dilation of the cervix due to the weight of a growing baby. Pritesh's sister Hiral offered to carry the couple's baby - and after IVF treatment, gave birth to Krish three weeks ago after a 20-minute labour.
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies. The historic nine-storey structure has been reduced to an enormous pile of red brick dust. It is unclear how many people were killed in the tower in the quake-hit city, but it was believed to have been filled with tourists. One rescuer in Nepal said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not 'understanding the tragedy'
George Osborne admitted he is secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark. He confessed to a crush on its female lead character Demelza. Chancellor claimed the 'one hour' a week he allowed himself off each week was to watch the programme, starring Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson.
Hannah Wilson's body was found in rural Brown County, Indiana, on Friday morning after a night out. Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death. Her friends said she had been partying in downtown Bloomington and they were also going to go to Kilroy's Sports Bar, but deemed that she was too drunk to join them. The group put Wilson into a taxi alone around 1am on Friday and gave the driver her address. She died from blunt force trauma to the head, according to the county coroner, and preliminary results of an autopsy show she was struck three or four
Mark Hawkins, 49, was holed up in Greyhound-style bus in Salem, Oregon. He had barricaded himself in vehicle after he was approached by police. Seconds later, Hawkins allegedly fired his weapon from front of vehicle. Bullet struck police dog in head, prompting exchange of gunfire between officers. SWAT officers and police then fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas. They finally decided to ram an armored car into the bus, punching holes in it. But Hawkins still refused to comply with officers and 'continued to brandish a handgun' At around 6.30pm, police shot at the suspect multiple times
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions. They warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades, humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events. The scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence.
The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth for the next several hours. More than five tornadoes were reported in the region, including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over Stephenville, 70 miles southeast of Forth Worth. There were also unconfirmed reports of shingles being blown off rooftops in Stephenville. Nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch Sunday night through 11pm, with the storm system expected to die out by Monday.
President Obama reportedly granted CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US ahead of planned drone strikes. Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike, which may have delayed it. Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto were killed in the strike. The CIA was seeking to destroy an al Qaeda compound in Pakistan when the two captives were killed.
Miliband will insist he offers a 'clear, credible and concrete plan' on immigration. He will say: 'We will deal with peoples concerns because we have listened, we have learned and we have changed' But his own shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused at least four times to say Labour would put a target on net immigration.
Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $2 billion. Within an hour, the momentous donation to a kangaroo preservation project had vanished. The couple decided to make the page after Indigenous tribes from the Northern Territory told them kangaroos from the region were disappearing at an alarming rate. In the last 200 years, Australia has lost over 10% of its native mammals.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend's marathon, the couple have raised £7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day. The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together under a shower of confetti.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and DIY app Handy to offer customers a cat fostering service. Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning. The charity provides litter trays, feed and bedding to help foster families look after their pet.
Researchers photographed the faces and recorded the voices of 42 women. They then asked a group of men to rate the womens voices on attractiveness. Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too, study found. Findings suggest that women with an attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice.
Tyrone Sevilla, 10, hand-delivered a heartbreaking message to Immigration Minister Peter Dutton's office in Brisbane on Monday. The poster simply said: 'Dear Mr Sutton, Can I stay in Australia please. Tyrone.' Maria Sevilla and her young son's desperate last-ditch attempt to remain in the country comes as they face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires today. This comes after the Immigration department rejected the single mother's visa application 28 days ago. Ms Sevilla said she hoped Mr Dutton would exercise his ministerial power and allow them to stay.
John Key was forced to apologise to a waitress for touching her hair at work. Amanda Bailey, 26, wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour. After the incident, Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page. The waitress at the centre of the ponytail storm said she published the details of John Key's behaviour as she 'expected more from him'
Lucy, 24, is the face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. Shows off her toned midriff in cut-out swimwear the brand say is perfect for taking you from the beach to balmy evenings in the bar. Recently starred in a Made In Chelsea work-out DVD.
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - ferried to Israeli military base on one of the country's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning. Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families. Some were seen resting peacefully in their carriers, while others were clutched tightly to their parents' chests. Many Israeli male couples have traveled to capital of Kathmandu to father children with the help of surrogate mothers because in Israel the procedure is limited by law to only heterosexual partners.
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday. She said: 'It's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. It's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal' She said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover.
Cassandra Fortin has finished the treatment a court ruled that she must undergo at Connecticut Children's Medical Center for Hodgkin's lymphoma. As she was discharged from the facility on Monday, the teenager said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home. Cassandra, whose cancer is now in remission, made national headlines last year after she and her mother initially refused the treatment. They said they wanted to explore natural alternatives instead. But in January, a court rules that Cassandra could not make the decision because she was not legally mature enough and the state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of her.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to a Beverly Hills gym on Monday as she continues to deal with the fall-out from ex-husband Bruce Jenner's TV tell-all. The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female. On Monday, close family friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that Kris didn't know Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to get her act together' when
Isobel Attwood, 16, has not made contact with her family since Saturday. She is described as white, 5ft 4ins tall, of a'small build' and has brown hair with extensions. Friends say she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s. Officers are becoming concerned for her welfare.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was appearing on The Jeremy Kyle show. She accused long-term chum, convicted burglar Jamie, of stealing from her. When a lie detector test revealed he had done the deed, she burst into tears. She was going to spend the money on a £500 grave stone for her son.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai says she has used Chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant. One of them was advertising director Jane Parker's son Rupert, conceived when she was 40. Dr Zhai's methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of Chinese herbs which must be taken day and night.
The Keshwa Chaca spans 90ft over the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. It takes three days to rebuild the bridge, which is done in June every year. The raw material is 'ichu', a type of grass common on the sparse mountainsides of the Andes, and is braided into rope for the bridge.
Chrystie Crownover told GMA on Monday that she watched her ex-husband, Bruce Jenner's dramatic ABC Diane Sawyer interview with the Olympic athlete and their children. 'I was speechless, I didnt really know what to say. I was pleased that he shared that intimacy with me,' said the 63-year-old. The couple, who had a son Burt and a daughter Cassandra, separated when she was pregnant with their second child and later divorced.
John Goodwin, of Atkinson, shot himself near his car outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in Brentwood on Friday. He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. The jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in Goodwin's case. Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
The 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs. Her Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on petrol forecourt in Hulme, Manchester. She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia. Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns. It is thought the gel, known as Magellan Bio-Bandage, will act as a barrier against infection.
Ian Pettigrew, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls, starring women with the disorder.
Craig, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. He is now well and his tumours have shrunk. Even though the cancer is now microscopic he is still taking hormone treatment. The majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow. Lowering the amount in the body means it's less able to spread. In England alone, 13,000 men receive the treatment every year.
Tens of thousands of selfies from across the country have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day. Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up. Others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others. Some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget, #lesswefor forget or #letswefor Forget while others uploaded meaningful captions for the fallen soldiers but their photos have illustrated another story.
Princess, 26, visited the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield. She was greeted by a flag-waving crowd as she arrived at the school. The visit is the second in less than four days for the Princess. On Friday, she was in Reading to open the Talbot Memorial Garden. The space commemorates a little girl who died in 2013.
1,000ft of seabed was forced to the surface on Shiretoko Peninsula near the town of Rausu. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby. melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air. The landmass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide.
'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police. 'It seems like such an understatement to say my heart is full, but it is,' she said. 'I have to thank the president for his faith in me and asking me to lead the department that I love to even greater heights'
Friends of the Deputy Prime Minister have previously indicated that he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. Sources have also suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election. But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job in all circumstances
James Staring, a London-based personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise. The more muscle groups you use, the more calories you will burn both during and after exercising. Do short bursts of high intensity exercise.
Meteorologists say an east coast low  the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week  could hit the region from Thursday. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed. SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills says the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts. 'Any weather that strikes up north is of concern to us, especially considering the devastation from the storm that hit last week,' she said.
'Ahhhh #Poldark, I'm not OK!,' wrote another. Others complained of having their Monday morning blues made worse. Poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger. Second series due to air in 2016. Mr Turner's upcoming role in The Secret Scripture.
The original version of the Nissan Note was named the most uncomfortable car in a poll of more than 60,000 drivers. The most comfortable cars in Britain are made by Lexus which has FIVE models in the top ten alone - with the RX Mark 2 top followed by the GS Mark 3 in second. Volvo has three cars in top ten and the other two are the Jeep Grand Cherokee and the MG3.
Rose McGrath, 12, was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. The 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012. Though Rose is done with her treatment she still feels ill and has trouble attending her classes and finishing her schoolwork. The school wrote in a letter addressed to Rose's father that officials worked with her but absences 'hampered her academic performance' It added that the 12-year-old had attended 32 full days this academic year out of 134 days as of April
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47. Her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd, South Wales on Friday. May is charged with a single charge of murder and was remanded in custody. He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria. Residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime. The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir.
Audrey Hepburn voted the most stylish Brit of all time. Princess Diana came second, Kate Middleton came fourth and Queen Elizabeth I came sixth. David Bowie came number eight on the poll, while Twiggy came fifth. Survey of 2000 people was commissioned for the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S6.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland. Brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster. Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. Just a week later, as Tim started trying to rebuild his life, he was informed he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts. The National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) also warns that FM radio on mobile phones could prove vital in an emergency. Norway has become the first country to announce it will switch off its FM radio service in 2017 and other countries are expected to follow.
The Only Way Is Essex star Lydia Bright met Labour leader Ed Miliband. The 24-year-old said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders. She said she would'snog or marry Ed because he's the best-looking one out of them all' Comes after a group of female fans left Westminster watchers baffled after taking to Twitter in droves to reveal their love for the Labour leader.
The EOssc2 is described as an 'ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities' and is designed to connect to others to form a train. The concept car can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself. Its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the DeLorean in Back to the Future. A team of 10 engineers built the car from scratch over a three year period. It is currently being tested in the cities of Bremen and Dalian, China.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics. The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters Velociraptor, Carnotaurus and Tyrannosaurus. The dinosaur ranged in size from as small as a turkey to 10 ft (three metres) long.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. On Friday the county code enforcement board found that Lownds had violated their rules by holding events without the right permit and running a business in a residential neighborhood. He was warned he will be fined $1,000 a day if further commercial functions takes place.
Bali Nine ringleader Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila. According to Chan's family the pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday. This comes just months after Chan proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. Salvation Army minister and family friend David Soper officiated the wedding. On Sunday Chan's final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted.
Kim Richards was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the hotel. The 50-year-old reality star admits to Dr Phil McGraw that she was drunk on the night of her arrest. Richards says she pulled into the hotel on her way home because she saw it as a 'comfortable, familiar' place and felt the alcohol taking affect. The mom-of-four insists she didn't head straight to the hotel bar to buy more alcohol.
An American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel's balcony. Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am after a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor. Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from a US naval ship. Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated, which led the man to jump off the balcony where he landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water.
Rhiannon Wilkinson is head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire. She said a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex, who are known to mature slower. Tony Little, head at Eton College, has previously said that single sex schools allow children to retain their 'innocence' for longer.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. The Arkansas-native is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday. He had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team, who were mapping out extreme routes around the world.
The Navy says Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. The 34-year-old and Seth Cody Lewis of Queens, New York, were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. While an investigation of the incident is continuing, Navy spokesman Lieutenant David Lloyd said Friday, 'They were working out in the pool...They were swimming. It was not dive training'
George W Bush, 68, spoke at a meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas. Said Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible - and comes too early. Said Iran's government and President Rouhani appear to be caving in. Implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran anytime soon. Said comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have negative impact on US national security in the future.
Youngster was confronted by homeless Isa Richardson in Maidstone, Kent. Richardson, 46, claimed she needed money because her car had broken down. The schoolgirl told police she felt intimidated by Richardson and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money. Richardson is a well-known character in the area who has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences.
Ukip leader says his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats. Accuses Labour of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' Calls on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour. Will on Tuesday campaign in Hartlepool, where he thinks the party has its best chance of winning in the North East at the election.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. Modified push-ups with your knees on the floor aren't just a cop-out for the real thing. They activate the entire upper body to get that J-Lo tone.
Karen Bell, 42, from Hull, met the man on dating website Plenty of Fish. Pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy. Bell threatened to post footage on Facebook unless he paid her £25. She later increased the demands, claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish. Bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years. Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for customers this time last year. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app. Films can also be watched across multiple devices using a 'follow me' function. Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton, Greater Manchester, with the animals for more than 30 years. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs, with veterinary bills adding another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. Mrs Senior and her businessman husband, Charles, currently have 19 dogs in their care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series. He asked Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going? One man in Austin, Texas was convinced Murray said 'Get out (of) my nightgown' Another man was insistent on telling his story about Britney Spears.
Met Office has a severe yellow be aware ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today. Conditions this week are set to be average for April, with showers on the way and temperatures barely in double figures. Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms. It comes after Britain enjoyed what appeared to be one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded in Kent on April
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves. Leaders called their plans to ride through Poland en route to commemorations of World War II a 'provocation' The group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen Monday morning at the border crossing between Brest, Belarus, and Terespol, Poland. They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but  they were then held in a hangar by Polish officials.
Australian Financial Review journalist Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre. McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his controversial Anzac day tweets. He called Anzac Day 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' and accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft' McIntyre's comments were met with disgust by social media users. SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport, Ken Shipp said in a joint statement that his 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the Pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings. Betty White, 93, was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award for her television career that dates back to 1949.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born. She was never expected to reach her fourth birthday due to the condition. Doctors warned each pregnancy could have placed a fatal strain on her heart. But she defied medical predictions and is now mother to three healthy children. Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is getting married in February next year.
Toxicology results released Monday show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month. Abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez died. Authorities say Abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a Staten Island strip club. Hours before the crash, Abad posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with what he identified as 'Jack Daniels Fire on the house'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3D map for Vesta. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' You can also measure elevation changes and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys. Vesta, discovered in 1807, is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet Ceres - which Dawn has now travelled to.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her in 1983. Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile from where he murdered Lynda. Pitchfork finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages. He received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009. He was supposed to be eligible for release next year.
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated. Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62, following their eviction from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire.
Prince Harry will fly out of the UK to Australia without seeing his new niece or nephew. The prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid May. Harry, who will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival, had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist' The alleged comment was made at a club function at the MCG on Friday night during the Tigers' match against Melbourne. The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns. Mr Burns said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation. He apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused.
Leaked information from NBC investigation points to 11 incidents where Brian Williams lied about his reporting, according to reports. Media executives say the leaked information was designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network. Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a self-aggrandizing, false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq. The anchor has up to a $50million contract and POLITICO claims that he is being pressured to resign.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass. She opened a mirrored door to find a cleaning closet and shot the view of the toilet through the two-way mirror. But despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz said he has no plans to get rid of it. He insisted that the mirror, which was initially set up as part of a Halloween prank in 2001, has brought his staff 'joy'
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. Authorities believe he hanged himself in his cell at Deschutes County Adult Jail. New Breed Jiu-Jitsu, the Portland martial arts gym he owned, is now closed.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 whistleblowing teachers. One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework, dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy. 15 per cent said staff had given hints or pointers while invigilating exams.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets for infringements. Powys council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets just to break even. Some 5,000 tickets are issued in Powys, bringing in £1.2million a year, but the council is still subsidising the operation.
The man, in his 50s, was hit by a car at a busy junction in Dezhou City. He was thrown off his motorbike and later died in hospital from his injuries. His brother had died at the same junction eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry. The silver car that hit Mr Zhang sped away from the scene without stopping.
A petition has been launched asking for Sunrise's Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month. The cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer. She congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' Co-host David 'Kochie' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment, taking a confused glance in the Seven presenter's direction.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940. Spitfire P9374 never made it to the Battle of Britain as it crash-landed in May 1940. Fighter plane was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber. Plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years. In 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave. It was bought by American billionaire philanthropist Thomas Kaplan after it was discovered in 1980
Naunihal Singh woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh, 63, and slashed him. Attack in Crumpsall, Manchester, came after heated argument over couple's lack of children - with Ujjalan accusing son of 'firing blanks' Today, 54-year-old was jailed for at least 17 years and 39 days after admitting murder.
Sabine Smouha, from Hampstead, bought the bag for her 50th birthday. It was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species under CITES. But it didn't have the required documentation and customs officials seized it. The Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her, because it it did not have required endangered species import permit. Now, a tribunal judge has ruled in her favour and ordered the Border Force to reconsider their ruling.
Cleveland's power forward was injured in the first quarter of the Cavaliers' 101-93 victory that completed a four-game sweep. Love and Boston's Kelly Olynyk chased a loose ball into the left corner after Jae Crowder of the Celtics missed a 3-pointer. Love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the Cleveland bench before going to the locker room, where he iced his shoulder. 'I thought it was a bush-league play,' Love said after the game while wearing a sling.
Seven human skulls dating back nearly 2,000 years have been found. They were packed neatly into a cooking pot and set off at the side of the historic River Walbrook, in London. Experts are questioning whether they were part of a gruesome ceremony. Boudicca was Queen of the Iceni people, a British tribe who tried to defeat the Roman army in 60-61AD.
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, the pooches stood up high on their hind legs, with their front paws up. The brief clip, set to 'Les Toreadors' from 'Carmen,' was filmed by their owner and trainer Dai Aoki.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from library at Ickworth House, Suffolk. It was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags to encourage visitors. But it provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move'misguided' Now it has emerged that similar experiments will take place at nine other venues.
Of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently. There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in this country today, an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013. Part of the reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows that used to line every country road.
Leah O'Brien, 33, was killed when the car she was driving to chaperone the school prom was hit by a vehicle carrying two students also on their way to the dance. Driving the Dodge Charger that killed the beloved teacher was 19-year-old Ramiro Pedemonte. The teen was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious injury by motor vehicle. The mother-of-two leaves behind two daughters, Kori and Rachel, 10.
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway. The noise made by the phone is responded to with chirps from the ducklings.
The map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side. Regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red, whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue. It will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter  one of physics' greatest mysteries.
Physicists at the University of Oregon used basic physics to model the force and torque required to place a pukao on a Moais head. They concluded that the rounded oblong shape of the pukaos means that it would have required relatively little energy to roll them up a ramp. This is despite the largest pukas measuring six-and-a-half feet (two metres) in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes (1,890 stone) Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass
Brenda Finn, 30, was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14. Her body hair and fingernails fell out and she was left with no body hair. She was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school. Her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face. She says the £300 procedure has given her the confidence to face the world again. She is now calling for medical tattooing to become available on the NHS.
Steve Ells, the company's co-CEO and founder, discussed the new development with CNN Money. 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients,' he said in the interview. 'I mean, because we don't have many ingredients in the first place' The move marks Chipotle as the first GMO-free national fast food chain.
Selina Dicker, 38, was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group. The tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit. She described the ordeal in a satellite phone call to her mother Gail Dicker at her home in Ranworth, Norfolk.
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online of his bloodstained hand. Mr Gilbert is defending a majority of just 1,312 in St Austell and Newquay. Lib Dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 MPs.
Marcus Yensen, 95, and his wife Madelyn, 94, died within hours of each other earlier this month after a romance that started with a month of dating and continued through 74 years of marriage. Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand. Shortly after her visit on April 7, Carol Bradford's father died of heart failure. The couple renewed their vows last year on their anniversary.
Elle, 51, has been labeled 'The Body' since the 1980s. Carries pH balance urine tester kit wherever she goes. Believes most ailments come from having an acidic body. Elle is well-known for her healthy diet and has her own superfood product.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001. The Byron Bay-based woman now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food' She also opened up about her time on Australia's first series of Big Brother, how she was portrayed, and the lack of support for contestants after the show.
Bali Nine drug smuggler Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the Indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday. That's according to close supporter and artist Ben Quilty. The Australian duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution. The families have now received notice they will be required to make their final goodbyes on Tuesday afternoon, around 2pm local time. The Australians will be executed just after the stroke of midnight local time on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 82, will hear case tomorrow. Will decide whether states can ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states. Ginsburg has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases. She has referred to the American public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general - and has even officiated at a gay ceremony. Gay marriage opponents have demanded that she remove herself from the case because she officiated.
David Curry was asked to leave The Wallow pub in Blyth, Northumberland. The 49-year-old was told he could not order a drink because of his attire. The pub chain has apologised to Mr Curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was charged with public urination and public intoxication on Sunday and released on a $500 bond. Police were called to the Sheraton in Iowa city around 1.30am on Sunday after she allegedly urinated on the lobby floor. She was arrested at the same place on April 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel's security.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients. It became one of the largest asylums, housing 7,500 patients, and became known for high numbers of rapes and suicides. The building has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray, now known for its crumbling walls, flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings. The State of New Jersey awarded a $34 million demolition contract to tear down the 678,000-square-foot building. But preservationists are fighting to save it and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing
Waze allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more, so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed two NYPD police officers. Before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police. Several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement. Google acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion.
Dr Mark Bellis is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas this week about the history of binge drinking. He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife. Ancient civilisations such as the Romans, Greeks and Egyptians have had to deal with rowdy, drunken behaviour in public for thousands of years.
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a bulky size 26. She put her weight down to commuting to London for her job as a clothes designer. After quitting her job to go freelance and work from home, Sharon was able to exercise at lunch. She took up running last March and has since completed two 10k runs.
Sir Frank Kitson, who is 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. His widow, Mary, is suing the Ministry of Defence and the general, claiming he died because of negligence and misfeasance Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time.
J.M. Giordano, who works at the City Paper, says Baltimore police'swarmed over' him and hit him repeatedly. The 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30am when someone threw a rock at a police line and hit an officer's shield. A video posted to the newspaper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kickingGiordano as City Paper Managing Editor Baynard Woods screams, 'He's a photographer! He's press!'
Researchers from National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development. They found that in mature orchid flowers, two protein complexes, called the 'L' complex and the 'SP' complex, compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals. They were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the L complex using gene silencing. The study extends scientists' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchids.
Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. The fronts are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America. They are home to indigenous communities that depend on forests for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers. But they are being lost to expanding agriculture, including livestock farming, palm oil plantations and soy production, as well as small-scale farmers. Unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection is also causing forest degradation - while mining, construction of hydroelectric
Poppy Smart, 23, claims she was wolf-whistled at by builders on her way to work. Marketing co-ordinator recorded the constant whistling using her smartphone. She also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment. One of the workers even approached her on the pavement, blocking her way, before saying 'Morning love'
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama. It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months. Many of her posts have gone viral and she says she's learned a lot. Says she's spent too much time explaining herself and apologising for her decisions.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates. Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing. Other deputies had expressed concern about his fitness to serve, but were told to hold their tongues.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand. The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya. The ivory was shipped out of Kenya on March 24 and went through ports in Sri Lanka, Malaysia and Singapore before coming to Thailand.
Jeremy Clarkson and Top Gear colleagues had been on brink of lucrative new contract. But Clarkson's infamous 'fracas' led to the offer being taken away. James May, Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson had planned to stay on for another three years before quitting 'with dignity' Clarkson was sensationally sacked by the BBC last month after punching show producer Oisin Tymon.
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep told People. She was often rumoured to be dating her Castle co-star Nathan Fillion, who her character married on the show. But the couple were never an item, according to Stanic. The season seven finale of Castle airs May 11.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, is being probed by French police over his £64million fortune. He went into exile in Europe after staging a failed coup against his brother. Activists say his fortune was stolen during his time at the heart of the Syrian regime. Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of him'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower. The Belgian food blogger wanted to poke fun at the cheesy tourist pictures. His photo was uploaded to photo-sharing site 4chan and over 100 'improved' versions have sprung up.
Victoria, 41, cheered on her son Romeo, 12, in the children's marathon. Accessorised with a pair of Alaïa Boots, which retail at approximately £1,500. She has been wearing them on a number of occasions recently. If you want the Beckham look on a budget, check out the edit below.
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was attempting to climb the world's tallest mountain when the 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck. The tremors sparked a huge avalanche killing 18 people, with Ms Gallant and another doctor desperately trying to save those injured. She helped tend to survivors and those gravely injured before rescue helicopters arrived to get people off the mountainside. Dr Gallant said despite trying everything she watched a 25-year-old Sherpa die from his injuries on the mountain.
An MP passed a dossier of information to the department in the hope it would kick-start a fresh police investigation. But instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to Leicestershire Police. The revelation will heighten fears that the peer, now 86, was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up. The missed opportunity to bring him to justice echoes the case of the late paedophile Liberal MP Cyril Smith.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouses tongue caused different parts of it and flavour molecules to fluoresce. Using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy, the scientists were able to pick out individual taste cells within each bud. They were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre (0.0024mm) - below the surface of
While the countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution, many are still holding a glimmer of hope and attending nation-wide vigils. Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' on Monday night. Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo.
Two-year-old Landen Martin ran behind the vehicle as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a Gainesville, Georgia home on Sunday. Joshua Saunders, 19, was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide. Martin was pronounced dead at Northeast Georgia Medical Center.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in Corfu in October 2006. Their father, Neil Shepherd, and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson, who he has since married, were also almost killed by the fumes. Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day' The family were put in a bungalow at the four-star Corcyra Beach Hotel.
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message 'I'm sorry' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon. The aerial apology hovered above the CBD at about 1pm, prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what. While the author and recipient remain a mystery, the creation behind the message was Rob Vance, of Skywriting Services Australia.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them. In the email - he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct' Horwitz, who has taught at the college level for 20 years, called his class's behavior 'disgraceful' and said he had never failed a class before. The university has said that Horwitz cannot give failing grades to an entire class and each student will be judged academically by the department head.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading Australian modelling agencies. 'Influencer' and 'blogger' divisions are now being added to their traditional model portfolio. Vivien's Models launched an 'influencers' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand for social media numbers.
Derek Murray, a University of Alberta law student, accidentally left his headlights on all day. When he returned to his car, he found a note from a stranger explaining how to use an extension cord and battery charger to start his car. Derek snapped a photo of the note for Facebook and it has since gone viral.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death in 1975. Jerome Sidney Barrett, 68, was found guilty of second-degree murder six years ago and a Davidson County Criminal Court jury imposed a sentence of 44 years. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared. Ritter had declined to see the photos for several decades. But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them.
Lu Xincai, who lives in Zhejiang province in eastern China, says that he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself. He ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure that she does not fall off.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges. She also declined to send a lawyer in her place to the Nursing and Midwifery Council. Ms Ratcliffe accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit Furness General Hospital in Cumbria. Allegations include that her conduct 'contributed to the death' of, and/or caused the patient's baby to lose a significant chance of survival.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase. The events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging. He was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest. Greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport.
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she wore her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school in Houston, Texas. He said his daughter is now 'wordlessly accepting that a dress with spaghetti straps, something sold in every Walmart in America right now, is somehow bad' The father said he won't stop his daughter from wearing the dress again in the future.
SNP leader insists she will call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. Vows to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for next five years. Both sides have ruled out a formal coalition, and Ed Miliband said he had'made it clear we're not interested' in deals. But Ms Sturgeon insists that after polling day, Labour will be forced to do as she says.
Michael Churton from New York, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. He said: 'I told the group to get down. It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run' At least 17 people who were on Mount Everest at the time have died while others are still unaccounted for
Veteran scriptwriter for the Radio 4 drama, Keri Davies, said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations. Actor Charles Collingwood also defended the shows editor Sean OConnor who has been criticised for sexing up the traditional radio serial.
Taya Kyle told ABC's Robin Roberts she gathered her son, Colton and daughter, McKenna and prepared to tell them. 'I remembered just closing my eyes, the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe,' said Kyle. It will be the first in-depth interview that Kyle has given since Eddie Ray Routh was found guilty of capital murder on February 24 for shooting dead Chris Kyle and his friend, Chad Littlefield.
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for the 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago. His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out after journalists told them 11 days after he died. In 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of Gary Hanlon, 12, and Susan Blatchford, 11, thirty years earlier. He was serving a life sentence for strangling an eight-year-old girl. Beryl Hanlon said: 'I'm glad to hear he's gone. I just don't want
Tony Toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site. He is threatening to take the crown of King of Instagram from his friend Dan Bilzerian. The American entrepreneur chronicles his extravagant lifestyle on the site. His posts are usually seen next to stacks of cash and bikini-clad models. He admits 'it's not that hard to get any girl you want'
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. 'I think it's fair to say you'll be looking at some time in custody,' U.S. District Judge Nancy Freudenthal told him as she advised him of his rights.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief. Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today with several questions outstanding.
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride. Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875.
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on DVLAs database. Motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist's details. From June 8, holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to the DVLA website the day before and put in their driving licence number.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from obsession to do well at school. She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety. Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life. On February last year, the teenager was struck by a train travelling from London Paddington to Hereford at Twyford railway station.
Dong Hui, 22, was diagnosed with bone cancer last month. Her boyfriend Guo Kai has been at her bedside every day. He arranged for a team of photographers to come to the hospital to take pictures. Dong whispered to her partner: 'To have you at my side is so important for me'
Miriam González Durántez attended LDNY fashion show and WIE award gala. Her bright pink, long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms. As if the flower pattern was not enough of a nod to spring, a yellow and pink corsage was pinned to her shoulder. She was pictured tonight with the likes of model Daisy Lowe.
Mark Lowe, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother Wayne to death. Mark killed his brother after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum's house on September 7 last year. Mark pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was last month jailed for five years. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after three young children alone. She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother'
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith. Spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners.
Kim Davies bought the Tudor manor in rural Wales where Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to All Things Bright and Beautiful. He then made dozens of illegal alterations, including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles, crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. He also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the Grade II-listed house's timber windows with modern ones. Davies, 60, initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. However, shortly before his trial was scheduled to start at Newport Crown Court he pleaded guilty.
The monster iceberg, larger than Manhattan, was spotted breaking away from West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf by the U.S. National Ice Center. Measuring 17 miles (27km) long, iceberg B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into in the Amundsen Sea sometime in mid- to late-February 2015, Nasa said. The ice floating around Antarctica has thinned by nearly 20 percent.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods. They decorated their flat in items such as lanterns, wreaths and trinkets. Some of the items were taken from the graves of babies and cancer victims. The couple were given a 47-week curfew and banned from cemeteries indefinitely.
Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh appeared in the latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend. He urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims. Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30. The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person'
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia. The condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly. She also has scoliosis (curvature of the spine) Due to her disabilities, Lynn has to walk with a crutch around the home and uses a wheelchair when out and about. But after becoming pregnant with a baby girl, Lynn chose to stop taking the drugs for the time she carried their baby.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. The 30-year-old mother from Leeds has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators. The 500ml tub of Royal Baby Gaga has an RSP of £19.99 and is available in pink and blue tubs.
Queen Letizia met with relatives of some of the 50 Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month. She was joined by her husband King Felipe, who also embraced families, as they remembered those who lost their lives. The memorial service took the form of a Catholic mass inside Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica.
Joshua Sweet, 20, broke into 24-year-old teacher's home and sexually assaulted her. Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been'scarred psychologically' But Sweet, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order. Victim Support charity worker said that 'victims deserve justice'
Ian Rogers, 36, became hooked on all things paranormal as a child. He has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection. The dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on. Ian's favourite doll is Annabel, who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned.
German foreign ministry cables sent on July 15 cited incident from the day before when a Ukrainian air force plane was shot down at around 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory. German intelligence had repeatedly warned of the risk to aviation security, and had assessed the downing of the Ukrainian military plane on July 14 as a'significant development because of its altitude' All 298 aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 were killed.
Dan Fredinburg was one of three Americans killed when the massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday, killing more than 3,700 people. The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he set off on the expedition. His friends have since uploaded a CrowdRise page in his memory, with all the funds going to relief efforts.
Patriots coach Bill Belichick was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. His girlfriend Linda Holliday wondered, 'who didn't check her out in this photo?' 'I think I even looked,' Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, wrote on Instragram along with the controversial shot. Teigen was snapped hobnobbing with such notables as Katie Couric and Jenna Dewan-Tatum.
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child. A family friend told NBC10 the mother locked her kids in the basement because one of them stole money.
Miliband promises to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers. He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on. The policies are thought to have contributed to the fall in housebuilding shares. Shares in Taylor Wimpey fell sharply from £1.70 to under $1.66 this morning. Persimmon, the third housebuilder in the FTSE 100, also saw shares fall sharply. But they made up the losses before the end of the day.
Clay Aiken, 36, lost to Rep. Renee Ellmers, 51, in the November election for the Second District of North Carolina. Ellmers beat a seven-term incumbent in 2010 and won a third term by crushing Aiken in November by nearly 18 points. Aiken is the two-time runner-up in the second season of American Idol, and has his own Esquire Network show called 'The Runner-Up' He called Ellmers a 'b**ch' and an 'idiot' during an interview with radio host Howard Stern.
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160 °F) for up to 45 minutes. The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be charged wirelessly or using a traditional USB cord. A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
Prince William and Kate will use St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. Prime Minister David Cameron has backed the royals' choice of private care. He said he supports peoples' right to choose treatment options but praised NHS. Prince George was born at the Lindo Wing of the hospital in July 2013.
Fannie Randle has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years. She was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape. sorority president Alicia Jewell wanted to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in May. Miss Jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former Gamma PhiBeta alumni to raise money for Ms Randle's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe.
A person was struck by a train in the Surbiton area of the city this afternoon. South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its services following the incident. Network Rail said staff were working 'flat out' to recover the service. There were still delays of up to 30 minutes at around 9pm on Monday night.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home on February 16, 2012. The 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to more than 60 per cent of her body and countless operations to reconstruct her scorched face, arms and torso. Natalie Dimitrovska, who believed her former husband was involved with Ms Vulin and was envious of her beauty, vowed to ruin her pretty little face Her lawyers will on Tuesday, in the Supreme Court of Western Australia, claim she was not as badly injured as she stated in court. They are appealing for her 17-year jail
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend. The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial. The 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble, wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves.
Economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of 2015. This is down from 0.9% growth in the same period in 2014, experts predict. Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics. Tories have stepped up their warnings about the risk to the economy. They warn Britain is'staring down the barrel' of higher taxes and regulations.
Tortoise spotted scuttling across the sands of the Kalahari desert in South Africa. Big cats surrounded the reptile and tried to scare it out of its shell. But the tortoise kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. It uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies, giving a result in just 15 minutes. An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it.
Mobile phone companies charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone. Millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the NHS, the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges. The charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog, Ofcom.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will be executed at the stroke of midnight on Tuesday. The pair will face 12 marksmen, with only three of them holding loaded guns, in the depths of the jungle on Nusakambangan Island in Java. Millions of viewers watched the chilling reenactment of the execution played out on national TV. The condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear, which symbolises the afterlife, before beginning their fatal trek. They will be blindfolded with a piece of fabric before facing the firing squad who will be lined up anywhere from five to
Greg Hardy was seen attempting to drive his Bentley through flash floods in Dallas this week. The 25-year-old was forced to abandon the car, leaving it stranded until the waters receded and the car could be towed away. It took the tow truck several hours to successfully remove the car and Hardy was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions. The problem with his car comes as more bad news for Hardy who was suspended by the NFL just days ago after an incident of domestic abuse that allegedly occurred last year. Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter. Sales of iPhones in China were also revealed to have outstripped those in the US. Other products played a much smaller role. Revenue from Mac computers rose 2% from a year earlier, to $5.6 billion, while iPad revenue fell 29% to $ 5.4 billion. Apple also announced an expansion of its effort to return more of its sizable cash war chest to investors.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday. His brother David says he doesn't 'understand' the death of his fit and healthy brother. Mr Hawley was a father to four children, all of whom he shared with Nicole Kidman's sister Antonia before their 2007 split. David described his brother as 'one of the fittest men I've ever met  he's swimming everyday' Antonia and Angus wed in 1996, they were together for 11 years before their divorced in 2007.