Palestinian Authority becomes 123rd member of International Criminal Court. Move gives court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and U.S. opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body. Human Rights Watch welcomed the move, but said countries seeking to penalize Palestine should end pressure.
A dog apparently killed by a car and buried in a field in Washington State survives. She was found emaciated and dirt-covered, and taken to a vet for help. A fundraising page has raised more than $10,000 to help pay for her medical care.
Mohammad Javad Zarif is Iran's foreign minister. He has been John Kerry's opposite number in efforts to reach an agreement with the U.S. on Iran's nuclear program. Zarif received a hero's welcome when he arrived in Iran on Friday.
The five were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group. One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but hasn't left the area.
A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose from a tree near a student union, university officials say. The noose was discovered early Wednesday. Students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid. We stand together" The incident is one of several racist events to affect college students.
Trey Moses, a star basketball player at Eastern High School in Kentucky, asked his girlfriend to prom. Ellie Meredith, a freshman with Down syndrome, said yes. "That's the kind of person Trey is," his mother says. Photos of the prom-posal have gone viral.
Amnesty International releases its annual report on the use of the death penalty around the world. Number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% on the previous year. Amnesty finds "positive developments" worldwide, with most regions seeming to show reductions in executions. Report notes increase in number of people sentenced to death in 2014, with a spike of 28%.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is no foul play involved in death of Andrew Getty, police say. Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," detective says. Forbes estimates the Gettys' net worth to be about $5 billion. Gordon Getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion, according to Forbes.
Maysak is no longer a super typhoon and is now a tropical storm. It's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province. Authorities are barring outdoor activities like swimming, surfing, diving and boating in some locales.
Bob Barker returned to host the April 1 edition of "The Price Is Right" The 91-year-old hosted the show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007. Drew Carey finished off the show after Barker's departure. Barker handled the first price-guessing game, the classic "Lucky Seven," before handing it over to Carey.
Yahya Rashid, 19, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism. Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Paul Walker died in a fiery car crash in November 2013. The film "Furious 7" is being released Friday. There have been multiple tributes to Walker leading up to the release. Co-star Vin Diesel: "This movie is more than a movie"
Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. New research shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought. Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread, witnesses said.
Mike Pence signed Indiana's new religious freedom law that opens door to discrimination against gays and lesbians. Julian Zelizer says the bill was a way for the Indiana governor to shore up his conservative bona fides. Pelosi has close ties to the Koch brothers and other right-wing lobbying groups, he says.
Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner" Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV. Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the anthem.
Walmart's opposition to a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas resonated most deeply. The company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues. Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues over the years is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide. Amnesty says governments are resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism. There is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence, Amnesty says.
Prosecutor: "A person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators" French Gendarmerie spokesman: Cell phones have been collected at crash site, but "hadn't been exploited yet" Bild editor-in-chief: "It is a very disturbing scene.... Many things of the investigation weren't revealed by the investigation"
Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013. He sold a softer, gentler message, which borrowed heavily from the father of the feel-good gospel, Norman Vincent Peale. His confident, breezy version of Christianity drew hordes of seekers and lapsed Christians.
Michele Bachmann compared President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States what Andreas Lubitz was for the 150 souls on the German Wings flight," she wrote in a Facebook comment.
Sailor Louis Jordan, 37, had been at sea for more than two months. He was rescued by a ship hundreds of miles from land in Norfolk, Virginia. "He was moving, walking around, waving to us and in surprisingly good condition," captain says.
Frida Ghitis: U.S.-led deal with Iran limits Iran's nuclear program in a way to effectively block it from building a nuclear weapon. Ghitis: The debate that has already begun will likely result in more heat than light because of dubious assumptions and doubtful assertions. She says the agreement would reduce Iran's low-enriched uranium stockpile and cut by two-thirds its number of installed centrifuges.
California is a breadbasket to the nation, growing more than a third of its vegetables, fruits and nuts. Gov. Jerry Brown this week announced a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities. There's a major drought throughout the West and Southwest, the U.S. Drought Monitor says.
Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah," is charged with trying to join ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Iran's deputy sports minister says women will be allowed to attend some sports events. Women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men since Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979. FIFA President Sepp Blatter has called on Iran to end its "intolerable" ban on women attending soccer matches.
Going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard. But it still brings resistance, some legal, some of it deadly, writes Andrew Hammond. Bangladeshi blogger Avijit Roy and his wife, Rafida Ahmed Bonna, were attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons.
Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. She believes she was bitten by a tick last spring. Lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics. "I really just want to enjoy life from here on out," she says.
Mike Tyson lived in an Ohio mansion in the 1980s and '90s before he moved to Las Vegas and kept tigers as pets. Penn Jillette was part of a panel discussing Indiana's controversial religious freedom law. A physics professor asked 100 people to create a composite with facial features they thought were beautiful.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he sees better options than "this bad deal or war" His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran. One Senate Democrat says Netanyahu needs to "contain himself" A top Republican says almost any of Obama's successors as president "could do better"
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, refuses to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. Critics say the state's new law will allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. But supporters also rally, raising more than $842,000 for the family-run business.
Malegaon, in the western Indian state of Maharashtra, has imposed a ban on the sale and consumption of beef. Police have asked residents to take a'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
In real life, it's hard to swallow the idea of being stranded at sea for days, weeks, if not months and surviving. Mirsacles do happen, though, and not just in Hollywood movies. Louis Jordan, Jose Salvador Alvarenga and Ron Ingraham are just a few of those who have survived.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) restarted after a two-year shutdown. The purpose of the project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang" It took thousands of scientists, engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator.
Kevone Charleston, 36, is suspected of 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013. He was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers, but his injuries are not life threatening. Two FBI agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured.
A total lunar eclipse will begin at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time. It will last nearly five minutes and 43 seconds. People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view, but sunrise will interrupt the show on the East Coast. This is the third in a series of four in a row, known as a tetrad.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab has claimed an attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya, in which many people have been killed and more taken hostage. The attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group's activities, and a clear indicator that the security situation in East Africa is deteriorating fast. Attacking a university in northern Kenya and separating Christian from Muslim students epitomizes the way the group advances itself.
Unlike Christmas, Easter doesn't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events. Easter's timing is related to Passover, because Jesus was crucified around then, according to the Bible. A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday, right between Good Friday and Easter Sunday and during Passover.
The NCAA says it has no legal obligation to ensure the education of student-athletes. A lawsuit filed by former UNC athletes says they didn't get an education because of academic fraud. "It's nonsense. It's double talk," says a former athletic-academic director who is now president of academic integrity group.
Cassandra C., 17, is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. She was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September and given an 85% chance of survival. Doctors said she was likely to die within two years without chemotherapy. Cassandra ran away after two days of chemo in November.
Mark Ronson's "Uptown Funk!" is the longest-leading Billboard Hot 100 of the 2010s. It's also just the 10th single in the Hot 100's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at No. 1. "Funk" now just three weeks from potentially tying "One Sweet Day" for the record.
A high temperature of 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit was recorded in Antarctica on March 24. The temperature may be the highest ever recorded on the Antarctic Peninsula. A U.N. agency is setting up an ad-hoc committee to examine the evidence. An official finding is expected by late summer or early fall.
20 states have some version of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The 1993 law prohibits the federal government from "substantially burdening" a person's exercise of religion. A Native American man with eagle feathers at a religious gathering was ordered to return them under the law. An Orthodox Jewish prisoner in Florida wanted kosher meals, but the warden said no.
Robert Lewis Burns Jr. died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, Georgia. Burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup, which formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1965. He was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members, including Ronnie Van Zant.
Kim Ki-Jong is charged with attempted murder, assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction. U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event in Seoul. Lippert required 80 stitches for a gash on his face that required 80 staples. Police say Kim, 55, has a history of unpredictable behavior.
Rurik Jutting, 29, is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of two domestic workers in Hong Kong. A court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May. Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai, an inner-city suburb. Police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises.
Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, unveils colorful new livery. Interior of the Airbus A320 also has an Adventure Time theme. The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4, heading from Bangkok to Phuket.
Chelsea Manning appears to have joined Twitter this week. She will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to a communications firm. Manning is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents. In August of last year, she said she wanted to transition to a female.
Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy, desirable goal, writes Aaron Miller. But the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations, he says. Miller: Obama's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are deeply intertwined with reaching an accord.
"Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history. Domestically, it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday. Internationally, it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories. The last film, "Fast & Furious 6," debuted to a franchise-best $117 million.
Deion Sanders called out his son on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts" The NFL legend reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line called "Well Off" "You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" he tweeted.
Fraternity members of UVA's Phi Kappa Psi and other fraternities could sue for defamation. Danny Cevallos: The law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech. He says there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action.
Tokyo's Shibuya ward will allow same-sex couples some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. "Partnership certificates" will allow them to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements. The certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding.
Listeria was found in a serving of ice cream made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant. The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility "out of an abundance of caution" The warning does not affect other Blue Bell ice cream, including other 3-ounce servings not made at that plant.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani says Japan's jets have never encountered UFOs from outer space. He was responding to a question from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki. Inoki claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but doesn't know personally if aliens exist.
Fighting has killed hundreds in Yemen in less than two weeks. The electricity has gone out on 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas, Yemeni officials say. Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi fired his former Army chief of staff on Sunday.
David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of cult TV show "Twin Peaks" The director tweeted that he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done" Kyle MacLachlan, who played Dale Cooper in the original series, had confirmed he would reprise the lead role.
A hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Frank Kaminsky, "F**k that (N-word)." Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect. Kaminsky, the 2015 Associated Press player of the year, said Sunday that he was "over it"
The FBI confirms that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in the Philippines. Marwan, whose real name is Zulkifli bin Hir, was believed by the FBI to be a member of Jemaah Islamiyah's central command. The FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture in the wake of his 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court.
A Delaware family fell ill at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The EPA says there was a presence of a harmful pesticide in the unit where the family was staying. Methyl bromide can cause central nervous system and respiratory system damage, the EPA says.
Chris Rock tweeted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks. Black men are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. Rock has long beenmoaning the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason.
Six people hurt after explosion at chemical plant in China's Fujian province. Plant produces paraxylene (PX), a carcinogenic chemical used in production of polyester films and fabrics. The plant was slated for Xiamen, a densely populated city in the southeast of the country, but was relocated in 2007.
A 15-count indictment filed in federal court in California names FedEx as a defendant. Danny Cevallos: Can companies be prosecuted like a person? He says FedEx argues that it is a "common carrier" and can't be held liable for "possessing" drugs.
Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed. Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, who retired after the attack in 2013. "Patriots' Day" is the second film related to the bombing to be announced.
Manuela Arbelaez accidentally reveals the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata. Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing. Arbelaez was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display. But everything turned out OK, she tweeted later.
Carlos Colina, 32, is charged with assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. "This was a gruesome discovery," the district attorney says. The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien, 26.
Executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013. It was not yet known if the full cast, including Jason Bateman, Michael Cera and Will Arnett, will return.
"Mad Men's" eighth and final season begins Sunday. The show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric. With the '60s screaming towards their conclusion, "Mad Men" probably won't jump ahead much.
Nina Dobrev will leave "Vampire Diaries" at the end of the current season. Fans are upset that there won't be a satisfying ending to Elena Gilbert and Damon Salvatore's relationship. Dobrev: "If you think you know what's coming, you don't"
Education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa. She discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said. Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager is still at large.
The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military says. The group included four children -- the oldest was 10 or 11, a Turkish official tells CNN. British Foreign Office says it is seeking information from Turkish authorities. It doesn't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria.
A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire. The sub is in a dry dock, and there is no ammunition on board, a law enforcement source tells state-run news agency ITAR-Tass. "The rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," report says.
Kayahan was diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest. He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday. "We are in grief over losing Kayahan," Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tweets.
Zhou Yongkang is charged with accepting bribes, abuse of power and leaking state secrets. He is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. Zhou, a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee, retired in 2012.
In the New Testament, money gets 37 mentions, while "gold" gets 38 citations, "silver" merits 20, and "copper" four. "I imagine the ministry functioned at a subsistence level," Rabbi Joshua Garroway says. Mary Magdalene and Joanna capture our attention -- one by virtue of her husband, and the other, by her stature in the story of Jesus.
Armed assailants storm attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan. Most staff members and civilians have been rescued, but exchange of fire between security forces and assailants continues. Two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general are among the dead.
Sen. Rand Paul announced today that he's running for president of the United States. Sen. Sherrilyn Ifill was the first woman and first person of color elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967. She says Paul's views are out of the mainstream and disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country.
TV5Monde is gradually regaining control of one of its 11 channels and its social media accounts. The outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time on Wednesday. There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group.
American Jennifer Stewart says her pet cat, Felix, went missing after a flight from Abu Dhabi to New York. Etihad Airways says the 2-year-old cat got loose after its plastic carrier was damaged. Stewart and her husband booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States.
Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial in Massachusetts is coming to a close. Sen. Rand Paul announces he will run for president in Kentucky. Chicago will head to the polls in a runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Jesus "Chuy" Garcia. The shadow of Michael Brown will loom large over the city's elections in Ferguson, Missouri.
A fire breaks out at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky. There are no reports of anyone injured or trapped, emergency management official says. The park is large enough that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses, GE says.
Ted Cruz visited Iowa last week for the first time as a presidential candidate. He's counting on Iowa's evangelical base to propel him forward in what's expected to be a tough field of GOP candidates. Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
Kenyans use social media to share photos of the victims of the Garissa University attack. The hashtag #147notjustanumber is a reference to the number of people killed. Kenyan churches mourned the dead during Easter services Sunday as armed guards protected congregations.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. A section of PG&E pipeline exploded in San Bruno in 2010, killing eight people and injuring more than 50 others. "We have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families and the community," CEO says.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty of all 30 counts in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. The trial will now move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides. Tsarnaev, 21, is eligible for the death penalty; the start date of the penalty phase has not been set.
About 300 people were evacuated from the Abkatun Permanente platform. The fire began in the platform's dehydration and pumping area, state oil company Pemex says. Two workers are in serious condition, the company says; the fire has been put out.
Frida Ghitis: Easter is about how religious impulses, and patterns, can operate in ways that affect our lives. She asks: Why do Christians make so much of this springtime week, and make Easter weekend? She says Easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection, with its promise of transformation -- a shift from one form to another.
Lucknow police in northern India are deploying pepper-spray drones to control unruly crowds. The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray. Protests are a common occurrence in India, a country with a population of 1.2 billion. Some are concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the Secret Service, is accused of assault. He allegedly made sexual advances at a female employee at a party. The two tussled until Morales gave up, sources told The Washington Post. Secret Service Director Joe Clancy called the allegations "very disturbing"
Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, a French police official says. Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed March 24 in the Alps, killing all 150 people on board. The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team.
April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day" on Twitter. The 1995 film "Empire Records" is about a record store where Manning makes an appearance. April 25 is the perfect date for "Miss Congeniality" "Mean Girls Day" is officially October 3 on that day.
Twisted Sister says its 2016 tour will be its last. The band will also perform two shows in honor of late drummer A.J. Pero. "It's official: Farewell," singer Dee Snider says on Facebook. Band's biggest hit, "We're Not Gonna Take It," hit the Top Forty in 1984.
"Grace of Monaco" will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. The Weinstein Co. purchased U.S. distribution rights at the 2013 Berlin Film Festival. It was originally scheduled for release in late 2013. "They want a commercial film smelling of daisies," director Olivier Dahan complained.
"I saw the top of the funnel cloud, and it was absolutely massive," a witness says. One person dies in Fairdale, Illinois, as a twister shreds homes and rips trees bare of leaves and most limbs. A large and dangerous twister tears across fields in Iowa. Eight tornadoes were reported Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri.
Witness says he didn't see Walter Scott grab Slager's Taser. Slager has been fired and charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. A witness's cell phone video shows Slager shooting at Scott eight times as Scott runs away.
Kanye West and a paparazzi photographer have settled a civil lawsuit. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the suit after West attacked him at Los Angeles International Airport. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
Don McLean's "American Pie" sold at Christie's for $1.2 million. The song is a hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad, beer-hall chant and high-art rock. Bob Greene: It isn't a relic from the counterculture but a talisman that keeps bringing joy to listeners everywhere.
Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau was 34 when she began an affair with her 13-year-old student. She served more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship. The couple will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20. They are now the parents of two teen girls.
Don McLean's "American Pie" manuscript sells for $1.2 million. It's the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript. The 16-page draft is 16 pages: 237 lines of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text. Bob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone" sold for $2 million in June.
Mindy Kaling's brother Vijay Chokalingam says he applied to medical school claiming to be African-American. He says he wanted to show that blacks and other underrepresented minorities get unfair advantage in admissions. Kalingam: "A medical degree isn't a reward to be earned, but a responsibility to be accepted"
Travolta is one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members. He said he has not seen the documentary "Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief" The actor is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of killing two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers in 1985. A new trial was ordered in 2014 after experts said the gun he was said to have used couldn't be matched to evidence. The state then declined to re-prosecute the case.
B.B. King was hospitalized for dehydration caused by diabetes, his daughter says. "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King says in a statement. The blues legend, 89, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987.
Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gave birth to a calf early Friday evening. The giraffe's labor was captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by Animal Planet. "We're so proud," the zoo says on its Twitter feed. There's no word on the baby's gender or condition.
A U.S. official says Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible ground invasion of Mosul. Iraqi forces are expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May, a senior official says. Officials insist that ISIS has been degraded thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat.
"Game of Thrones" returns Sunday for its fifth season. It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. Ex-CNN employee Doug Gross says we'll see "some of the show's major story arcs coming together"
Chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy. Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years. "Don't mention that old son of a b***h. He made us suffer so bad," went the improvised lyrics.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts in Boston Marathon bombings, Watertown shootout. Survivor Rebekah Gregory: "I don't believe that there will ever be justice brought to this, no mater if he does get the death penalty or he remains in prison" "I'm standing here, stronger than ever, because someone tried to destroy me, and he failed," she says.
Richard Dysart won an Emmy for his role in the NBC drama "L.A. Law" He also played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of "That Championship Season" Dysart died Sunday at home in Santa Monica after a long illness, his wife says.
President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran, says Peter Bergen. The deal would hand Tehran billions of dollars in sanctions relief, he says. Bergen: The deal lacks tough safeguards to stop Iran from cheating on its nuke program.
The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the handshake between the U.S. and Cuba. But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension" Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has accused the United States of trying to topple his government. The United States recently sanctioned seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb are both considering a presidential bid. Both Democrats shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday night. Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia. O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor.
Mullah Mohammed Omar is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s. The reclusive militant all but disappeared after a U.S.-led bombing campaign routed the Taliban from Kabul in 2001. Observers say the Taliban's new biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of Omar's demise. "The Taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment," analyst says.
A photo of a cat coming down some stairs goes viral on social media. Some are noting the apparent motion of the cat. Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs. Where there's public debate, there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation.
Tornado sirens blare in Kansas as several storms bring reports of twisters. "Nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly," says CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers. A tornado may have touched down in Potosi, Missouri, about 70 miles from St. Louis.
Frida Ghitis: There is something about Pope Francis that's reawakened my faith. Ghitis: He still argues against things I passionately support, but I find myself -- like many other lapsed Catholics -- enthralled. She says he defies tradition and washes the feet of the disabled, women and those of other faiths.
Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times, sometimes within two weeks of each other, prosecutors say. Prosecutors say the marriages were part of an immigration scam. Barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree"
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau is shot at least once in the upper body, a fire spokesman says. A chase ends in a crash on Washington's busy H Street. An officer and the suspect are wounded, according to the police chief. The shootings were connected, authorities say.
Amnesty International report examines persecution of women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report, entitled "Their Lives on the Line," examines the persecution of activists by the Taliban and government officials. In 2013, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan released statistics that showed the number of women killed in the country had increased by 20%.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie. Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL.
Ramalinga Raju is the former chairman of Satyam Computers Services. The company was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case in 2009. Raju, 60, has been in jail for the past 32 months.
Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned April 14 for murder in connection with the remains, authorities say. Earlier this week, he was arraigned on charges of assault and battery in another case. The victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days.
"Star Wars" films will be available on digital HD on Friday. The first six films will have special features, including the sound effects of the Geonosians. Sound designer Ben Burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds.
An Iranian military observation aircraft came within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month. The Navy helicopter was on a routine patrol in international airspace when it was approached by an unarmed Iranian aircraft. "We think this might have been locally ordered," a U.S. military official told CNN.
Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. Photographer Johan Bavman is documenting the real-life experience of fathers taking full advantage of the program. Only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave, Bavman said.
Craig Hicks is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. A judge ruled that his case is "death penalty qualified," CNN affiliates report. The 46-year-old was the victims' neighbor and turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
HBO has released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective" It looks intense. The new season premieres June 21. It stars Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch. Last season's finale crashed the HBO Go site.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with a rare brain tumor in 2013. She petitioned the NCAA to move up Mount St. Joseph University's first game to accommodate her desire to play. Hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with The Cure Starts Now.
Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a New York nightclub early Wednesday. Two Atlanta Hawks players were arrested on obstruction and other charges, police say. Police initially said the incident occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street from 1OAK. The club says the incident did not originate from the venue or surroundings.
Martin O'Malley: "History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer" Clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama. Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday through a video message on social media.
Nelly is charged with felony possession of drugs, possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. A state trooper stopped the rapper's private bus because it didn't have proper stickers, authorities say. Nelly, whose real name is Cornell Haynes, shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar"
Walter Scott's brother says God selected his brother as a candidate for change in America. "Walter's death will not be in vain," his brother's brother Anthony Scott says. Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott, who was fatally shot by him.
In Guatemala, nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed because of their gender. The country's 36-year-old civil war left a legacy of atrocities against women. A 2012 Small Arms Survey says gender-based violence is at epidemic levels. Guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
Hillary Clinton is finally announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election. Julian Zelizer: For Democrats, there is ample reason to be excited about Clinton's run for the presidency. Zelizer: She brings to the table extensive political and policy experience, a combination of skills that is often lacking.
Ryan Gosling's first feature as director, "Lost River," has been divisive, to put it mildly. Without Detroit's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all, says Gosling. "Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10.
7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day. Customers can bring in their own beaker, goblet or vase and slurp it up for $1.49. Cups must be sanitary and can't be more than 10 inches wide.
Elizabeth Sedway says she was removed from a Hawaii-bound flight because she has cancer. "You're taking me off the airplane because I don't have a doctor's note saying I can fly," she says in a video posted to Facebook. Alaska Airlines apologizes, says it was done with "the customer's well-being" in mind, but could have been handled better.
The University of Virginia is under investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus. The school has never expelled a single student for sexual assault -- even when the student admitted to it. "You lose a lot of other people's voices who were in that article," said Sarah Roderick, a survivor.
Justice Department will begin to negotiate with the city of Ferguson to restructure the police department. The department has been charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination. Julian Zelizer: The question is, what kind of change is beginning to come to Ferguson?
The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene. Driver Tavon Watson, 24, was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping when he felt something around his neck. Minatel is a professional soccer player traveling with his team. Witnesses say they saw the suspect try to choke Minatel with the cord of his headphones. The flight landed at Atlanta's Hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m.
Robert Durst is charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge. Durst, 71, is accused of killing his friend Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000. If convicted, he could face the death penalty.
Graffiti dating back almost 100 years has been found in a French chalk quarry. The inscriptions were found underneath battlefields near Naours, France, about 120 miles north of Paris. Photographer Jeff Gusky has noted 1,821 names, about 40% of them Australian.
Loretta Lynch is the first African-American woman attorney general nominated by President Obama. Her confirmation is taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate drags into its sixth month. Republicans and Democrats say the delay is part of an ongoing partisan battle over a human trafficking bill.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun, 51 Pegasi. John Grunsfeld: Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy alone.
Aaron Hernandez is on trial for the shooting death of semi-pro player Odin Lloyd. The former NFL star is charged with first-degree murder in Lloyd's death in June 2013. Hernandez's defense rested its case on Monday, and closing arguments are set for Tuesday.
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by one shot after third round. Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson all fall away. Justin Rose surges to finish in second place. Spieth leads by four shots going into final round.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago. The EPA says the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused illnesses. Methyl bromide can result in serious health effects, including central nervous system and respiratory system damage.
A New York judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via Facebook. The ideal way to notify a person of a lawsuit is to have another human hand the papers to the defendant in person. If you can't find a defendant, a judge might let you serve by publication.
Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp. Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since 2012. "We will not abandon the people of Yarmouk, and we will not, hence this mission," spokesman says.
Last weekend's heist in London's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like "Ocean 11" given its daring and planning. In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people, people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs. The biggest difference between any heist you'll see in a movie and its real-life equivalent is the motive, says former Scotland Yard officer.
"Furious 7" ended with a montage of scenes featuring late actor Paul Walker. Fans on Twitter and Facebook mostly praised the movie's ending as a fitting tribute. "The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," one woman said on Twitter. The movie earned a record $146 million over the weekend.
Selena's family is creating a hologram-like figure. It will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of the singer. The project is being called "Selena the One" Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology.
CDC: Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew. CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments on the ship, which left San Diego on March 29.
The stars have teamed up for a #SaveTwinPeggyPeaks campaign. David Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute. Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit.
Daniel Boykin, 33, is sentenced to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a co-worker while she was in the bathroom. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer. A TSA official says Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and didn't engage in public security screening.
Five young Chinese feminists may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities. They were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble" Their detention has provoked an international outcry from the international community.
A section of a fiberglass boat was spotted off the Oregon coast this week. The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan in 2011. Inside were found specimens of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters. They'll be taken to the Oregon Coast Aquarium.
Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, are charged with sexual battery. Police found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape during an unrelated shooting investigation. The alleged rape took place sometime between March 10, 2015, and March 12, 2015.
Mindy Kaling's brother says he faked being black to get into medical school. The cast of "Suicide Squad" assembled for the first time this week. Michelle Obama brought the White House down with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars.
ISIS claims it stormed the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. Iraqi security officials deny that claim and say Iraqi forces remain in full control. The Baiji refinery is just 25 miles from the city of Tikrit, which was taken from ISIS less than two weeks ago.
Cuba and the U.S. are meeting at the Summit of the Americas in Panama. Cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit, arriving with more than 100 officials, diplomats, small business people and artists. The forum could provide the opportunity to push forward an agreement to reestablish formal relations and re-open embassies.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was en route to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. The pilot reported hearing banging from the cargo hold. It turned out to be a ramp agent who had fallen asleep, the airline says. He was taken to a hospital as a precaution, but was discharged.
Nearly 300 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria in April 2014. Most have never been seen since, except in a photograph in which they sat on the ground in a semi-circle, clad in Islamic dress. "This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," Nigeria's President-elect says.
Artist Phillip Hyman grew up in the North Charleston neighborhood where Walter Scott was killed. He says he couldn't stop thinking about the shooting and decided to create a piece of art near the scene. The figure, painted black in mourning for the family, has wings because it's going to heaven, he says.
A quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left in a Philadelphia park for more than four days. Police say the man's mother left him there while she went to visit her boyfriend in Maryland. She faces a host of charges, including aggravated assault, kidnapping and unlawful restraint.
Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang decided to blog about "100 Days of Rejection" He quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30. After his tech start-up was declined investment, he decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on. His book, Rejection Proof, is part self-help and part motivational/autobiography.
CNN's Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW. Some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral a brood of baby ducks. Todd: "We've never seen anything like this in the middle of town"
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. She will be charged with aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses. A quadriplegic man, 21, was found Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby"
U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. Pentagon crew believed Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional," spokesman says. The Pentagon and State Department will file a complaint through diplomatic channels with Russia.
Nyia Parler, 41, cannot be extradited to Philadelphia until she completes unspecified "treatment," police say. A quadriplegic man was found Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair" in a Philadelphia park. Police say she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she went to see her boyfriend in Maryland.
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback signs a new law banning a common second-term abortion procedure. The law bans what it calls "dismemberment abortion," defines as "knowingly dismembering a living unborn child" Supporters of the measure describe it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warn it's dangerous.
Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth to a son on Monday. She and husband Derick have named him Israel David. The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week. Eldest Duggar son Josh is already the father of three children, and his wife is expecting.
Ron Lane, a longtime employee at Wayne Community College, was shot and killed Monday. The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program. Stancil was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance, the college president says.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84. Benaud was a former cricketer and broadcaster. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says Benaud "personified" cricket. Shane Warne writes to Benaud: "You were the best"
Irish betting company Paddy Power apologizes for tweet about Newcastle United. Spokesman says "it was a joke, and no offense was meant" Paddy Power is well-known for its use of publicity stunts. The company backed David Ginola's failed bid for FIFA presidency in January.
978 migrants are rescued in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian Coast Guard says. The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya. In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving. Most migrants recorded this year come from West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria.
President Barack Obama says he's committed to making sure Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. His comments come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the Iran nuclear deal. Netanyahu has said that Israel doesn't "have the luxury of testing these propositions" in the deal.
Cape Verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of its rich cultural heritage to help its economy flourish. The Kriol Jazz Festival is celebrating its seventh edition in Praia this past weekend. Grammy-winning U.S. singer Esperanza Spalding has been invited to perform at the festival.
"Double Falsehood" was published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald, but many thought it was a fake. A new study says it was written more than a century earlier by William Shakespeare. Researchers used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of "newer" play.
Kenya freezes 86 accounts linked to suspected Al-Shabaab supporters. Militants massacred 147 people at a university in Garissa last week. Kenyans mourned the victims of the attack Tuesday night at Nairobi's Uhuru Park.
Jodi Arias was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013. She was eligible for the death penalty, but a jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision. Arias will serve her sentence at the Lumley Unit in the Arizona State Prison Complex-Perryville.
Activist Wu Rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on International Women's Day. Wu and four other activists have been formally detained for "creating disturbances" The fate of the five will be revealed by April 13, as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or "formally arrested"
NASA astrophysicist Amy Mainzer named an asteroid after Malala Yousafzai. Malala was wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls' to go to school. Mainzer discovered Asteroid 316201 in June 2010, which gave her the right to name it.
Emy Afalava was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen. Sally Kohn: How can it be, in the 21st century, that Americans born on US soil are denied rights of citizenship?
WHO reports 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola in the week of April 5. This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014. In Liberia and Sierra Leone, the number of cases has fallen so much, there are more treatment facilities than demand. Of the 19 confirmed deaths from April 5, seven were only identified as Ebola post-mortem and there were reports of 21 unsafe burials.
Attorney General Eric Holder sends a memo to all U.S. Justice Department personnel. Soliciting prostitutes "threatens the core mission of the department," Holder writes. The directive comes a few weeks after a report found DEA agents had sex with prostitutes.
A Tennessee prosecutor was fired for offering female sterilization as part of a plea deal. Danny Cevallos: Is sterilization unconstitutional as a punishment? He says the Supreme Court has never ruled on the issue, but it's likely constitutional. Cevallosa: Most of the time, we're OK with castration as punishment for sex crimes.
Nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim; by 2050, Pew reports, that will be 1 in 3. Frida Ghitis: To fight extremism, we don't need to reform Islam. We need to show young Muslims that extremism is harming them.
Michael Slager's shooting death of Walter Scott raises questions about lack of police body cameras. LZ Granderson: We don't know when and where police killings take place, or whether they cluster in particular cities or states. He says Congress has failed to press the Justice Department to comply with a 1994 law that requires it to collect data on police killings.
Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity. The reaction to this new lineup is a range of cheers and jeers. For many, these images are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity, sexual orientation, race or hair color is part of mainstream America.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton will be the litmus test for measuring gender equality in the U.S. He says a Clinton loss would perpetuate the myth that women cannot win big elections. Zelizer: Women who have run for office have performed just as well as men. They win elections at equal rates.
"A.D. The Bible Continues" debuts on NBC. "Mad Men" is coming to an end. Billy Crystal returns to TV in "The Comedians" "Louie" is back for a fifth season. The dark comedy "Marvel's Daredevil" is on Netflix.
Pentagon map shows coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. Counterinsurgency expert Afzal Ashraf says ISIS is very good at adapting to change. He says the coalition's strategy is a push against the front line of ISIS rather than being brave and creative.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor. Aaron Ramsey scores only goal of the game. Arsenal now four points behind Chelsea. Chelsea have two games in hand. West Brom lose 3-2 to bottom club Leicester. Sunderland lose 4-1 to Crystal Palace.
Michael Moore: Video of Michael Slager shooting Walter Scott defies any reasonable explanation. Moore: A police body camera might have prevented the entire tragedy. There is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system, he says. Police body cameras can help break this cycle, Moore says.
David Frum: 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000. He says tax filing has gotten easier for most people, with software and service providers offering to do the paperwork for free.
Yarmouk camp on outskirts of Damascus has been engulfed in the Syrian conflict since 2012. Most of those fighting on all sides are Palestinians. ISIS fighters stormed Yarmouk two weeks ago, and that made life for those still inside even worse. Pro-government factions besiege the area from the outside, cutting off supplies and aid most of the time.
The 2015 MTV Movie Awards aired Sunday night. There were plenty of highlights and misfires. Amy Schumer, Channing Tatum and the Rock were among the funniest. Tinashe, Charli XCX and Ty Dolla $ign also had a good time.
Marvel announced a new character in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel. Paul Bettany will play the Vision, who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics. The news comes on the eve of the start of the new Netflix series "Daredevil"
Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life in prison for Odin Lloyd's murder. Lloyd, 27, was killed in June 2013 while working for a landscaping firm. His mother, sister, uncle and cousin remember him as a champion of family, a gifted athlete.
Aaron Hernandez is accused of killing two men and wounding another near a Boston nightclub in 2012. Prosecutors say he fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW. A judge froze his $5 million in assets, pending the outcome of the double murder trial.
"Orphan Black" returns for a new season on Saturday, April 18. "Nurse Jackie," "Game of Thrones," "Veep" and "Justified" also return this week. Timothy Olyphant's tour de force as Raylan Givens comes to an end Tuesday night. The world of Westeros returns for its fifth season on HBO's Game of Thrones.
Milano was on a "romantic getaway" with her husband. Heathrow Airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight. Milano said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated. A blogger mom experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011.
Ray Gricar went missing on April 15, 2005. His red Mini Cooper was found abandoned near a bridge on the Susquehanna River. He was spotted with a woman who was not his girlfriend the day he went missing. Gricar's laptop and hard drive were found separately on the banks of the river.
David Frum: Lincoln's two greatest legacies -- union and emancipation -- grew organically from his Midwestern roots. He says Lincoln's assertion that the Union created the states, not vice versa, provoked strong disagreement in other parts of the country. Many other Midwesterners in Lincoln's era embraced slavery and secession, Frum says.
"Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix on Friday. The new series stars Charlie Cox as blind attorney Matt Murdock. Early word from critics has been mostly positive. "The series stays incredibly faithful to Daredevil's pulp roots," says one critic.
Ringling Bros. Center for Elephant Conservation sits on 200 acres of land in central Florida. Twenty-nine elephants currently live there, and 13 more will join the group by 2018. The center houses Asian elephants of all ages. "We have the largest and only sustainable herd of Asian elephants in the Western Hemisphere," Feld says.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaevs were not on the minds of most people in Boston on Wednesday. Bagpipes played and banners whipped in the wind on Boylston Street. The injured victims and those who lost their lives were spoken of with reverence in somber ceremonies.
Hundreds of students stampeded down the halls of a dormitory and some jumped from its fifth floor, the school says. One person was killed and hundreds were injured. Kenya Power authorities and its CEO are at the school and looking into the electrical issue.
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. Video shows Bates announce he's going to deploy his Taser but then shoots Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun. Harris' brother says no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother.
Sisters Iman and Siham Hashi were born in Mogadishu, Somalia but forced to flee after war broke out in 1991. The sisters relocated to Canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music. They are now gearing up to unleash their Afro-pop sound to the world with their debut album.
ISIS launched an assault on Iraq's Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. The facility is Iraq's largest and refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. Hasd Al-Shaabi militia: Iraqi troops are holding their ground, preparing to push ISIS out of the facility.
TEPCO has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. The robot was set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris. It was the first time the probe had been used at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi plant.
A Saudi general says coalition airstrikes have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels. Saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired by Houthis on a Saudi border site. Three Saudi military officers and three soldiers were killed in shelling, a defense official says. Yemen has been descending into chaos since Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Hong Kong has a booming black market for 'fake' Jenny's cookies. People line up for hours to get their hands on the buttery treats, which cost $9 a tin. Bakeries sell knockoffs at a 70% mark-up, which the shop tries to discourage.
Explosion outside a bus station in Gombe kills at least five people and injures more than a dozen others. Woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers, witnesses say. Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets.
Brett McGurk, the Obama administration's point man in the fight against ISIS, made the comments in an exclusive interview with CNN. "We're in unchartered territory here," he said. He did not rule out expanding U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat ISIS.
"Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" features early footage of Winehouse talking about her music career. "Amy" seeks to "capture not just the great artist that she was, but also the funny and loving person," filmmakers say. Winehouse struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums. She died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's sentencing phase begins April 21, a day after this year's Boston Marathon. Federal Judge George A. O'Toole: "Please put the case out of your minds. Enjoy the warm weather" Tsarnaev's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings.
John T. Booker Jr. enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7, 2014. He told agents he enlisted to commit an insider attack against U.S. soldiers like Maj. Nidal Hassan had done at Fort Hood, the complaint says. The "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials, authorities say.
Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. She tweeted a photo of a meal purchased for the amount a person on food stamps is allotted each week. The challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food a person eats for seven days.
A swarm of Asian carp attacked the Washington University of rowing team. The incident happened early Friday morning at Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis. No one was hurt, but the strong smell of fish lingered in the air for some time afterward.
Buhari tells Amanpour he's not concerned about reconciling the nation after a divisive campaign. "A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us," Buhari says after his win. Incumbent Goodluck Jonathan concedes defeat. Boko Haram has been terrorizing Nigeria as it tries to institute a strict version of Sharia law.
ISIS has taken the east of the city of Amriyat al-Falluja in Anbar province, west of Baghdad. Thousands of people are fleeing on foot into the city from nearby Ramadi. ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago, and the west was contested territory.
Amina Ali Qassim and her family fled the Yemeni island of Birim at first light. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. Qassim's son describes the families' journey across this part of the Red Sea as "a window into hell"
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies" "This means the world to us," said Haleigh Cox's mother, Janea Cox. Haleigh, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day. "Every time she smiled I knew we did the right thing," Cox said.
Photographer Carolina Sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate in. After Fidel Castro's 1959 revolution, houses and apartments were redistributed throughout Cuba and promised that everyone would have a home. But building did not keep pace with the population, and Cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room.
Julian Zelizer: It would be a mistake to move forward with Iran deal as an executive-based agreement. He says a diplomatic breakthrough of this magnitude would be far more enduring with the imprimatur of Congress. Zelizer: There is a history of Congress causing significant trouble for important international treaties.
Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning. She and her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. The band is set to perform at the Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday in Arlington, Texas. "Thanking God for our safety," Scott writes on Instagram.
The bill includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix" The bill also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program. The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and President Obama is expected to sign it.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkeling in Bali. It was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny" Walsh used Facebook to reunite the ring with its owner. The Langleys are fellow Australians living in Noosa, just three hours from Walsh's home.
Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claims responsibility for a car bombing in Al-Arish. Another attack on a checkpoint in Rafah leaves three security personnel injured. The attacks come as the military announces a reshuffle of several senior military positions, state media reports.
HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post.  Tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #meforreal.
Cynthia Lennon was married to John Lennon from 1962 to 1968. She was a stabilizing force for the young John, who lost his mother when he was a teenager. The pair met at art school, where Cynthia studied to be an illustrator and John practiced painting.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro will meet at the Summit of the Americas. Julian Zelizer: The U.S. has lost influence in Latin America to a hyperactive China, a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran. The foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there, but they need attention, Zelizer says.
Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under new government policy. Currently parents can opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons, or by stating they are "conscientious objectors" The number of children in Australia who have not received immunization against measles has almost doubled in the past decade.
Auction house pulls items from sale of items made by Japanese-Americans in World War II internment camps. "Star Trek" actor George Takei, who spent time in one of the camps, says he is working on the issue. The auction house says 24 lots of an original collection of art and crafts were removed.
ISIS published an article titled "The revival of slavery before the hour" in its online magazine. The article outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis. ISIS: "Slaughtering the families of the kuffar (infidels) and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of Shariah"
A judge orders V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts from Donald Sterling. Rochelle "Shelly" Sterling sued her ex-boyfriend's mistress, accusing her of targeting wealthy older men. Stiviano says she never took advantage of the former Clippers owner, who made much of his fortune in real estate.
Jason Rezaian is accused of economic spying, state media reports. The Washington Post calls the allegations "absurd" Rezaian was arrested in July on unspecified allegations. His wife was released on bail in October, but he was denied access to legal representation, family says.
Atlanta Hawks guard/forward Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury. He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland and two other women. They were charged with misdemeanors, including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration.
Georgian chess grandmaster Gaioz Nigalidze has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament. Officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto a chess analysis app. Nigalidze claimed the smartphone wasn't his, but the phone was logged on to a social media network.
Al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan. Peter Bergen: Al Qaeda has become a largely Pakistan-focused group, able to do nothing of any significance outside Pakistan or Afghanistan. He says al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West.
Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says Robert Bates was properly trained. Bates, 73, killed Eric Harris during a police sting operation in April. A newspaper reports that supervisors were told to forge Bates' training records. Sheriff's office denies allegations, says Bates "met every training regimen"
TV5Monde says it was "hacked by an Islamist group" The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time and lasted more than five hours. There was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group. The network's social media accounts and websites were also temporarily down.
Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters. A "values statement" was distributed that outlines what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win. Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday through a video message.
John Helinski's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen three years ago. A cop and a case worker set him up with a bunk and a locker at a Tampa shelter. Now, he's set to buy his own home and collect a nice pension.
A natural gas line explosion at a shooting range in Fresno injured 11 people, including some inmates. The most serious injuries were suffered by inmates assigned to maintenance and cleaning work. A county road worker and two sheriff's deputies are also being treated. One inmate and a county worker are undergoing emergency surgery.
Dozens of foreigners, including Americans, have volunteered to take the fight to ISIS. Outside agencies are working with Kurdish government troops and even militia in Iraq and Syria. Some organizations have set up recruitment drives online, featuring applications for foreign fighters. The Peshmerga, the military wing of the Kurdish Regional Government, has said they don't want or need foreign fighters, according to Ian Bradbury.
"Furious 7" hits theaters Friday. The cast is racially and ethnically diverse. There were no actors of color nominated for best picture at the Oscars. Casting directors in Abu Dhabi and Dubai made sure to find diverse extras. "Fast and Furious" films have had a diverse focus and appeal.
It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles. The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state. Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients. Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease.
Thousands of South Africans take to the streets in Durban to protest against violence and xenophobia. Hashtags like #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia are pouring out of South Africa. Some are asking, some via Twitter, is it enough to fight #xenophobia?
Dr. Anthony Moschetto pleads not guilty to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, prescription sale, weapons charges. Two other men, James Chmela and James Kalamaras, are named as accomplices. Moschetto's attorney says his client "will be defending himself vigorously"
The U.N. Security Council votes in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, Britain's ambassador to the United Nations says. Russia abstained from the vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi Arabia's defense minister form a military commission.
A trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday. It was quickly taken down minutes later. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday. Ben Affleck stars as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman.
Aaron Hernandez was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. The jury of seven women and five men deliberated for more than 35 hours over seven days. "It's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life," a woman on the jury says.
George Davon Kennedy was arrested in Georgia, police say. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee have been arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. A woman told police she may have been drugged and gang-raped on a beach behind a popular club.
Up to 400 service members from the USS Oklahoma could be identified. The battleship was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed. 35 crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon described the Yarmouk refugee camp as "the deepest circle of hell" The camp is home to thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Syrian civil war. Yarmouk must be a place where the politics of the possible begin to take hold, says U.N.'s Kofi Annan.
Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport. They received information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, State Security Minister David Mahlobo says. It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged, he says.
Deputies rush Kenneth Morgan Stancil III from court after he swears at a judge. Stancil is accused of killing an employee at Wayne Community College in North Carolina. Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, and investigators are looking into whether it was a hate crime.
Robert Bates tells NBC's "Today" show that he used to think the same thing. Tulsa County, Oklahoma, reserve deputy Robert Bates is charged with manslaughter in Eric Harris' death. Bates says he mistook his gun for a stun gun when he tried to subdue a fleeing suspect. Sheriff's office denies allegations that Bates' training records were forged.
Last week, Al-Shabaab militants killed 147 people at a university in Garissa, Kenya. The suspected "mastermind" of the attack, Mohamed Mohamud, once taught at the school where the massacre took place. Officials say he is now in command of a militia based near Kenya's long, porous border with Somalia. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announced three days of national mourning.
Pope Francis used the word "genocide" in a speech to commemorate a century since the slaughter of Armenians. He quoted a document by John Paul II, who used the term in 2001, but didn't speak it out loud. Turkey called the Pope's use of the term "unacceptable" and "out of touch with historical facts"
Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday, the league says. The Vikings say they "look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings" The NFL suspended Peterson in November over allegations he disciplined his son too harshly with a "switch"
Tulsa County reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect. Police say Bates thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot Eric Courtney Harris, 44. Harris later died at a local hospital.
Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes and 606,000 cases of drug use. Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission, with 76 severely wounded.
Jack White will take a hiatus from touring. He'll play five states he's yet to play. The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show, with tickets priced at $3. White performed at Coachella on Saturday night.
CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. Unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies, helping to ease Yemen's worsening humanitarian crisis. More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began, and 15.9 million people are in need of assistance.
Photographer Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s. During Lazar's interviews, many of the survivors broke down in tears. Fearing for their safety, they couldn't tell their stories publicly until the fall of the Soviet Union.
Documents show Robert Bates had one Taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period. He took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times, from 2009 to 2014, to use a handgun. His evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public. The sheriff's office has turned down CNN's requests for the training documents.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists. Indictment says he traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans. He allegedly told someone he wanted to target U.S. armed forces, police officers or people in uniform.
Andreas Lubitz, the co-pilot on Germanwings Flight 9525, was diagnosed with depression. The selection process is highly competitive, requiring above-average aptitude. Lubitz had barely over 600 hours of flight time when he committed his act of horror.
"Star Wars: The Force Awakens" producers unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie. A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web. Gisele Bundchen walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway in her native Brazil.
"Wonder Woman" director Michelle MacLaren is leaving the movie. Warner Bros. says "creative differences" led to her departure. The movie is still set for release on June 23, 2017. Gal Gadot will appear in "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" in March 2016.
Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6 in 1979. His disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. A New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing. Pedro Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, saying he lured Etan into a basement.
ABC is filming a proof of concept for a revival of "The Muppets" "The Big Bang Theory" co-creator Bill Prady is co-writing the script for a pilot presentation. The presentation is set to film next weekend on the Disney lot in Burbank.
Sexual harassment in India is pervasive in all aspects of life, says Ruchira Gupta. Gupta: Most people only think of sexual violence as rape and overlook touching, groping and stalking. Women everywhere just need to find the courage to speak up, Gupta says.
Jonathan Crombie co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies. He died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage, producer Kevin Sullivan says. Crombie played Gilbert Blythe, who evolves over time from tormentor to friend to husband.
The attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. Peter Bergen: The group has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia as well as a covert U.S. campaign.
Suge Knight is ordered to stand trial for murder and other charges. The former rap mogul faces up to life in prison if convicted. He is accused of running over two men, killing one, during an argument on the set of "Straight Outta Compton" earlier this year.
National Park Week is April 18 through April 26. Most of the National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round. The 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days. Check out night-time astronomy parties, daytime Revolutionary War programs and Earth Day parties.
Julian Zelizer: 7.7 million low-income households live in substandard housing, spend more than half their incomes on rent or both. The more they spend on housing, the less they have to invest in their children's education, build up savings and shop at local businesses. Zelizer: We can't preserve our way out of this problem; we've got to grow the supply to meet demand.
Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive. Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, written in Urdu, saying "America should be burnt" Lobo had left the Jinnah Medical and Dental College to pick up her two daughters from school.
David Frum: Rolling Stone's missteps were regrettable but understandable. Frum: The magazine's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not. He says the editors who committed the blunder seem unprepared to revamp their operation to prevent a repeat.
Jon Cryer recreates Duckie's record-store dance on "Late Late Show" The scene is one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film "Duckie" James Corden tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream" by recreating the scene.
Gayle Lemmon: "religious freedom" bills passed in Arkansas and Indiana caught governors off-guard. She says they underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses, including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality. Lemmon: America has crossed a threshold where it is no longer good business model to be intolerant of diversity.
Photographer Ines Dumig met Somali refugee Sahra at a photo workshop in Munich, Germany. Dumig's photo series "Apart Together" is a documentation of Sahra and a story about people from all backgrounds. The underlying themes of the series include the feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for a human dignity.
Jarret Stoll was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy, KSNV reports. He was released from a Las Vegas detention center late Friday on $5,000 bail. The L.A. Kings say they are conducting an internal investigation.
Walmart says the store clerk acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security to call police. Mario Valencia, 36, faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the.30-30 rifle. Marana police say the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered.
Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John. The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States. "The boys are in rough shape. The family are all fighters," their lawyer says.
ISIS claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack near the U.S. Consulate in Irbil, Iraq. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police say. The State Department says all American personnel are safe and accounted for. Police: Car moved in the direction of the consulate after an earlier explosion in the area.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, killing three people, including a 14-year-old boy. "No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks," government says. Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after the deadly attacks.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been in foster care since he was 7. He asked a church to help him find a home in 2013. A video of his plea went viral and thousands of people offered to adopt him. But he was sent back to Florida after a fight with a family in Ohio.
Julian Zelizer: Elizabeth Warren says she's not going to back down on her calls for breaking up banks. He says the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality. Democratic populism can't really work within the current campaign finance system, Zelizer says.
Little sign that the rebels are being driven back, or that lives are being saved in Yemen. The Houthis forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January. Hadi still claims he is Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen.
Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted into the company. Womack left her parents and eight brothers and sisters when she arrived in Russia six years ago, aged 15, speaking no Russian.
The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday. Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota's Somali community. Four of the men who were arrested appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. His latest CNN documentary, "Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution," airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday. Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter about the benefits of medical marijuana.
Maggie Doyne left her New Jersey hometown to travel the world before college. Ten years ago, she traveled to Nepal to witness the effects of a decade-long civil war. She returned to the country to help build a home for nearly 50 children. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Jason Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, when he saw an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence. Warnock scrambled from his car and scrambled up a hill to the SUV and its driver, Matthew Sitko.
Tom Brady expresses his love for his wife, model Gisele Bundchen, on Facebook. "You inspire me every day to be a better person," he writes. Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. She was the highest-paid model in 2014, according to Forbes.
Photographer Timothy Bouldry traveled the world photographing landfills for the past seven years. The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border. Bouldry captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India.
A lawsuit alleges Johns Hopkins and Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala. Subjects were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs worked best, the suit says. The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs, including people in the experiments and their descendants.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for the deputies' safety and that of their families. Reserve Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Eric Harris' death. Glanz apologizes to Harris' family, says FBI cleared agency of civil rights violations in the shooting.
Britt McHenry says she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation. "I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road," she says on Twitter. McHenry is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months.
Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder in the shooting death of Christopher Lane. Luna, 16 at the time of the shooting, will spend life in prison without the possibility of parole. He is not eligible for the death penalty because he was under 18 when the crime was committed.
J.J. Abrams and the cast of "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" unveil the trailer for the new film. The audience gasped, cheered and applauded the 110-second teaser. "You're more than fans. You're family," Mark Hamill told the crowd.
African metropolises have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent. The so-called ultra-high net worth individuals are typically those with over $30 million of net assets. Sales of high-end products in Africa grew by a third between 2008 and 2013. Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge.
Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel. Richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges, police say. She is a former child actress who appeared in "Escape to Witch Mountain" and "Wonderful World of Color" She entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues"
Thousands of Yazidis now call a refugee camp in Iraqi Kurdistan home. ISIS fighters took thousands of Yazidi women and girls captive, some as young as 8 years old. The Shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago, made up of some 4,000 tents.
A Japanese court has halted plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country. Locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Blackwater guards' jailing is a step for justice, but not enough, says Fawaz Gerges. ISIS uses Abu Ghraib and other cases of Western abuse to legitimize its current actions in Iraq, Gerges says. Lack of accountability in aftermath of U.S. intervention in Iraq paved the way for abuses, he says.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris. Bates said he meant to use his stun gun but ended up firing his handgun instead. In a 2009 case, a police officer fired his gun instead of his Taser, killing a man in California.
The drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, customs official says. One Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique. The drugs have a value of more than $105 million, he says.
Iraqi security forces regain full control of the Baiji refinery, coalition says. Peshmerga forces clear 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq. "Front-line reporting indicates at least 35 ISIS terrorists were killed," council says.
A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences. The channel told CNN that it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans public discussion of gay rights. Clinton's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where militants killed at least 15 people in February. Among the dead, a boy who shined shoes was among those killed, a police spokesman says.
Robert Kennedy Jr. compared "vaccine-induced" autism to the Holocaust. Autistic activist: Kennedy's rhetoric is a problem, even beyond the fraudulent basis for his claims about vaccines. He seems to think people with autism are "gone," their lives "destroyed" and their families "shattered"
President Barack Obama joined U.S. Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy for a roundtable discussion on climate change. Obama: "Ultimately, though, all of our families are going to be vulnerable. You can't cordon yourself off from air or climate" The World Health Organization estimates climate change will cause 250,000 deaths per year between 2030 and 2050.
Daisy Bentley has been collecting notes for the past six years. Her collection includes shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings. A gallery in London has put a selection of her notes on display for the public to view. Bentley: "I can barely walk down a street without picking up a scrap of paper"
Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill that would allow the state to use nitrogen gas in executions. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office says. Fallin reaffirmed her support for the death penalty, saying capital punishment "must be performed effectively"
American Pharmacists Association discourages its members from participating in executions. Association: Such activities are "fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers" Lethal injection is still the most common method for capital punishment in 32 states.
TEPCO deploys second robot after first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected. It was sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Four years after the nuclear crisis, the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high.
Chad Pregracke founded Living Lands & Waters in 1998. He and 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways. His efforts helped him earn the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award. In 2015, he wants to collect 500,000 more pounds.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb. They were youth pastors at the EastPointe Foursquare Church in Puyallup, the church says. "We are stunned! Shocked! Wounded, broken and dismayed," the church's lead pastor says.
LZ Granderson: Two new laws in Florida and Arizona threaten physician free speech. Granderson: The laws capitalize on controversial issues to divide and conquer. He asks: Why are doctors putting up with a professional assault the American Bar Association would never permit? LZ: States are the main battleground over the integrity of medical practice.
U.N. official: Survivors say boat may have capsized after being touched or swamped by a cargo ship that came to its aid. The company that manages the cargo ship denies that the ship caused the migrant boat to capsize. Two of the survivors are arrested on suspicion of human trafficking, an Italian police officer says.
23 people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., fire department and ministry sources say. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members aboard the flight from South Korea. Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident and is working to gather more information, spokeswoman says.
In 2014, 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea; 11,000 have been picked up in the past week alone. Despite the danger, the great majority head first for Libya, where the collapse of authority allows smuggling operations to go unhindered. European Commission called an urgent meeting of foreign and interior ministers after the sinking.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing the effects of the spill. It's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating. One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab.
Mexico says it is acting because the ship's owner has skirted U.N. sanctions. The Mu Du Bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. North Korea accuses Mexico of violating the crew members' human rights and demanding their release.
Heather Mack, 19, who helped her boyfriend stuff her mother's body into a suitcase, is sentenced to 10 years in prison. Her boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, was sentenced to 18 years for killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack in Bali last August. Schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriend's mother in self-defense after an argument over their relationship.
Rapper Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna kissed him onstage at Coachella. "Don't misinterpret my shock!! I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever," he wrote on Instagram. Drake's sour face after the encounter led many to speculate that he didn't enjoy the kiss.
Federal jury convicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. Danny Cevallos: The only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev should be executed. He says Tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody. He should fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell.
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk. The 34-year-old said she wants to spend more time with her family. Bundchen: "It is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice"
The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting. "The Americans," "Fresh Off the Boat," "Scorpion" and "Vikings" lead off this week's six things to watch. Luke Bryan and Blake Shelton host the ACM Awards on Sunday.
Pope Francis accepts the resignation of Kansas City-St. Joseph Bishop Robert Finn. Finn was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse. He was the highest-ranking U.S. Catholic official convicted in connection with the church's sex abuse scandal.
A look at Oklahoma City, 20 years after the Murrah federal building was bombed. A fly-by of Pluto, 4 billion miles away, and the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. CNN's Sanjay Gupta looks at the history of marijuana as a medicinal treatment.
Joss Whedon is accused of stealing the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" from a 2006 novel. Peter Gallagher is suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for "Cabin" with "Avengers" director Drew Goddard.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer gets a makeover. YouTube user Bobby Burns made a fan version using classic superhero footage. The 18-year-old says he wanted to contrast the old with the new. "The reaction has been great," he says.
Ringo Starr is the final Beatle to be inducted as a solo act. Bill Withers, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts and Stevie Ray Vaughan were also honored. Green Day was inducted by Fall Out Boy, who referenced the length of some of the speeches.
"Fantastic Four" and "Jurassic World" trailers come out this weekend. "Fantsastic four" promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters. Chris Pratt's character leads a mission to contain a genetically modified mutant dinosaur. The movie, due out August 7, is first in the rampaging-dino franchise.
It's unclear how Freddie Gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death. Court documents allege Gray was arrested after police found a switchblade in his pocket. It's not clear that simply having a knife is a crime, says Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. Six officers have been suspended.
Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year's climbing season. The route through the notoriously treacherous Khumbu Icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer. 16 Nepalis were killed last year when a piece of ice fell, unleashing an avalanche that killed them.
Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for "Tron 3" The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Legacy" "Tron: Legacy" was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the Grid.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. The fires were started in southeastern Siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields. As a result, the fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region. Lingering smoke from the fires were picked up by atmospheric winds.
ISIS claims responsibility for the attack. The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Paton Walsh says. A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad, a local government spokesman says.
Conrad Clitheroes, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in February. They were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport in the United Arab Emirates. No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation, their lawyer says.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has been found guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase of his trial begins with testimony about the impact of his bombs on the victims. "Krystle was the light of my life. She was extremely smart, hardworking, beautiful, every father's dream," father says.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was filmed drinking a glass of beer in seven seconds. His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar in Sydney drew raucous cheers from onlookers. Some commentators focused on Abbott's drinking technique; others suggested he was setting a bad example. Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
April is National Get Tested Month in the United States. Dr. Sanjay Gupta: Freedom of information sounds like a good thing, but there are many lab tests to order on yourself. He says the primary effect won't be more health, but rather more medical care. Gupta: It is hard for us to make well people feel better, but it's easy to make them feel worse.
The ACM Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night. It was the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever. Miranda Lambert justly owned the night when it came to awards. Garth Brooks saluted the U.S. armed forces during his performance.
Sabra hummus was recalled last month due to contamination. John Swartzberg, M.D., a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley, walked us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat. Swartzberg: There's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about a food recall. Consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis, a serious infection.
New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Her 1994 hit "All I Want For Christmas is You" is a classic. She was the queen of the 1990s, so it's only right that she get in on the revival. The Backstreet Boys have a documentary out.
Second Indonesian domestic worker executed by Saudi Arabia this week. Karni Bt. Medi Tarsim, 37, was beheaded without official warning. Indonesia says it tried to save Siti Zaenab Rupa, 47, from execution. Rights groups say Siti was mentally ill and there was no evidence she confessed.
The fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained. High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, State Forester Jim Karels says. A school in Miami-Dade County is evacuated as a precaution. The fire started Sunday as a grass fire that burned fewer than 100 acres.
The iPad was signed by the Pope's personal secretary. Proceeds from the sale will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity. The motorcycle sold for $284,000.
The Vatican says Pope Francis may make a stop in Cuba on his way to or from the U.S. in September. Pope Francis helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the United States and Cuba. He's already scheduled to visit Washington, New York and Philadelphia this year.
Polish Prince challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel in London's Hyde Park. Prince Jan Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. Farage says he does not intend to cross swords with the prince. UKIP wants Britain to leave the European Union.
A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather. The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore.
Cyclist Wang Pingan's bike was stolen in Shenzhen days before he was due to finish his trip. Police tracked down the thief and recovered the bike, which had likely been sold twice before being recovered. Wang, a recent graduate, had spent 460 days cycling around China and covered 29,200 kilometers.
Copenhagen's Carlsberg brewery has been home to the famous beer-maker since 1847. But the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in with a new neighborhood set to emerge in the heart of the Danish capital. Carlsberg City will feature 600,000 square meters of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space. The project has attracted interest from all over the world.
Boko Haram has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting Sharia law in Nigeria. The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10, when they tried to overrun a military base. Cameroonian troops retook cattle that was stolen by the attackers in Dia, an operations officer says.
The elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa, a commando source says. Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school, including 142 students. Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denies that his unit caused any delay in the response.
Martin O'Malley is intensifying his criticism of Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton finds a lot to love, and some distance from Barack Obama. A GOP ticket for the generations, and Republican calendar concerns fill our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table. Watch out for the "SEC" -- South Carolina, Iowa, New Hampshire and Florida.
Frida Ghitis: U.S.-Iranian relationship is "overmatched" Ghitis: Iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices. She says by making the nuclear issue the be-all and end-all that is supposed to reduce Iran's power, the United States is making Tehran taller.
Photographer Andres Figueroa documented religious festivals in the Atacama Desert in Chile. He used his mobile lighting studio to capture the ceremonies and rituals of the Andean people. "I felt the presence of love...  their love and effort in communicating with their divinity," he said.
Rabbis Mendel Epstein, Jay Goldstein and Binyamin Stimler were convicted of conspiracy to commit kidnapping. They were accused of planning and participating in the torture of Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives. Lawyers for each of the rabbis said they plan on appealing the convictions.
"What Pet Should I Get?" is the first new Dr. Seuss book since 1990's "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" Theodor Geisel's widow, Audrey Geisel, found the manuscript and illustrations in their California home soon after her husband died in 1991. The materials were set aside and then rediscovered in 2013.
Italy boasts the highest number of UNESCO World Heritage sites in the world -- 50. Many of these sites are crumbling to the ground due to neglect and lack of public resources. Culture and art, if well exploited, could generate a turnover of 214 billion euros a year, amounting to 15% of GDP.
Recent spikes in HIV and hepatitis C infections among injecting drug users in rural Indiana and Kentucky put syringe exchange programs back in the spotlight. Julian Zelizer: Syringe services programs have played a crucial role in driving down HIV transmission. He says they reduce the reuse and sharing of dirty syringes -- without increasing drug use.
Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch died. They were among seven people aboard a Cessna that went down near Bloomington, Illinois. The plane was headed back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis, an ISU spokesman says.
The species is called Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or Diane's bare-hearted glassfrog. Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973.
Celoron, New York, mayor offers to cover cost of fixing "Scary Lucy" sculpture. Mayor Scott Schrecengost says the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue. Artist Dave Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "most unsettling sculpture"
Phil Rudd pleads guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in New Zealand court. The drummer for AC/DC was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis at his home. Rudd fired several employees after his solo album flopped in the charts, according to a court summary.
Erika Langhart, 24, died after suffering multiple heart attacks and cardiac arrest. Hospital records cited the NuvaRing as a risk factor for Erika's multiple pulmonary embolisms. Less than a year later, Megan Henry had the scare of her life after starting birth control. Henry was a classmate of Erika and was training to compete in the Olympics.
Thousands of students in Turkey are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus. "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. The page on Change.org also features a still of Jedi Grand Master Yoda from "Star Wars: Episode II"
Canadian fighter jets carry out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria. The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's Department of National Defence says. Canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq since November.
Aaron Hernandez's lawyers say he had no conceivable reason to kill Odin Lloyd. The prosecution portrayed him as cold, calculating and insecure. "These guys... will do whatever he wants," the prosecutor said of Hernandez's co-defendants. Jury deliberations resume Wednesday after deliberating about an hour-and-a-half on Tuesday.
Al Qaeda fighters attack a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah. At least 270 prisoners are freed, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, officials say. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi, a Sunni.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key is accused of sexual harassment. A waitress complained about him repeatedly tugging on her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. Key apologized, saying it was "a bit of banter," but offered her wine by way of apology.
With the luxury of some time and healing, the city has moved on from the Boston Marathon bombings. The trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev proved that the U.S. judicial system is well equipped for terrorism trials. What united us as a city was based on the competency of the response, says former homeland security adviser Rick McGahey.
James Best, who played bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on "The Dukes of Hazzard," dies at 88. Best died in hospice in North Carolina of complications from pneumonia, friend says. "I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in one year," co-star John Schneider says.
UNICEF says 16 tons of medical supplies have arrived in Sanaa. The supplies are meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of Yemen's conflict. WHO says at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago.
Frances Bean Cobain is the daughter of Nirvana singer-guitarist Kurt Cobain. She is an executive producer of the new HBO documentary on his life, "Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck" "Kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art," Frances says.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters. About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power. The emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding. Four people have died as a result of the storm.
"Success Kid" is now an 8-year-old named Sammy Griner. His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. A GoFundMe campaign has already topped its goal of $75,000. The family doesn't know when a kidney might become available.
Michael Slager's wife is eight months' pregnant, mayor says. Slager, 33, has been fired from the North Charleston Police Department. He is charged with murder in the shooting death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. His mother tells ABC her son loved being a police officer.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted last week on all 30 charges in the Boston Marathon bombings. The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded at the finish line on April 15, 2013.
Three of the teens have been released "pending further enquiries," but two remain in custody. Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls the suspects the "Daesh death cult," a handle ISIS is known to loathe. Police say the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week.
Aaron Hernandez is charged with murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. Lloyd was dating the sister of Hernandez's fiancee and might have become his future brother-in-law. Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges. Jury deliberations in his murder trial began Tuesday.
Al-Shabaab has killed many more Kenyans than al Qaeda, according to a study. Kenya's invasion of Somalia in 2011 began a vicious cycle of violence against the Somali militants. The Westgate Mall attack in Nairobi remains the bloodiest Islamist terror attack on Kenyan soil.
Lewis Hamilton on pole for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg will start second on the front row. F1 championship leader Hamilton beat Rosberg by just four hundredths of a second. Sebastian Vettel will start third on the grid after winning the Malaysian GP.
Tristan da Cunha, a volcanic archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean, is home to just under 270 people. The UK overseas territory is holding an international competition to improve its infrastructure and make the island self-sustainable. Architects and designers from around the world are being sought to improve the island's infrastructure.
A huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific is being called "The Blob" The blob is 1,000 miles long, 1,100 miles wide and 100 yards deep. Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees, a significant rise. The heat has caused rising air, which can lead to more thunderstorms.
Arizona police release video of a Walmart parking lot brawl that left one man dead, one police officer wounded. The fight reportedly involved members of a Christian family band. Members of the family are reportedly in a Christian band named "Matthew 24 Now," which is a Bible verse that refers to the end times. Police charged four members of the Gaver family with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest.
Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl. He was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors. His father says no one asked for his permission to put his son's name on the memorial wall.
Alfred Taubman was a real estate developer who popularized upscale indoor shopping malls. Taubman founded the company his father founded 65 years ago. Forbes estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion. He was convicted in 2002 of conspiring to fix auction house commission rates to maximize profits.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry apologized for her comments to a Virginia towing company worker. Kelly Clarkson, Katie Hopkins, Mo'ne Davis and Queen Bey have all faced criticism with grace and dignity. McHenry has been suspended for a week by ESPN.
The mass killings of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire began 100 years ago Friday. Some scholars say it was the first genocide of the 20th century, even though the word "genocide" did not exist at the time. The issue of whether to call the killings a genocide is emotional, both for Armenians and for Turks.
On April 17, 1975, the Khmer Rouge regime of the Communist Party of Kampuchea took control of Cambodia's capital, Phnom Penh. At least 1.7 million Cambodians -- about a quarter of the country's population -- were killed or forced from their homes. A new TV show, "It's Not A Dream," has reunited members of 54 Cambodian families shattered by the genocide.
Hillary Clinton officially announced Sunday that she will run for president in 2016. Clinton has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry. There is a certain degree of nostalgia within the industry for her husband's two-term presidency. The former first lady's perceived coziness with Wall Street is a source of irritation for liberal activists.
Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, is suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman in a Paris suburb, authorities say. He called for an ambulance, saying he'd been accidentally shot in the thigh, a prosecutor says. But inside his car, police found weapons, ammunition and evidence of his plans to target churches, he says.
Larry Upright died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. His family asks that he don't vote for Hillary Clinton in his obituary. "We know he's up there giggling right now, just laughing out loud," his son tells CNN affiliate WSOC.
Hugh Rodham was buried at Washburn Street Cemetery in Scranton, Pennsylvania. "It was just laying down just right like that, boom," says Paul McGloin, who tended to the grave site. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over. Funeral director says there were no "serious winds or weather events"
A gorilla at a Nebraska zoo leaps toward a window and smacks into it, cracking it. Video of the incident has been viewed more than 1 million times on Reddit. The gorilla, named Kijoto, is a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla.
Steve Woolfenden: "I was completely terrified because I didn't know if I was ever going to see my son again" Marc Fucarile: "A lot of yelling, a lot of screaming, people crying out for tourniquets.... There was blood all over the sidewalk, all around me" Heather Abbott: "It was probably the hardest decision I've had to make.... I saw blood pouring out of my foot"
Julian Zelizer: It's only been a few weeks since the first presidential announcement but already the campaign is in high gear. Hillary Clinton, Chris Christie, Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have already made mistakes. Zelizer: Most of the mistakes will be blips, but some could end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions.
Adam Gadahn, 36, was killed in January in a U.S. government counterterrorism operation. He was known as the American mouthpiece of al Qaeda, speaking against his native country. Gadahn converted to Islam in 1995 and left the United States for Pakistan three years later.
WWF report: The "super economy" of the ocean is going downhill fast. 90 percent of the world's fish stocks are either fully exploited or over-exploited. By 2050, it's possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs, which have already been halved.
Penelope Cruz will join the cast of "Zoolander 2" Ben Stiller shared a photo of Cruz as a child. The sequel to the 2001 film is set for release in February 2016. Stiller is also set to produce the sequel to "Dodgeball"
Valerie Braham's husband, Philippe Braham, was killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. He was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in, killing four people, all of them Jewish. "Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham says.
80% of migrants heading for Libya's coast in 2014 headed for the easiest point of embarkation. Eritreans and Syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to Europe last year. "Worsening repression in Eritrea" has been one factor, says Arezo Malakooti, director of migration research at Altai Consulting. Populations in the region are swelling but farmland and economic security shrinking.
Experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons. Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks. South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers.
The U.S. is not doing nearly enough to address the problem of terrorism, authors say. They say little of our foreign military financing goes toward this vital facet in our efforts to counter extremism. Authors: By investing everywhere, we are investing nowhere, which is why we need to make choices about where we invest.
A Saudi-led coalition ends its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen. "Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process. Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen, hoping to wipe out rebels. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government, a key U.S. ally in fight against al Qaeda.
Indonesia has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row. The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014. Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan.
A SkyWest Airlines flight makes an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. A passenger loses consciousness and the plane descends 28,000 feet in three minutes. The passenger received medical attention before being released, a SkyWest spokeswoman says. SkyWest says there was no problem with the plane's door, as media initially reported.
New Orleans City Council passed a ban against smoking in bars, casinos and restaurants in January. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots. Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban, and a hearing is scheduled in state court.
Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe five years ago. Comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question. In the past three days, his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times. A number of people insulted and threatened Francis in response to the photo.
Many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from some of Italy's former colonies in North and East Africa. As migrants, Libyans are fewer in number, but Libya plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for Italy. Moammar Gadhafi, who ruled from 1969 to 2011, was born during the Italian occupation of his country.
"It was time to come home," Scott Kelley tells People magazine. Kelley and his wife Genevieve Kelley are accused of kidnapping their daughter and fleeing the country. The case was featured on CNN's "The Hunt" last year. Mary Nunes, now 19, was interviewed by investigators at the Atlanta airport to ensure her health and safety.
A cotton lobbyist group says one cotton farmer commits suicide every eight hours in India's cotton belt. Vidarbha, in the eastern region of the state of Maharashtra, is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis. Unseasonal rain and hail destroyed many crops earlier this year, but plentiful harvest in 2014 drove prices down while production costs rose.
The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers) She left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the Pacific Ocean to Baja, Mexico. The previous record was set by a humpback whale that traveled 10,190 miles round trip.
Relations between Iran and Saudi Arabia have always been thorny, but rarely has the state of affairs been as venomous as it is today. Both sides have good reasons to want to stop the Yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control and evolving into an unwinnable war. Unlike in Syria and Iraq, the Saudi military is now battling it out with Iranian-backed rebels in Yemen.
The women will be under police surveillance for a year. They were detained days before events planned for International Women's Day on March 8. The United States had urged China to free them, and the international community harshly criticized keeping the women in custody. "Free the five" became a Twitter hashtag.
Dr. Maizes: Girl Scout cookies contain high fructose corn syrup, sugar, canola oil and trans fats. She says doctors should talk more about the hazards of sugar, white flour, GMOs, and trans fat. A healthy diet would prevent cancer, heart disease, diabetes, strokes and other diseases, she says.
In South Carolina, Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $18,000 in unpaid child support. Failure to pay child support is not a crime, though states do criminalize it. It's rightly a civil matter. Some warrants are for the arrest of criminals. Other warrants, like those for contempt of a support order, have nothing to do with crime. They're essentially civil in nature.
ESPN's Britt McHenry was caught on tape berating and belittling an employee of a tow company. Frida Ghitis: McHenry should have known better than to have used such words, even if that's what she was thinking. Ghitis: The problem with social media is that it allows people to present and receive whatever angle they want.
Gen. Allen Batschelet: Obesity "is becoming a national security issue" Only 72,000 of 195,000 young men and women who signed up to fight for our country qualified for the Army. "We think by 2020 it could be as high as 50%, which mean only 2 in 10 would qualify to join the Army," he says.
Aaron Hernandez is being processed at the maximum-security Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction. He will then be moved to the Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, about 40 miles outside Boston. Souza is Massachusetts' newest prison, opened in 1998, with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day. Legal advocates for inmates describe Souza as sterile and violent at once.
Nuclear is our largest source of carbon-free energy, generating over 60% of U.S. electricity. Obama administration's energy policy plan is biased against nuclear energy, says Robert McIntyre. McIntyre: EPA's base case assumes the retirement of 96 of our 99 operating nuclear plants by 2050.
U.S. President Barack Obama's recent explanation of how his administration will engage with the Middle East is far from reassuring to the region. Instead of the "new beginning" that the President outlined in his much discussed Cairo speech in 2009, Mideast policy remains mired in a contradiction between principles and action on the ground, writes Peter Bergen.
Ruben Navarrette: Marco Rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues. Navarrette says Rubio has missed an opportunity to set himself apart from most of the presumptive GOP presidential candidates. Unless he can offer new ideas, his climb to the Republican nomination will be steep, he says.
Adrianne Haslet-Davis: "I saw all five of my toes, but I saw a lot of blood. I didn't see my ankle" Her husband, Adam Davis, has since "bravely admitted himself into a mental facility at the VA hospital," she says. Jury must decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should live or die for what he has done.
Robert Bates, 73, shot and killed Eric Harris, a man playing cops and robbers with real police in Tulsa, Oklahoma. LZ Granderson: Bates was a reserve deputy sheriff, which allowed him to work full time jobs in the community. Granderson: What was Bates, an insurance company CEO, doing there in the first place?
CEO Cheryl Rios says Hillary Clinton shouldn't be president because of her hormones. Frida Ghitis: Rios' view of women is not unique; some believe women have "our place" and that place is not at the table. She says gender bias against women in the workplace is so well established that even in 2015, a female candidate will be hard-pressed to get elected.
Thieves used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall to gain access to the vault, police say. Police say they have no idea whether the thieves are still in the country. The safe deposit boxes were taken over the Easter holiday weekend in the heart of London's jewelry district.
British police say they knew a burglar alarm went off but didn't respond. The Daily Mirror publishes time-stamped images it says show the thieves had been in the vault for days. A former police official speculates that the loss could run to $300 million.
The New England Patriots are still waiting on the results of the "Deflategate" investigation. The league is trying to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls provided for the AFC Championship game were underinflated. It's not clear when the investigation will be completed and when the findings will be announced.
Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond" "This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," his sister Madylin Sweeten says in a statement. He was weeks away from his 20th birthday.
Nick Loeb is suing Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying their two embryos, reports say. The two women were conceived through in vitro fertilization in November 2013. Loeb says he wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term, but doesn't want money from the egg donor.
Hillary Clinton's new campaign video features 20 women. Julian Zelizer: Clinton doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy. Zelizer: Democrats who overtly pandered to women at the expense of real issues crashed and burned.
A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction. A collector bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out. The gray two-piece ensemble was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of memorabilia.
Five years after the 2010 Gulf oil spill, the long-term negative effects remain unclear. Scientists continue to study environmental impacts of the spill. BP says the Gulf of Mexico appears to be healing itself. The government says it's too soon to draw conclusions about the health of the Gulf.
Ashish Thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15. His Mara Group spans over 20 countries and he's been called "Africa's youngest billionaire" Thakkar was the first African to sign up for the opportunity to travel to space with Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic.
Joao Vaccari Neto is the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party. He faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras. Vaccari is the closest political figure to President Dilma Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation.
Police carry out raids in seven provinces in what they call a first-of-its-kind operation. Some suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005, police say. Police: Some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience will be an advantage if she runs for president. He says she can't afford to be seen as Obama's third term on foreign policy. Zelizer: Clinton will have to walk a narrow line between negotiating process with Iran and its fruits, which are seen by many Israelis and American Jews as too generous.
African engineers are creating eco-friendly vehicles powered by electricity. "ABUCAR 2" from Ahmadu Bello University in Nigeria will compete in Shell Eco-marathon. Makerere University in Uganda has built a two-seater electric car called "Kiira EV" that can go 50 miles on a single charge. Ghanaian inventor is building SUVs with electric motors powered by rechargeable batteries.
Writers: The U.S. leads the world in incarceration, not education. We must examine the way our criminal justice system works and take necessary actions to change it, they say. They say states such as Texas and Georgia have made reforms that have reduced prison populations and crime rates.
Chile's National Geology and Mining Service says Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours. The agency says it is evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption, but indicated it was "stronger than the first one" Authorities issue a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in southern Chile.
President Obama is considering a possible meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro. Hillary Clinton will soon make her presidential campaign official in New York. Pressure is mounting on GOP operatives to choose sides in the race for the 2016 presidential nomination. The Robert Menendez corruption indictment could have a ripple effect on the campaign finance landscape.
Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union" He succeeds Candy Crowley, who signed off the program last December. Tapper will remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead" Sunday political programs are among the most prestigious chairs at networks.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence extends a public health emergency in response to HIV outbreak. As of Tuesday, there were 135 confirmed cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary --  of HIV. Increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana.
Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent. He was killed in a U.S. airstrike in January, the White House says. Sources say he was a key figure in the group, though he wasn't well-known in the West.
For Koreans, drinking is considered a way to get to know what someone is really like. Mondays are a big night for hoesik, as there are fewer cars during evening rush hour. Seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city's drinking culture. Follow these seven rules to avoid offending someone at a Korean drinking event.
Sissa Abu Dahou, 65, has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in Egypt's conservative Muslim state. A widow at just 21, Dahou was forced to fend for herself in the conservative south. The breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters, the equivalent of a few cents.
"I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air.  Flight 448 can you please tell somebody (to) stop it," the caller says. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," the pilot radioed air traffic control. The Alaska Airlines flight was en route to Los Angeles from Seattle.
"The Dark Knight Returns" writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known comic book. The final chapter in the "Dark Knight" trilogy will be released in the fall. Miller will be joined by artist Brian Azzarello. "Batman remains my favorite comic book hero and a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting," he says.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton surprised the world with the unconventional way she launched her campaign. He says she showed confidence and finesse to buck tradition on every front. We'll find out over the next year and a half whether it will work, he says.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: "Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment" Five young feminists face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. They were detained in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- a few days ahead of International Women's Day.
Airstrikes target Houthi positions in three parts of Sanaa, Yemeni Defense Ministry officials say. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its nearly month-long air campaign. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government, which was kicked out of the capital by rebels.
Jared Leto will play the Joker in 2016's "Suicide Squad" The actor has shaved his head and cut his hair for the role. He'll be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since Heath Ledger. Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Will Smith also star in the film.
U.S. has announced plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025. Julian Zelizer: Plan will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies and create more American energy jobs. Zelizer: A global climate agreement in Paris this December can send more signals to markets and drive more ambitious action.
Julian Zelizer: President Obama has argued with Elizabeth Warren, calling her "wrong" on trade policy. Hillary Clinton is trying to walk a fine line somewhere in the middle on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, he says. Zelizer: If Hillary Clinton wants to prove she's a real populist, now's her chance to be even more clear on the issue.
Kagoshima District Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government. The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the 2011 tsunami that caused the Fukushima meltdowns.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is on trial for the Boston Marathon bombing that left three dead and hundreds injured. Danny Cevallos: Tsarnaev's lack of remorse is a far cry from genuine remorse for the victims he's killed and maimed. He says a jury should vote 10-2 (or 9-3) for death; a lopsided but divided jury would result in a life sentence.
The students were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations. A tractor-trailer smashed into a line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident, police say. Luke Bryan tweets his condolences: "Praying for everyone at Georgia Southern and the families"
Kenyan police arrest five suspects in connection with Thursday's attack, CNN affiliate reports. One male found hiding under a bed is being treated as a suspect, sources tell CNN. 147 people were killed, including 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel. Most of the victims were shot in the back of the head, a medic says.
America has the highest incarceration rate in the world, with 25% of its prisoners. Nearly 40% of our country's prisoners are African-Americans, who only make up 13% of the general population. Criminalization of Americans also traps them in poverty, according to the Pew Charitable Trusts.
"It's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us," jury foreperson Lesa Strachan tells CNN's Anderson Cooper. Juror: "To leave your friend on the ground, knowing that he's not there anymore -- he's either dead or he's going to die -- that's indifference" "We're all people, and we're all equal," another member of the jury says.
The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13, health officials say. Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness. Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol. Tests ruled out infections from viruses or bacteria, the WHO says.
Warren Weinstein appears to have been the only American citizen held hostage by al Qaeda. He was accidentally killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. A senior Pakistani official says the Pakistani government put out feelers to members of the militant Haqqani Network and to the Pakistani Taliban.
Larry Johnson was flying with his brother, his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son. He says a flight attendant asked for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. Minutes later, the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing.
Molly Schuyler ate three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails. That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides. She did it all in 20 minutes at Big Texan Steak Ranch in Amarillo, Texas.
FDA is holding a public hearing on homeopathic remedies. A third of Americans use some form of alternative medicine. FDA has become aware of significant safety issues associated with homeopathic products in recent years. Homeopathic medicine is based on the idea that "like cures like," meaning if something causes a symptom, it will boost your body's ability to fight it.
Writers: President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward. Climate change is a chance for all of us to add a chapter to the story of American triumph and human progress, they say. They believe that America will see opportunity in the danger of climate change just like we saw benefits on Earth from travel in space.
Slovenian archaeologist Ivan `prajc has discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico. Since 1996, he and his team have discovered the lost city of Lagunita, built circa 700 AD and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later. Droughts, climate change, (and) overpopulation, must have come as consequences of devastating raids and wars among the Mayan states.
Australia's participation in the first world war was contested from the outset. Less than 40% of eligible men signed up to fight "for King and Country" As the carnage at Gallipoli brought home the realities of war, recruitment fell. Conscription referendums of October 28, 1916, and December 20, 1917 were massive rallying point for people who opposed the war.
Sandra Mackey was a veteran journalist and author. Her book on Iraq became required reading for many military leaders. She was a frequent commentator on CNN during the Gulf War in the 1990s. "I am literally a little old lady in tennis shoes," she once joked.
The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, officials say. It's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational. The exact nature of the threat couldn't be learned. No arrests have been made.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government, Israel's President says. Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin's Jerusalem home Monday. "I wish you success in your work," Rivlin tells the Prime Minister.
Sabeen Mahmud had just finished leading a discussion group on a topic that many in Pakistan want silenced. Two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi for the night. Mahmud's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country.
North Korean representatives confirm Kim Jong Un will be in Moscow next month, Tass reports. This would be Kim's first official foreign trip since he became North Korean leader in late 2011. Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit, state-run media reports.
Fethiye Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink. Dink was a proponent of reconciliation between Turks and Armenians who was assassinated in 2007. Cetin's grandmother told her that her real name was Heranus, a 9-year-old forced deportee of 1915. Heranus and her family were among a stream of women and children being forcibly marched by Ottoman soldiers.
Giovanni Lo Porto was killed by a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan, authorities say. He was abducted in January 2012 along with a German colleague, then killed two years later. Lo Porto, a native of Sicily, was heading to Pakistan to help with flood relief, state media report.
Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 slaying of Odin Lloyd. LZ Granderson: He walked into court with an air of bravado, his head held high like the $40 million, NFL superstar he was. Granderson: What does it matter that Hernandez was arrogant in court, or walked with too much swagger, or even smiled at his girl? Like it or not, that is who he is. The evidence is what matters.
Oskar Gröning is accused of complicity in the murder of 300,000 Jews during his service at Auschwitz. He has insisted in his innocence as a matter of law, arguing he had been no more than a "cog in the gears" The refusal of perpetrators to own up to their guilt remains one of the most disappointing aspects of Holocaust trials.
Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital. Over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London. Many of the African buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining cultural ties with London -- and it's here they want to send their children to school.
Earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year. The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s. Nepal is located on a major plate boundary between India and Eurasia.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Warren Weinstein was inadvertently killed in a U.S. drone strike in January. His family paid money to his captors, a Pakistani source who was in regular contact with the kidnappers says. The source noticed a marked change after the money was paid, the source says.
Patrick Dempsey's character on "Grey's Anatomy" died Thursday night. The character, Derek Shepherd, was killed off in a car crash. His wife, Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo), will remain the show's mainstay. Dempsey still has a year left on his contract.
Friday marks the 100th anniversary of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire. Armenians say 1.5 million ethnic Armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the Empire in 1915. Turkey denies that a genocide took place, maintaining that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence. Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens.
The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8. Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight. The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer that "for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman" "I'm so proud of you, Dad. You are so brave. My beautiful Hero," Jenner's daughter Kendall tweets. "GOP logic: Bruce Jenner is not Gay...but Transgender," Benny says on Twitter.
More than one million Armenians were killed during the last days of the Ottoman Empire in 1915. Pope Francis recently called it "the first genocide of the 20th century" Many Armenians cringed over the Kardashians' potboiler storyline, but slowly warmed to them.
Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds file suit against the Food and Drug Administration. The companies say the FDA's new guidelines go too far and are too vague. A spokesman for the FDA says the administration does not comment on litigation.
More than 44 million Americans visit their doctor for an annual physical exam. There's little evidence that those visits actually do any good for healthy adults. "I would argue that we should move forward with the elimination of the annual physical," says Dr. Ateev Mehrotra.
"The Eureka Factor" is a new book by neuroscientists John Kounios and Mark Beeman. The book explains how to clear out mental junk, in order to make way for pivotal revelations. Spaciousness helps broaden thoughts, says Dr. Kounos. Dark colors and dim lighting can also be beneficial.
A 14-year-old boy is charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas. He was arrested April 2 in Blackburn, Lancashire, and will appear in court Friday. Police say he encouraged an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead and urged the beheading of "someone"
CNN's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state. Some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like Kyle Jenner's. "Iron Man" Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with a British interviewer.
Marvel's "Daredevil" will return for a second season in 2016. The show premiered its first season on Netflix last month. It's just one of four series Marvel has committed to airing on the streaming service. Avengers characters "Jessica Jones," "Iron Fist," "Luke Cage" and "Jessica" will also return.
In 2015, YouTube is investing in "YouTube Spaces," where "creators" have access to professional studios, training, and resources. The Tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to YouTube partners, who create content and share ad revenue with the website. "YouTube is not only cats and dogs on skateboards any more. It's a place for great high quality content," head of YouTube Spaces for Asia Pacific says.
The latest beauty trend involves sucking on a shot glass to look like Kylie Jenner. The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days. "Belfie" is a term reportedly coined by Kim Kardashian herself. In 2014, the number of women undergoing buttock augmentation rose by 86%.
Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the cult classic. It will be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega. The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event" There is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air.
Alice Barker was a dancer in New York nightspots in the 1930s and 1940s. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them. Volunteers put together a video of "soundies" -- early music videos -- and showed them to Barker.
Protesters want answers about what happened to Freddie Gray, and why he died. Police say they chased Gray for "running while black," but his family says they didn't have probable cause. The police union says officers had every right to chase Gray, but protesters want to know more details.
Jeremy Renner and Chris Evans apologized for comments made during a junket interview. Renner called Black Widow a "slut," while Evans called her a "whole whore" Both actors said they were just "poking fun" The "Avengers" sequel is due out in less than a week.
Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad" David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts actors Jared Leto as the Joker, Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn.
Nepal was hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed. Save the Children has set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children, who are always the most vulnerable in an emergency. "I hope that we can all play a role in making sure that the tremendous gains that have been made in this country that I love so dearly will not have been in vain," she says.
"It was turning into the wild, wild, West," sheriff says. "There was no choice; the animals had to be destroyed," police say. The chase took officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the Hudson River. One buffalo calf was found dead on a road, hit, and not reported, by a driver, owner says.
Defendants are convicted of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death. They will be sentenced June 26. Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion died in November 2011 after a hazing ritual. A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide.
"Sopranos" creator David Chase explains the reasoning behind the show's final scene. He didn't reveal whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies. Chase's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris. A 2009 internal investigation by the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office found training policies were violated. The sheriff's office has not responded to CNN's requests for comment. Bates' attorney says his client had the proper training.
Geoffrey Lewis was a prolific character actor. He appeared with Clint Eastwood in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel, "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" Lewis was a co-founder of the spoken-word performance group Celestial Navigations.
Richard Corliss was perhaps Time magazine's most quoted film critic of all time. His all-TIME top 100 movies list included everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Drunken Master II" He coined the phrase "drop-dead gorgeous" to describe actress Michelle Pfeiffer in a review of "Into the Night"
Pilot arrested after trying to board flight from London to Hong Kong with knives in luggage. Metropolitan Police say he was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night. He was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a knife blade.
Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. "Between Riverside and Crazy," a play by Stephen Adly Guirgis, wins for drama. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" wins for general nonfiction. The Pulitzer Prizes are considered some of the most prestigious honors in journalism and literature.
Justice Department: Passengers on the U.S. no-fly list will be given information about why they're banned from commercial flights. A June ruling said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process. The ACLU isn't satisfied with the government's new policy, outlined in court documents.
Korea's buddae-jjigae dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War. Anthony Bourdain recently stopped by Anderson Cooper's kitchen to cook up the dish. Bourdain: "It's, in fact, a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness"
A Catholic Reads the Bible is a weekly series on CNN.com. This week, Kelly Wallace tackles the story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise in Genesis. Wallace: "This is not the God that I have known for nearly 42 years"
TSA report: Full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection" TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening, report says. Only two major airports in the U.S. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors. CNN revealed this month that passengers filed 30,621 claims for valuables missing from luggage.
A New Jersey police officer's dash cam captures the dramatic rescue of a driver trapped in an overturned car. The driver was pinned inside, unconscious, and smoldering, when police arrived. It took them two minutes to cut off the seat belt, as smoke kept rising. All three were lucky to escape the flames.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam says he posed as a black man to get into medical school in 1998. He says he shaved his head, trimmed his hair, and applied to medical school as a "black man" He was wait-listed at four schools and got into only one, Saint Louis University Medical School.
Mark Goodacre is a professor of New Testament and Christian origins at Duke University. He was a series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on CNN's "Finding Jesus" Viewers were invited to tweet and post their questions about Mary Magdalene on Facebook.
In rural China, exotic dancers are the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice. A 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time for a prom-posal. Johnny Depp is nearly unrecognizable in the "Black Mass" trailer. And a military dad photobombs his son? Kudos for originality.
A mom was upset that Springs Creative fabric didn't include two female characters from "Big Hero 6" The company responded that boys don't want girl characters on their products. Melissa Atkins Wardy, author of "Redefining Girly" and advocate for fighting gender stereotypes, shared the story on her blog. Springs Creative responded quickly, saying it would be talking with Disney about a new fabric.
On the 2008 campaign trail, Obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by Turks of Armenians. It's a moral position taken by Pope Francis, actor George Clooney and even by the Kardashians. Obama regards Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- as a more crucial ally than Armenia.
Hundreds are confirmed dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday. Witnesses share their accounts of the quake and aftershocks. "The shake was like nothing I have experienced in my 57 years. It was strong and it shook for a long time," says a UNICEF official.
Ohio Gov. Rob Portman: America needs a leader who believes in a set of fundamental values to bring about change. Portman: Great leaders are not primarily guided by polls, political parties, focus groups, re-election, special interests or protecting the status quo.
Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf are back on "The Big Bang Theory" Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in "Mom" The Tom Selleck drama "Blue Bloods" concludes its two-part season finale.
Joel Burger and Ashley King met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin, Illinois. They were asked to stand as student council representatives during a motivational speaker. "He said our names to the school and then laughed and pronounced that together we were Burger King," says Ashley King.
John Sutter will be reporting on climate change for the rest of the year. Vote on the first story he'll report on using the poll below. We asked for your questions about climate change and about the 2-degree threshold. William Nordhaus, an economist at Yale, proposed the threshold in 1977.
Jon "Bones" Jones is the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion. He is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident," Albuquerque police say. A pregnant woman in her 20s suffered minor injuries in the accident. Jones is scheduled to fight Anthony Johnson in UFC 187 on May 23.
St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault. A 15-year-old has also been arrested, according to authorities. There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime. The beating was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger's cell phone camera.
Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution. Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso told her sister her execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28. The ten include two Australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -- members of the so-called "Bali Nine" smuggling ring.
Severe storm capsizes sailboats during regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama. Coast Guard says as many as 50 people were rescued from the water. Five people were initially reported missing, but one person has been rescued, the Coast Guard says. Search and rescue efforts are ongoing.
Betty Whitehead Willis designed the "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign. She also designed the signs for the Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel. Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city"
Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head. She posted a proud photo this week of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. Callers rang the phones hot at Washington County's Animal Clinic, where Lindsey worked, to vent their outrage.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight is set to be the richest in boxing history. Tickets for the May 2 bout will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of the highly-anticipated event in Las Vegas. The 64-year-old Nevada native has refereed five of Mayweather's bouts and seven of Pacqiao's.
Strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, to attract more mourners, Xinhua news agency says. Photos obtained by CNN from an attendee at a village funeral show mourners of all ages, including children, watching the performance. China's Ministry of Culture issues a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases.
A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to. Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, signed into law in late March, sparked a nationwide controversy.
A Save the Children spokesman says a ship carrying 550 capsized off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard says it cannot confirm such an incident. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015.
On July 20, 2012, a gunman opened fire on a midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" in Aurora, Colorado. Twelve people were killed and 70 were injured. Suspect James Holmes goes on trial for 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges.
Ali Addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into Djibouti, which borders Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia for 25 years. For the camp's 10,000 residents, who mostly come from these countries, this is supposed to be just the first stop on their journey to resettlement through the United Nations. Many though say it's been years and they're tired of waiting. For those willing to pay, there's another route to a new life. Across the Ethiopian border, through to Sudan and then up and across into Libya.
The woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly. She follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!" The boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie, with a dark backpack on.
Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government. It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned. There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water. Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days.
Rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus was shot at early Sunday in Atlanta. No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made, police say. Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night. Police are still looking for suspects.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's defense team begins what could be a two-week campaign to avoid the death penalty. "No punishment could ever be equal to the terrible effects of this crime on the survivors and the victims' families," attorney says. Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him; 17 of those counts carry death penalty for murders of four.
Less than 48 hours after Nepal earthquake, the death toll from the 7.8-magnitude quake has passed 3,000. Families are camped out at Kathmandu's only airport, waiting to find out if their loved ones are still alive. Rescue workers continue to dig through the rubble, searching for survivors. People are clambering aboard buses, into cars, trying to get as far away from this devastation as possible.
Freddie Gray's family had asked there be no protests, no violence on the day he was laid to rest. "I want them all to go back home," Rev. Jamal Bryant says of rioters. Gang members of the Crips and Bloods, two street gangs, join community leaders for a press conference Monday night.
Warren Weinstein, 73, was killed in a U.S. drone strike in Pakistan, officials say. His wife says there are no words to describe the family's "heartbreak" Al Qaeda released a video of Weinstein on Christmas 2013, saying it had him in a prisoner swap.
Texas A&M Galveston professor Irwin Horwitz says he will fail his entire class. Horwitz: "Enough was enough" University says it will not stand by Horwitz' decision to hand out failing grades. University officials say the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class.
It's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician. Hillary Clinton is trying to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her "Scooby-Doo" van is followed by throngs of press. The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline.
Nepali Pranksters were shooting a hidden camera video series in Nepal when the earthquake struck. They kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they moved through the streets of the town of Jawalakhel. "We were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake," one of the pranksters says.
Within hours of the first quake, India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. On Sunday alone, India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has visited the country twice in his first year in office.
Arthur Baldwin, 29, is charged with first-degree attempted burglary and destruction of property. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended, the Secret Service says. Baldwin is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch, which works with the diplomatic community in Washington.
Lee Wan-koo will stay in his official role until President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation. He has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being. Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation.
Aftershocks continue to send snow and rocks thundering down mountainside, complicating rescue efforts. "We were sitting here in base camp, feeling the situation was getting better," a climber says. The base camp on the Nepal side of Everest is in a vulnerable spot, sitting in a valley surrounded by high Himalayan peaks.
Sonit Awal, 4 months old, was buried alive when his house collapsed in the earthquake. His father frantically searched for him for 22 hours before calling the Nepalese Army. The soldiers returned to rescue him on Sunday morning and lifted him from the rubble.
Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest. The armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls the militant group Boko Haram kidnapped in April 2014. Boko Haram, a militant Islamist group, has been kidnapping females for years.
Malala Yousafzai was shot in 2012 for supporting girls' right to an education. She survived the attack and went on to win the Nobel Peace Prize last year. Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the attack, a judge says.
The main highway out of Kathmandu shows massive cracks, the tarmac torn apart by the force of Saturday's huge tremor. In Ravi Opi a village official tells CNN that 90% of the houses are currently uninhabitable. Maili Tamang, 62, is alive, but surveys the desolation the quake has wreaked on her life. "I just want to cry, all I feel is hurt "
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott appeared to accept the inevitability of the "Bali Nine" duo's executions. Australian public's view of Indonesia, and anger with its government, will take much longer to subside. Australia and Indonesia will continue to work together behind the scenes at the operational levels.
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont could make an announcement within days, says CNN's Nia-Malika Henderson. Ohio Gov. John Kasich isn't in a rush to make a formal declaration of candidacy. The GOP establishment is putting a priority on candidate recruitment and hoping to build on its 2014 successes.
Many Australians are appalled by the brutal and pointless executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Australia's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states, writes Andrew Hammond. Hammond: We can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies.
Baltimore police hand over files on Freddie Gray's death to prosecutors. No reports will be made public, police commissioner says. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake dances around the question of whether answers will be forthcoming. "It can't be the end. There's been no charges," she says when asked about the case.
Robert Downey Jr. walked out of an interview with British journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy. Downey seemed to misunderstand that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions, says Jarrett Bellini. "What the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak," Bellini says.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of planning a Boston-style attack, police say. The target of the alleged plot was a bicycle race near Frankfurt, a terrorism researcher says. Police say they found a pipe bomb, ammunition, a gun and the parts of a G-3 assault rifle.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is scheduled to speak Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress. David Frum: Abe arrives in Washington at an opportune time to help along the economic centerpiece of the "pivot" He says the immediate battle in Congress is not over the TPP directly, but something called trade promotion authority.
Les Moonves is the CEO of CBS, which includes Showtime and the Pacquiao-Mayweather fight. A waiter at Craig's in West Hollywood offered Moonves an "in" to the May 2 bout. The waiter, Gabriel Salvador, is an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods" "My reward will be sitting at the fight," Salvador says.
Kim Bok-dong spent five years as a sex slave of the Japanese army, from 1940 onwards. She says she was locked in a room and forced to do things no teenage girl should ever have to do. "My only wish is to set the record straight about the past. Before I die," she says.
Up to 200 people are feared missing after a landslide in a popular trekking area, an official says. The death toll in Nepal now stands at 4,600, with more than 9,000 injured, officials say. "This is the time to go out and save lives," a Nepal army lieutenant colonel says.
Relief mission to Melamchi, central Nepal, is only the third of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's 7.8-magnitude quake. The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice. Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area, an official says.
Judge Jerry Baxter says he wasn't "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three Atlanta educators. "I'm not comfortable with it," he says of earlier sentence. Teachers accused of cheating on tests by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers. All defendants sentenced to prison have appealed and are out on bond.
Native American actors walk off the set of "The Ridiculous Six" They say the script is insulting to Native Americans and women. "Our dignity is not for sale," says Choctaw actor David Hill. Sandler has not commented publicly on the walkout.
Anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead. CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in the country about the crisis. One Congolese immigrant says he is too afraid to go to work. Another says the government needs to do more to provide jobs and education.
White shirts will be worn by command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department. The department says the change is part of an effort to ensure "accountability, professionalism and transparency" Some studies have shown that lighter-colored uniforms may give a sense of goodness and safety.
Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in "X-Men: Apocalypse" The "Newsroom" actress will play Betsy Braddock in the movie. "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence will also star.
Photographer Laurence Rasti traveled to Denizli, Turkey, to document the lives of gay and lesbian refugees. Homosexuality is illegal in Iran and punishable by death. Rasti hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen"
Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" He got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. "Listen I've got powers too, and they're pretty sweet," he crooned to a reworked version of Thinking Out Loud.
ISIS fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley. The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President, Ashraf Ghani, has termed a "terrible threat" U.S. officials CNN has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential for an ISIS presence in Afghanistan.
Marilyn Mosby, 35, is Baltimore's chief prosecutor. She will decide whether to file charges against police officers in the death of Freddie Gray. Mosby, who grew up in Boston, is the youngest chief prosecutor of any major U.S. city in the United States. "We ask for the public to remain patient and peaceful," she says.
Jared Leto plays the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad" The actor put on white makeup and lots of tattoos to portray the Clown Prince of Crime. Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night. The memes started almost immediately.
Jay Z tweeted #TidalFacts over the weekend to refute criticism of his music streaming service. The rapper/entrepreneur launched Tidal last month with a star-studded news conference. A parody Twitter account was quickly created to offer some "facts" of its own.
Thousands are missing in Nepal after a devastating earthquake struck the region on Saturday. Technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries, ask for help and search for loved ones. Raisaa Tashnova and her friends huddled together and camped on higher ground overnight, expecting to be rescued. "It was a walk of survival," she says.
Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and all other charges in January hit-and-run incident. He is accused of running over two men during an argument in a parking lot in Compton, California. The judge lowered Knight's bail earlier this month, to $10 million from $25 million.
Stephen Hawking teams up with Monty Python for a new song. The cosmologist recreates the "Galaxy Song" from "The Meaning of Life" The song is available for download on Saturday's Record Store Day. It's not Hawking's first music gig: He's featured on the Pink Floyd song "Talkin' Hawkin'"
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. The U.S., which is leading the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq, has denied any direct coordination with Iran. Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the United States and its allies are not trying seriously enough.
Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. After clashing with James, Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel.
British High Street is salivating at prospect of record sales should HRH Princess (fill in the blank) of Cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits. The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status. As the daughter of the second-in-line to the throne, her role will be significant. A baby girl will fill the female void of future generations.
Sandra Bullock is People magazine's most beautiful woman of 2015. She joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including Lupita Nyong'o and Gwyneth Paltrow. Bullock calls the whole thing "ridiculous"
Diana, Princess of Wales was a rare breed: stunningly beautiful, immediately accessible, witty, charming and endearingly mischievous. Diana's name conjures up both positive and negative responses the world over. William doesn't need to name his second-born child after his mother in order to honour her; he does so by being a good husband and father.
Linda Thompson says she would not have married Bruce Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue" The two met in 1979 at a tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion. They married in 1981 and had two sons together. Thompson says she forgives Jenner for the years he was "held prisoner in his own flesh"
Julian Zelizer: Bernie Sanders is a long shot to win election to the highest office in the U.S. But he says he is an authentic voice who speaks without fear, and nobody should underestimate him. Zelizer:  He was never a Democrat -- and isn't yet.  He's a progressive, holding his seat as an independent.
Julian Zelizer: Liberal Democrats have more political space to move forward with their initiatives. He says the most exciting ideas are taking hold at the local level. Zelizer: Local and state politics are proving to be arenas for great experimentation. This is the only opportunity that liberals have right now of seriously moving forward with new ideas.
Pemba Tamang, 15, is rescued from the rubble of a building in Kathmandu. A U.S. special operations forces team rescues 30 people, including three Americans. Nepal authorities say at least 6,134 people have been killed and 14,000 wounded.
Photographer Fabien Le Coq's photo series "Treesome" is meant to bring about pause and reflection. The series, shot between 2012 and 2014, reflects his travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia. Each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time, he says.
Dzhokhar "Jahar" Tsarnaev's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence. The sentencing phase of the federal case will resume Monday. Tsarnaev was convicted April 8 on all 30 counts, including 17 that carry a possible death penalty.
Mui Thomas was born with Harlequin ichthyosis, a condition that causes thick, dry and flaky skin. She's thought to be the fourth oldest person alive with the condition, the oldest is 31. The 22-year-old refuses to let it get in the way of her life -- she has a full-time job, plays sport and is a public speaker.
The Tony nominations were announced Tuesday morning. Bruce Willis is set to make his Broadway debut in the upcoming play "Misery" Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming are set to host the ceremony. The Tony Awards will air live from Radio City Music Hall on CBS June 7.
Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libyan authorities were not consulted about possible EU military action. EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers at the source. Haftar: "Military action against Libyan territory is an unwise decision" He says Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration.
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, was once known as the murder capital of the world. Five years later, local officials say the city is much safer, and plans are underway to lure tourists and investors back. U.S. Rep. Robert "Beto" O'Rourke of Texas was one of those on a tour of Juarez this month.
Japan's Shinzo Abe delivered his first address to the U.S. Congress, the first by a Japanese Prime Minister. Shinzo Abe missed a great opportunity to dispel tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history. This "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's image, riles China and South Korea and thereby undermines the bilateral security agenda.
Hundreds of corpses were found buried in shallow graves in the streets of Damasak, Nigeria. The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation. Victims included men, women and children murdered by Boko Haram when they seized the area in November.
Airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against four militants, Israel says. The airstrikes prevented a bombing, the Israeli military said. Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported. It was not immediately known to what militant group the men belonged.
Domestic terror threats range from white supremacists to eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists. The FBI's goal, of course, is to prevent "homegrown attacks" before they happen. These are the FBI's most-wanted domestic terrorist fugitives. Leo Burt bombed a building at the University of Wisconsin in 1970 to protest the Vietnam War.
Prosecutor Javier de Luca says there was "no crime here" He was investigating allegations that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing. The original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January.
April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa. Celebrations come against the backdrop of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April. People across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate this year's event, express their views and send out their wishes.
The earthquake struck Kathmandu, Nepal, on March 26, killing more than 1,000 people. CNN's Ravi Agrawal was at his uncle's place in Ramkot, some 12 kilometers (7.4 miles) east from his family home. He says he and his family huddled under a concrete beam and prayed for safety.
13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. Commanding officer Rear Adm. Brad Williamson says Russia's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises.
Anamarie Shreeves, 26, lives a zero-waste lifestyle. She composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products. Shreeves packs her bags every day with a cup to drink from, a metal tin and a reusable fork and knife.
Mocha the Doberman pincher ate three watches. She ate the leather straps, screws and watch heads from a shelf in her owner's bedroom. Owner: "It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up" Dobermans are known to get anxious and do these sort of things, her breeder says.
The spacecraft will burn up in the atmosphere between May 5 and 7, Roscosmos says. It does not present any danger to the International Space Station due to a significant difference in orbit, it adds. Russia lost contact with ISS Progress 59 during a resupply mission to the ISS.
Kerrilyn Ifill: As a 12-year-old girl, I saw riots in Miami after police officers were acquitted in a fatal beating. She says she was afraid such senseless violence could derail the legitimate causes of the African-American community. If you want to prevent riots, she says, take steps to prevent them.
Photographer Kate Parker's series, "Strong is the New Pretty," documents the lives of her two daughters. She wanted to capture them as they were -- freckled, muddy, screaming, laughing, jumping in the pool, collecting worms in the creek. Parker hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives.
Coloring books for adults are selling at a rapid rate. They're marketed to stressed-out, work-addled adults who want to benefit from the quiet zen that a coloring session can bring. "I'm a grown-up, but I still love coloring books," novelist Matt Cain wrote in a piece for The Guardian.
Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012, a new study finds. The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level. In 2012, 8 percent of Americans were considered heavy drinkers and 18 percent were binge drinkers.
Roseanne Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma. The actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes. Doctors have not given a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility.
Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes to under-21s. The state's legislature passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes. Gov. David Ige's signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016.
Jean Nidetch started Weight Watchers with a group of friends in 1961. Nidetch's guiding philosophy: "It's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny" She lost 72 pounds and inspired millions more to shed pounds. "It is our honor and responsibility to carry on her legacy," CEO says.
Roseanne Barr revealed earlier this week that she is going blind. She has macular degeneration and glaucoma, two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time. There is no cure for either disease, but there are treatments that may delay the disease's progression.
Jordan Spieth demonstrated optimal movement in two key areas that enhance swing power and fluid control while decreasing risk of back and knee injuries. Golfers have mobility limitations in their mid back or hips, they compensate with their low back and knees, which not only hampers play but often leads to pain and injury. Try these three yoga-based moves to address the key areas of the swing.
142 people have tested positive for HIV in Scott County, Indiana, the CDC says. This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people. The outbreak has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana. Health leaders worry about the spread of HIV and other diseases such as hepatitis C.
A Singapore high school student gives her friends a list of 10 possible birthday dates. She doesn't want to share her birthday with her friends, so she gives them a series of clues. See if you can figure out Cheryl's birthday in the video below.
Mary Doyle Keefe was the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter" She was a 19-year-old telephone operator when she posed for the cover of the Saturday Evening Post in 1943. She died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut.
acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, reduces pain and pleasure, a new study finds. The drug also blunted joy, narrowing the range of feelings experienced, researchers say. Each week, about 23% of American adults -- or 52 million people -- use a medicine containing it. It's not known whether ibuprofen and aspirin have the same effect.
Cassandra C. was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated. A judge ordered her into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families in December.
Chief Justice John Roberts is back in the spotlight in a landmark same-sex marriage case. The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges on Tuesday. Roberts has a solid conservative record and would seem an unlikely vote to support a constitutional right to gay marriage. But both sides see the case as a legacy-making moment for Roberts.
The latest outbreak of bird flu in the U.S. is not likely to pose a threat to humans, the CDC says. 16 states have seen cases of the virus since mid-December. Iowa has about 60 million laying hens, and is the top egg producer in the country.
Nepal's most renowned pagodas in Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps after earthquake. Shiva temple pagoda and its twin, the Narayan pagoda, both hundreds of years old, have been obliterated. Kathmandu Valley's other famous temples, stupas and shrines suffered surprisingly little damage.
A 3.69-carat diamond was found at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas. It's the 122nd diamond found at the state park so far this year. Visitors get to keep what they find at the park's 37.5-acre search field.
Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving. Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most. Nepal has a per capita income of around $1,350, only a notch above that of Haiti, and among the lowest in the world.
Ben Powers played Keith Anderson on the final season of "Good Times" He also had a regular role as "Moochie" on "The Greatest American Hero" Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced. No cause of death was revealed.
Nepalese and international medical teams are treating the injured in remote areas of Nepal. Many of the damaged villages are not accessible by roads. Helicopters bring tents, tarps, blankets, food and baby supplies to most damaged areas. "For us, it's most important to focus on the vulnerable," says Olivier Hagon, head of a Swiss aid agency.
Photographer Ken Hermann visited Malik Ghat, a wholesale flower market in Kolkata, India, for his project "Flower Man" The market attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day. Hermann spent about 10 days at the market, and did not allow any challenges to hinder the completion of his project.
Irwin Horwitz sent an email to his entire class at Texas A&M Galveston Campus. He accused them of "backstabbing, game playing, cheating, lying, fighting" The story went viral, and Horwitz was thrust into a spotlight that neither he nor his employer asked for.
Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person. A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "Nao," a customer service robot that answers basic questions.
Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Teammate Nico Rosberg finishes second for Mercedes. Sebastian Vettel claims third straight podium finish for Ferrari. Fernando Alonso finishes 12th for McLaren Honda in his first race for the team.
Richard Dysart played law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law" He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, his wife says. Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor, and stage star.
A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a petition seeking to be named her conservator. Leslie Morris is Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years. Morris says Mitchell is unconscious and "unable to make any responses" On Mitchell's website, a statement says she is alert and comprehending.
Frida Ghitis: President Obama refuses to look with clear eyes at the chief security challenges of the 21st century. Ghitis: Arab Spring policies accommodated the transition of Syria into the world's newest jihad theater. She says Obama and his national security advisers have a dangerous habit of viewing the world as they hope it could be.
E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition. The eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. Jenner recently went public with the fact that he is transgender. Here are a few things we hope the new show will offer.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un was expected to visit Moscow next week to mark 70th anniversary of end of WWII. But Russia announced this week that the trip had been canceled, citing "North Korean domestic affairs" Peter Bergen: Kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position, and nervous dictators prefer to stay home.
Corinthian Colleges Inc. announced Sunday that it would shut down all of its remaining 28 campuses. Ruben Navarrette: This is a positive development in our struggle to hold for-profit colleges accountable. He says we can't afford to continue funding for-profits, which get 86% of their funding from federal student loan money.
Some blame President Obama for racial tension in America as if March on Washington scrubbed away 300 years of inequality. LZ Granderson: It's more convenient to say the violence began when rioters threw bricks at police than when a city's Police Department began terrorizing its residents.
Freddie Gray was arrested April 12 without incident, according to police. Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic. He subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest. The events surrounding Gray's encounter with police remain unclear.
Maickel Melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday. A group of energized fans rallied for the 39-year-old as he walked down Boylston Street in the rain.
Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month. Parent company Geely Automobile, which bought Volvo in 2010, is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand. CEO Håkan Samuelsson said Volvo planned to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015.
Christopher Scarver says Jeffrey Dahmer turned prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood. "He crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff," Scarver is quoted as saying. Dahmer's former prison minister says the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of a visit to Moscow next month, the Kremlin says. The decision is "connected with North Korean domestic affairs," a Kremlin spokesman said. It would have been Kim's first official foreign trip since he took over North Korea's leadership in 2011.
Google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, accidents, stalled cars. Through its "traffic cop" feature, the app can pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. Sheriff's Association: Waze puts lives of officers and deputies at risk.
New book raises questions about conflicts of interest involving big foreign donors to charities run by the Clinton family. Peter Schweizer's book, "Clinton Cash," is coming out May 5. John Avlon says the Clinton Foundation received money from the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Oman.
China's love affair with the car began late, but it may already be souring. China overtook the United States as the world's largest car market in 2009, but sales still lag behind the U.S., where more than 100,000 were sold last year. Some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars as they find it hard to get behind the wheel.
Baltimore police say rioting started amid rumors of a "purge" led by high school students. The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" movies, set in Los Angeles. On one day each year, all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes, including murder, become legal.
Tanka Maya Sitoula, 40, was at home when Nepal's 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck Saturday. She was trapped in a room on the ground floor of her apartment for 36 hours. Remarkably, she escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam. At least 4,500 people have been killed in the disaster, which has hit Nepal.
Miami police have arrested 31 baggage handlers and ramp workers since 2012. John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York topped the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage. A CNN analysis of passenger property loss claims filed with the TSA shows 30,621 claims of missing valuables.
Cecily Strong hosted the White House Correspondents' Association dinner on C-SPAN Saturday night. President Barack Obama was the night's guest speaker. John Avlon: It's hard not to think of this particular Beltway-meets-showbiz event as wonderfully American exercise in tolerance.
Lifetime has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story" It will be a follow-up to its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" TV movie. The news comes after the network's two-hour Bell take fizzled on Labor Day 2014.
"There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic," a witness says. The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions. A 20-kilometer (12-mile) exclusion zone has been established around the crater, and authorities have been keeping residents away.
"Furious 7" is the seventh installment in the "Fast and Furious" franchise. It's the first film in the series to be released in the wake of Paul Walker's death. Critics are praising the film's camaraderie on and off screen.
"Avengers: Age of Ultron" picks up where last year's "Captain America: Winter Soldier" left off. At least two of the big action scenes are lackluster. The climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex, less rote ways.
Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in Guanajuato, in central Mexico. The 14-year-old thought she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.
English actress Michelle Keegan is named the sexiest woman in the world by FHM. The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on "Ordinary Lies" and "Coronation Street" Keegan is followed by Kendall Jenner, Kate Upton, Jennifer Lawrence and Caroline Flack.
Lois Lilienstein was a co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" The Canadian preschool show ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s. Lilienstein died in Toronto on Wednesday from a rare form of cancer.
Andrew Lesnie was Oscar-winning cinematographer on "Lord of the Rings" films. He also worked with director Peter Jackson on "King Kong" and "The Lovely Bones" Lesnie suffered a heart attack Monday. Russell Crowe: "The master of the light, genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on"
Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather, who died in 2012. Randall is the musician's own middle name, as well as his father's first. It is the first baby for both Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel.
Johnny Kemp is best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid" The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday. Kemp was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise. 'NSYNC covered the song in the 2000 album "No Strings Attached"
Koch Industries will remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions. Sally Kohn: 70 million adults have arrest or conviction records that undermine their ability to be considered for jobs. Kohn: It's time for President Obama to lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of people with records.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said marriage was "a dominant and a subordinate relationship" Danny Cevallos:  To argue that the definition of marriage has not changed since then is either willfully ignorant or woefully naïve. He says the Supreme Court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics.
Afghanistan's capital, Kabul, is swollen in size but shrunken in scope, anxiously awaiting what comes next. On Kabul's streets, you can easily find the uneasy legacy of America's longest war. Neighborhoods that were once massively over-priced cliques of foreigners living in "poppy palaces" are now empty. Vast supply chains once kept 120,000 troops fed and watered, now the trucks that once supplied millions sit still.
Tennis legend Andy Murray marries long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane, Scotland. Crowds spill onto the streets of the Scottish town to celebrate the nuptials. Murray donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride wore a vintage-style gown by Jenny Packham.
Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe's "Toy Soldiers" project features soldiers posed as plastic toy soldiers. The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s. Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on "how images of war (will) be consumed in the future"
Percy Sledge died of natural causes in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. His biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music. Sledge was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2005. "I have great respect for that song," he said.
Consumer Reports compared award-seat availability for the five biggest U.S. airlines on domestic routes. Southwest Airlines offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets. JetBlue offered the lowest percentage of seats and the fewest one-way tickets, the magazine says.
Gulnaz was raped by her cousin's husband when she was 16. She was jailed for adultery as her attacker was married, but was pardoned and released by president. Now she is married to her attacker, Asadullah, and has a daughter with his first wife. "We are traditional people. When we get a bad name, we prefer death to living with that name," she says.
Freddie Gray died exactly one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore. An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. Video recorded at the scene shows Gray, with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet.
Etan Patz's 1979 disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. A New York jury is struggling to reach a verdict in the case of Pedro Hernandez, charged with murder. Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers say he made up his account of the crime.
Four rainbows appeared in the early morning sky in New York on Tuesday. Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company, snapped the lucky shot. "It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," she says.
Japan plans to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018. The agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe. JAXA has also put a probe on an asteroid, which returned to Earth in 2010.
Toya Graham says she wasn't worried about being recorded slapping her son. "I wasn't there to be recorded. I was there to get my child," she tells CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360Ú" Video of Graham yanking her son out of a crowd and slapping him has led to the Internet calling her #motheroftheyear.
Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting, the military says. The fighting took place in the eastern city of Agri. About a fifth of Turkey's population is Kurdish, a minority long living under cultural oppression. Last month, Abdullah Ocalan, longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, called from his jail cell for violence to end.
The USS Independence was scuttled in 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. It survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts. Federal researchers surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone.
Malta's prime minister says traffickers are "on the road to death, really, and nothing else" Doctors Without Borders president: "This tragedy is only just beginning, but it can and should be stopped" Migrants on the boat moved to one side as rescuers approached, hoping to be saved, authorities say.
Creflo Dollar responds to critics of his campaign to buy a Gulfstream G650. The Atlanta-area pastor says the devil is trying to discredit him. In March, Dollar asked for $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather face off in the "Fight of the Century" on Saturday night. Danny Cevallos: Mayweather-Pacquiao won't "save" boxing, a sport that has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday. He says boxing is suffering from a combination of catastrophic mismanagement and competition from Mixed Martial Arts.
A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco, state media report. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame, videos show. Most of the dead were children, including athletes traveling for a sporting competition, witnesses say.
Marleni Olivo writes her name and number on a mango and tosses it at Venezuelan president. Nicolas Maduro picks up the fruit and picks it up to show it to the crowd. In return, he says, Olivo will get the apartment she was asking for.
New Attorney General Loretta Lynch will need to create muscular federal response to national unrest over police killings. John Avlon: Too many local departments aren't getting the message about cracking down on police abuse. Lynch has the power to withhold federal funds from local police departments, Avlon says.
Ben Affleck asked PBS to remove any reference to his slave-owning ancestor from "Finding Your Roots" Peggy Drexler: Who would want to be tarnished by the sins of an ancestor you had no connection to? She says PBS did the right thing by removing the information from the show.
Helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, at 4:55 p.m. Saturday. Prime Minister Najib Razak orders an investigation. Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis.
President Barack Obama took part in a roundtable discussion this week on climate change. John Sutter talks with the President about the science behind climate change and public health. Obama: "No challenge poses more of a public threat than climate change" Sutter: "I think this is the last gasp of folks who who think there is no Plan B"
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" They have been jailed since April 2005 for their role in a failed heroin smuggling plot. Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap.
Nick Loeb says he wants to keep two female embryos he shares with Sofia Vergara. Loeb: "A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects" "I wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke to the world," Loeb writes.
CNN affiliate BFMTV is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages by broadcasting their location live. Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing the media outlet. Gunman Amedy Coulibaly stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people and taking others hostage.
Frida Ghitis: U.S. drone strike killed Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto, two aid workers held hostage by Al Qaeda. Ghitis: There is a long history of rogue regimes seizing hostages against the backdrop of diplomacy to extract concessions, humiliate the United States or signal unease.
The Slants, an Asian-American band from Portland, Oregon, sought to protect its name. Danny Cevallos: Patent office said "Slant" was disparaging to Asians, and denied trademark registration. He says the ruling is disturbingly racist, gets the First Amendment wrong and is unprincipled.
The fishing boat was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel. Rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured.
Gunman walks into Wayne Community College campus and shoots a print shop operator, authorities say. Victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee at the school in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Suspected gunman, 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, is described as "armed and dangerous"
An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing. Smugglers offer discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers. A CNN producer secretly filmed a smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laying bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees.
Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, scientists say. Underneath the park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over. An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the USGS says.
Netflix has ordered a "Full House" reunion special and spinoff. The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure as a recently widowed mother. John Stamos will produce and guest star. Talks with other stars are ongoing, Netflix says.
Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai has built a prototype house that uses water to heat and cool a house. Panels of steel and glass are connected by a sheet of water, which acts as a layer of insulation. The house can reheat itself, when its excess heat is stored, to be brought back to the walls when the temperature drops. Gutai is working with factories across Europe on projects using this technology.
U.S. warships are being deployed to monitor ships traveling from Iran that could be trafficking arms to Houthi rebels in Yemen. Pentagon spokesman: "By having American sea power in the region, we have created options for ourselves" President Barack Obama tells MSNBC that the U.S has been clear in its messages to Tehran on sending weapons to Houthis inside Yemen.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday. The city of Aden remains a city not fully in the hands of rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government. There is a sense that three weeks into the operation, the Saudis are making some headway with the strikes.
Jerome R. Hunt, 54, of Hayward, California, climbs the fence on the south side of the White House complex. The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, a Secret Service source says. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, the Secret Service says.
Flight 448, bound for Los Angeles, returned to Seattle. A ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, Alaska Airlines says. He told authorities he had fallen asleep and was taken to a hospital as a precaution. Passenger: "When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and fire trucks surrounded the plane"
Wednesday's game will be closed to the public, the Orioles say. The game is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. ET; it will be televised on MASN regional cable network. Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox were postponed due to unrest in Baltimore.
Wisconsin rallies from a 60-56 deficit to beat Kentucky 71-64 in the Final Four. The Badgers will play Duke in Monday night's title game. Duke beats Michigan State 81-61 in the first contest of the night. "These guys just gutted it out," Wisconsin Head Coach Bo Ryan says.
Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. His opinion goes up against an avalanche of judicial rulings striking down such bans. It provides important insight into the legal arguments that could be made before the court by states seeking to uphold bans.
New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up for an ice cream-inspired beer. The salted caramel brownie ice cream is set to hit shelves in the fall. Both companies have a history of social activism, and the new project will be no different, they say.
Mercury is the planet closest to the sun in our solar system. NASA's MESSENGER spacecraft is about to crash onto Mercury. It will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30. You won't be able to see it hit because Messenger will crash on the side of Mercury facing away from Earth.
Houthi spokesman: Talks should resume "but only after a complete halt of attacks" Houthis release Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa, source says. Five airstrikes target a weapons depot in Taiz province late Wednesday, security officials say. In Mukalla, two U.S. drone strikes kill six suspected militants.
Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners "should pack their bags and go," local media reported. Shortly after his comments, violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of Durban. This is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that tries to portray itself as diverse.
ISIS's beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the terror group and attracted foreign recruits. Psychology professor Arie W. Kruglanski says the spate of jihadist killings may be encouraging copy-cat acts or threats of decapitation. "The concept of beheading, that was virtually non-existent in our unconscious prior to these events, is now there," he says.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says. A source with knowledge of her condition says she remains in the same neurological state she's been in for nearly three months. The 22-year-old does not respond to visitors or familiar voices, the source says.
James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring or maiming 70 others in a 2012 shooting. He says he was insane at the time of the shootings, and that is his legal defense and court plea. Opening statements in his trial are scheduled to begin Monday.
A U.S. soldier is killed in an attack in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, a defense official says. An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, police say. The incident occurred shortly after an American official met with a provincial governor, an embassy representative says.
A white police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, was charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back. LZ Granderson: Most police fatal shootings do not result in indictments because prosecutors conclude they are justifiable. Granderson: The arrest and charging of Officer Michael Slager is a rare event that must be celebrated.
More than 10,000 people have arrived from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian Coast Guard. Sicily is the "promised land" for migrants and refugees making the desperate journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast. When Moammar Gadhafi was in control, he also controlled the flow of migrant ships. Italy launched a ¬9M-a-month search-and-rescue program called Mare Nostrum, in which naval ships patrolled the seas to rescue migrants.
Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole was attacked in Johannesburg's Alexandra Township. Photographer James Oatway captured the attack on his camera. Oatway: "They wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that" Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against immigrants.
Freddie Gray was arrested by police in Baltimore on April 12 and died a week later. Danny Cevallos: The case raises at least three legal issues, including the legality of the knife he was carrying. He says the charging document in this case gives us more information than the now-viral video of the arrest.
Al-Shabaab, an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia, took responsibility for the attack, U.S. Embassy says. Kenya's Interior Ministry says Mohamed Mohamud, also known as Gamadhere, is the mastermind of the attack. Mohamud is "credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya," the ministry says.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East. The country's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets. But Iran's leadership is showing no sign of toning down its own fiery rhetoric.
Baltimore City Councilman: "Of course it's not the right word, to call our children 'thugs' The Rev. Jamal Bryant: "These are not thugs, these are upset and frustrated children" Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: "When you speak out of frustration and anger, one can say things in a way that you don't mean"
Dr. Sanjay Gupta: Dr. Mehmet Oz surfed wave of criticism to shore with masterful performance. Gupta: Oz may have actually boosted his media empire, but he's serving himself at cost to Columbia University and New York Presbyterian Hospital. Oz routed critics by quickly pivoting to the undercurrents of their letter, Gupta says.
Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi is a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba. He was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks. Lakhvi still faces trial in the case, but an anti-terrorism court granted him bail last year.
Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity when a deputy U.S. marshal grabbed her phone. The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. Paez filed a complaint with police in South Gate, California, but the police don't have authority over marshals.
Novak Djokovic wins Monte Carlo Masters title. Beats Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in rain-interrupted final. Second Monte Carlo title for Serbian world number one. Djokovic extends his winning streak to 17 matches.
Suzanne Crough played Tracy on "The Partridge family" sitcom. Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "Partridge Family" band. Crough also starred in "Mulligan's Stew" and had spots on other series in the '70s.
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won election as president of Nigeria on an anti-corruption platform. Buhari is a former military leader who once ran the country in the early 1980s along dictatorial lines. He was removed in a coup and left office with the rare distinction of not having made very much money from it.
Draft script of "The Breakfast Club" found in school district where it was filmed. District superintendent: "It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes" Molly Ringwald's character's character was originally to be named Cathy Douglas. "The odds of having such an iconic movie filmed and associated with your district are astronomical"
Mohamed Badie and 13 others are sentenced to death by hanging. They were arrested in a crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy. One of those sentenced to life in prison is U.S.-Egyptian activist Mohamad Soltan, who has been on a hunger strike.
Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups. Julian Zelizer: The wage gap is grossly overstated and doesn't account for many other factors. He says the "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears.
Roxanne Jones: Major League Baseball had a problem on its hands as Baltimore reacted to Freddie Gray's death. She says the riots of Baltimore and the peaceful marches of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball. Jones: Baseball's sense of nostalgia does not sit well with African Americans, whose memories of the old days are anything but good.
"Monty Python and the Holy Grail" premiered 40 years ago Thursday. The movie, a spoof of the Arthurian legend, was a box-office hit, making $5 million -- more than 10 times its budget. "Holy Grail" is probably the loosest and most Python-esque of the Python oeuvre. But as a repository for some of Python's best gags, it remains perhaps the best of the bunch.
Memphis Grizzlies small forward Jeff Green had open heart surgery after a routine physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm. Green missed the entire 2011-2012 NBA season. "I feel like the year I missed really added more life into what I'm doing," he said.
LZ Granderson: Police-involved killings and assaults on unarmed African-Americans are unlikely to end soon. Granderson: We are losing the confidence of a generation of young people who don't believe in the legitimacy of law enforcement. He says there must be zero tolerance for racism, brutality and corruption in police departments.
Journalist Gao Yu is convicted for revealing state secrets and sentenced to seven years in prison. Gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping told CNN Friday. The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential document to an overseas news organization.
160 people have been rushed to New York hospitals in nine days for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. "Spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals. Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity, from confusion, drowsiness and headaches.
Amy Schumer took a fake tumble on the red carpet at the TIME 100 gala. The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and onlookers. It came the same night the third season of "Inside Amy Schumer" premiered. Schumer: "It was the best"
Hillary Clinton announced her candidacy for president on Sunday. Social media responded in a big way, with terms like "Hillary 2016" and "WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending. There were over 3 million views of her tweets in one hour, and 750,000 Facebook video views so far by Sunday evening.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer says. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden. Swedish prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another.
Chinese nuclear experts say North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads, according to a report. Peter Bergen: This number is not significantly larger than conventional estimates of 10 to 15 warheads. North Korea could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium, he says.
New microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need them. It's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of Jonas Salk's vaccine began with school children in the U.S. Polio was declared eradicated in the United States in 1979.
Near-sightedness, or myopia, means nearby objects appear clearly, but those farther away look blurry. Rates of myopia have doubled, even tripled, in most of East Asia over the last 40 years, researchers say. Researchers say reducing risk is easy, free and readily-available: Get some sunlight.
Tuesday, April 14, is Equal Pay Day. Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton should announce she'll take a 23% pay cut if elected president. Closing the gender wage gap would pull half of working single moms out of poverty, he says. Zelizer: Such stunts are effective, especially in our increasingly short-attention-only culture.
TSA screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men, police say. The TSA says it has been trying to identify the passenger in the February incident but to no avail. No criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim, TSA says.
A federal judge is reviewing revised NYPD training materials for cadets. They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" and "not imitate the speech patterns" of others. The training notes are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the NYPD's "Stop, Question and Frisk" unconstitutional.
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei says he's neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it isn't final. Rouhani says Iran will sign a final deal only if sanctions are removed on the first day of implementation. Six world powers and Iran reached a preliminary deal last week that aims to limit Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting sanctions.
"Just Allah knows if we will survive this," says Falih Essawi, who is on the front line in Ramadi. "This is what we warned Baghdad of what's going to happen," he says. At least 150,000 people have already fled Ramadi since Wednesday morning, an official says.
Muna Mansour's family is among the dozens of Americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in Yemen. The U.S. has said it is too dangerous for them to directly evacuate American nationals from the area. CNN chartered a ship to take 60 refugees, including 15 Americans, back to the port city of Aden.
A postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds on Wednesday. The FAA classifies the aircraft as a gyrocopter, which is classified by the FAA as an ultralight aircraft. A facility tracking the movement of this particular aircraft on radar would witness a speed probably attainable by the average Canadian goose.
A new study suggests Mars could have salty water puddles at night. The study was based on a year of monitoring by the Mars Curiosity rover in Gale Crater. Researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night.
China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week. Car manufacturers are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers. Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States. But the country's auto market is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015.
Thailand has lifted martial law, replacing it with a controversial new security order. Critics have expressed alarm at the move, saying it marked the country's "deepening descent into dictatorship" The new order grants military personnel powers to issue summons and arrest those who commit crimes against the royal family or against national stability.
David Letterman's final "Late Show" will air on May 20. Oprah Winfrey, George Clooney, Jerry Seinfeld, Tina Fey and Ray Romano are among the guests. Letterman has been a late-night host for 33 years. Stephen Colbert will take over the show in September.
Cell phone video shows men throwing punches and chairs into crowds of people. Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene. The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York.
The Mary Harvin Transformation Center was being built in a blighted East Baltimore neighborhood. "Baltimore is a tinderbox. We have a lot of anger as a result of unemployment," Rev. Walden Wilson II says. The center was to provide services for people with HIV and AIDS and ex-offenders.
Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of "restoring the legitimate government" Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government," writes Fawaz Gerges. The Saudi goal is simple: Prevent the rise of any popularly supported government in the region that seeks self-determination, Gerges says.
Hundreds of migrants died when a boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea on Saturday. The boat's captain and a crew member have been arrested on suspicion of "reckless shipwreck" The number of migrants who have fled to find refuge in Europe has skyrocketed 70% this year, Save the Children says.
Helicopters bring stranded climbers off the mountain amid growing concern for groups stuck in Camps 1 and 2. The climbers can't descend because the dangerous Khumbu Icefall has been ravaged by a series of aftershocks. At least 17 people have been killed, with dozens injured and several missing.
District attorney: "The fact that he was a professional athlete meant nothing in the end" Aaron Hernandez is sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. He was convicted of first-degree murder in the 2013 killing of Odin Lloyd, a former semi-pro football player. "They got it wrong," Hernandez says as he is led from the courthouse.
"They actually spit on me and my service dog as well," wounded veteran says. Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members urinated off balconies, threw up in elevators, made sexual comments, veterans' group organizer says. University of Florida and Emory University are investigating, have apologized to veterans.
With a full-time job, a hectic commute and a notorious Chicago winter, Kelly Wallace struggled to get all of her training done. "Partner up," the founder of Women Run the World's local women's fitness groups, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. When times get tough, partner up!
NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The probe is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles. It will make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14. Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States.
On April 12, 1945, the Chicago Daily News reported that President Franklin D. Roosevelt had died. Bob Greene was a copy girl at the paper's city desk when the news broke. He recalls the shock of the news and the scramble to get the story across the wire.
Frida Ghitis: ISIS and Boko Haram have a special hell reserved for women who fall into their clutches. Ghitis: Their treatment of their female victims plays an important part in their ambitious radical strategy. She says women are indispensable for establishing a functioning community, even one whose laws are brutally repressive.
Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands. The pesticide is banned from indoor use, and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide. Governor says his condo complex was fumigated with it in 2013, without his knowledge.
The Altamura Man is the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993, when spelunkers spied his skull. His intact skull and bones were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules.
ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power, says Frida Ghitis. Ghitis: ISIS presents itself as a global organization, but it has thrived because of a local cause. She says the key is not what happens on the ground, but on airwaves and in bits and bytes of the Internet.
"We are waiting for him. We're very happy he is coming," a Cuban-American says. The Vatican says the Pope will stop in Cuba before his planned U.S. stops in late September. Francis helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between Cuba and the United States.
Julian Zelizer: Hillary Clinton is now officially a candidate for president, and the never-ending Clinton story rumbles on. Zelizer: She is by far the best-known presidential candidate across both parties and, for the moment, almost unchallenged.
The epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants will air in 2016. LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kunta Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce. The new version will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots"
LZ Granderson: We did it again, in another American city. We brutalized black bodies. We turned a funeral into a riot. We let things get out of hand. Granderson: The word "we" is one of the great American words: We the People. Yes we can. We are family. He says we need to push out of our ideological comfort zones and build unlikely coalitions to create more opportunity.
In July of 2013, Turkish archaeologists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of Jesus' cross. Archaeologist Gülgün Körolu said the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person's relics -- ones connected to Jesus' crucifixion. The latest episode of the "true cross" phenomenon is symbolic of the pitfalls in the hunt for Jesus relics.
Underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. The current priority search zone is expected to be completed in May. Malaysia, Australia and China say the search will stretch into a new equally vast area. Flight 370 vanished more than a year ago with 239 people on board.
Businesses in Baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city. Charmington's cafe closed on Tuesday so staff could spend the day in the community. John Duda's restaurant and bookstore stayed open to provide free meals to students and the most vulnerable. Trevira London's boutique was ransacked and her windows smashed during Monday's riot.
DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls. The initiative will feature familiar superheroes and supervillains as "relatable teens" It's aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content, toys, books and TV specials.
Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, it's time to ask ourselves: What have we learned? The BP oil spill's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer. We have a simple choice: Do we continue to make the same mistakes with a "business as usual" approach, or do we change the way we manage and use the resources?
Ben Affleck said he didn't want PBS show about his family to include ancestor who owned slaves. Frida Ghitis: Henry Louis Gates missed an opportunity to provide a window into the importance of slavery's past to America's present. Ghitis: If you're going to run with megastars, you need to have megaethics.
Walter Scott was stopped for a broken taillight in North Charleston, South Carolina. Officer Michael Slager shot him in the back multiple times, and he was arrested on murder charges. John Bare: Slager's police force is 80% white, with a population of 47% black and 37% white.
Hillary Clinton's new campaign video features women working in their gardens, taking care of their kids and getting ready for life in the working world. Clinton often says there's no better time in history to be born female than the present. The challenge for Clinton in breaking the "highest, hardest glass ceiling" is laying out a precise campaign vision.
Ibrahim al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. at Guantanamo Bay. He was released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists. The United States has been active in Yemen, working with governments there to go after AQAP leaders.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she wants to see a 2016 presidential candidate who fights for the middle class. Warren says she feels that Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation. She wouldn't say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that description.
LZ Granderson was a cop in Baltimore, a city at its worst after the death of Freddie Gray in police hands. He says it's too easy to blame police for all our problems, but they are part of the solution. Granderson: The problems in policing mirror the problems of society as a whole.
Jurors will be asked to consider evidence that appears to show James Holmes planned his attack. Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty in the trial that could last months. Jury selection began in January, and after a four-month process, 12 jurors and alternates were selected.
SpaceX will try to land a rocket on a platform floating in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida. The company says the odds of a successful landing are about 50%. Tuesday is the next opportunity for SpaceX to try the landing. SpaceX is trying to cut costs by "reusing rockets just like airplanes," founder says.
CNN crew travels from Djibouti to Aden, Yemen, ferrying refugees fleeing fighting. They are met by chaos and desperation as they try to reach the Yemeni port of Aden. Some of the refugees take over the ship's galley and cook food for the crew.
The U.S. State Department says it has no plans to evacuate private citizens from Yemen. Yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months. Jamal al-Labani, 45, is believed to be the first American killed in the current violence in Yemen.
Supreme Court will hear arguments on same-sex marriage on Tuesday. Danny Cevallos: Public opinion on the issue has turned upside down since Massachusetts legalized it in 2003. He says the court has always been more about the intentions of the framers than the text of the Constitution.
Syria's Hala Jamil Al Qassemi says he would have done anything to get to Europe. He says he was forced to leave his job in Dubai and return to Syria after losing his job. The Syrian says he paid a smuggler $6,500 to take him across the Mediterranean to Italy by boat. Alqassemi: "I would do it again tomorrow if I could -- another journey through sea where no one is bigger than nature"
Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugs off questions about the impact of sanctions on his nation. "Sanctions are sanctions," he says. "As far as sanctions are concerned... they're about the need to constrain our development" Putin's annual Q&A session is a chance for ordinary Russians to question their leader.
Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, the elderly and others. The listeria outbreak that prompted Blue Bell Creameries to recall their entire product line dates to 2010, the CDC says. Consumers are urged not to eat any Blue Bell brand products.
A group of doctors accuse Dr. Mehmet Oz of "manifesting an egregious lack of integrity" in his TV and promotional work. They call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable. "I will address this on the show next week," Oz says in a statement.
A Lamborghini sports car crashes into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway. A passenger is pronounced dead at the scene, the Florida Highway Patrol says. The driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, is hospitalized with minor injuries.
Twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee and let go of their stroller, police say. Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons along a canal in Yuma, Arizona, when she tried to repel a bee. Police: The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat.
Tornadoes touch down near Fort Worth, Texas, but no deaths have been reported. The National Weather Service warns of a "large, damaging tornado" in Rio Vista and Grandview. Residents reported hail the size of softballs and flipped 18-wheelers. There are reports of damage, including many roofs ripped off.
A Beijing-backed election proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee. Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized over what kind of political system it should have as a Special Administrative Region of China.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls the executions "cruel and unnecessary" Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were among eight drug smugglers executed by firing squad. Indonesia's president says "our legal sovereignty must be respected" Australia recalls its ambassador to Indonesia for consultations after the executions.
Toya Graham, a single mom in Baltimore, was hailed as a hero for pulling her son from a riot scene. Peggy Drexler: Wasn't she also promoting violence? Her own reaction, after all, was to yell, curse and hit. She says Graham is a woman who is just like millions of other mothers of adolescents.
Iranian foreign minister: "We have serious differences with the United States" "It is a good deal, a deal that meets our core objectives," President Barack Obama says. Iranian state television broadcasts Obama's speech live, something many Iranians say is unprecedented. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: "People negotiated hard. It was tough"
This is week two of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. This week covers the Book of Genesis, chapters 1-11. To fully process Scripture, I need to slow down and read the footnotes, says John Sutter. "To err is human but to forgive is divine," says Pope Francis.
North Korean defector Lee Min-bok is sending copies of "The Interview" across the border to North Korea. He is determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen. Lee doesn't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets. After Pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons recently, they are monitoring launches very closely.
A second person is charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, police say. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries," Australia's Federal Police say.
A suicide bomber detonates his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan. An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost is among the 64 people wounded. No other organization has so far claimed responsibility for the attack. Humayoon Humayoon, an Afghan member of parliament for Khost province, was among the protesters.
Self-taught photographer Conor McDonnell is behind Instagram's most liked photo. His photo of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West kissing at their wedding has been liked more than 2.4 million times. The 23-year-old has amassed over 25,000 followers on his Instagram account. He shares his top tips for growing your Instagram fan base with CNN Ones to Watch.
Officer Michael Rapiejko told investigators he thought he was too far away to shoot at the suspect. Marana, Arizona, police say deadly force was warranted because the suspect had a rifle, ammunition. Mario Valencia survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree.
The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. It is scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana. Scientists hope it will be able to tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago -- about 700-800 million years after the Big Bang.
Czech politician Vit Jedlicka declares the Free Republic of Liberland, the world's newest micronation. The tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia. Jedlicka says 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received, about 20 of which have been accepted.
On April 9, 1865, Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee dramatically surrendered his troops to Union General Ulysses S. Grant at Appomattox Courthouse in Virginia. Over 600,000 Americans -- Northerners and Southerners alike -- had perished in the bloody Civil War.
The term "transgender" fully entered mainstream consciousness in June. "Transparent," about an aging father who begins living as a woman, won two Golden Globes. Laverne Cox of "Orange is the New Black" was just cast in a new CBS drama. Bruce Jenner ended months of speculation in an interview with Diane Sawyer.
Jonty Hurwitz is an entrepreneur-turned-artist. His "Nano-sculptures" are made from a mysterious resin -- "a big scientific secret" Hurwitz: "I love the buzz when I launch a piece on the Internet and on Google Analytics"
Nearly 10,000 migrants have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend, according to the Italian Coast Guard. The group, which included 31 women, was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians. "I was taking a big risk. Either I enter Europe or I die," says one man from Gambia.
Iceman, aka Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men, is revealed to be gay in a new issue. The character's outing happens in an unusual manner. "This is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told," Brian Michael Bendis says.
Sally Kohn: I see signs of a medical marijuana revolution everywhere. Kohn: For the first time a majority, 53%, favor its legalization, with 77% supporting it for medical purposes. Support for legalization has risen 11 points in the past few years alone, Kohn says. In "Weed 3," Kohn will ride along with us for the dawn of the first federally approved clinical study.
Fireball is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in America. Retail sales more than doubled last year, and it's the sixth-most popular liquor brand in the U.S. It's made from Canadian whisky, aged in used bourbon barrels, flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon.
A 3-year-old girl's body was found at a Las Vegas-area hospital, police say. Her sister, also a mother, was arrested on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm. Police are searching for the girl's parents, who may be in California with five other children. The 4-month-old infant was last reported to be hospitalized in critical condition.
Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino in the wild. He lives at Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya with two female companions, Fatu and Najin. Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct. The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards.
The death toll rises to 3,218, a government spokesman says. India reports 56 deaths, and China reports 20. Nepal is still in survival mode after a series of aftershocks following the huge initial quake on Saturday. The odds of saving the living decrease as the crucial first 72 hours tick by.
Amnesty International says police are not above the law and must not be treated like they are. The incident took place early Tuesday in southeastern India's Andhra Pradesh state. Police claim self-defense, saying the suspects attacked them with stone and axes. Amnesty says the incident "involved a serious violation of human rights"
Jury deliberations are set to begin Tuesday in the trial of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. He faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 Boston Marathon. The defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case Monday.
John Moynihan, a former U.S. Army Ranger, was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing. Last month, he became a gunshot victim when he and other officers in unmarked cars stopped a car driven by Angelo West. Video shows West fired a shot with a pistol at the officer's face, then returned fire at the officers.
Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence. Video shows him announcing he's going to deploy his Taser but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back. Harris' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality. Bates' attorney calls the shooting an "excusable homicide"
15 people are arrested on suspicion of murdering 12 Christians at sea, police say. The group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. Police: Muslims from Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal threw the 12 overboard because they were Christians. Thousands of people make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast each year.
Marana, Arizona, police chief says deadly force was used when an officer ran into an armed suspect. The suspect, Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged. "The fact of the matter remains... that it's luck that he is still alive," Chief Terry Rozema says.
A 2-year-old boy dies after being hit by a van at a birthday party in Milwaukee. His older brother and the van's driver are also killed by bullets fired by the same man, police say. The suspect, Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, kills himself in a Chicago-area hotel, police chief says.
Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. He was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged he was handcuffed and choked during a 2005 arrest. No charges have been brought against the officer for the February incident in Marana, Arizona.
EU ministers propose 10-point plan to address the crisis. Maltese PM: Gangs of criminals are "putting people on a boat, sometimes even at gunpoint" A rescue operation is still underway for people who were on a ship that capsized off the coast of Italy.
Tulsa County Reserve Deputy Robert Bates, 73, "inadvertently" shot Eric Courtney Harris, an investigator says. Suspect ran from authorities after trying to sell an illegal handgun during an undercover sting, police say. Reserve Deputy Bates was a victim of "slip and capture," Sgt. Jim Clark says.
The shootings in Ferguson and North Charleston bear only mild resemblance. The main difference is that the officer was white and the victim was black and unarmed. Here are some of the stark differences in the cases, the lessons learned by both police and the public, and concrete changes.
Mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead. Residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs. Charity: 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence.
Freddie Gray's death has inflamed tensions across the country. He's not the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody. Vineland, New Jersey, police say White tried to grab their gun, but witnesses say he was assaulted. Sheriff's deputies in New Iberia, Louisiana, say White shot and killed himself in squad car.
Ebony Dickens, 33, of East Point, Georgia, threatened to shoot every white cop she saw in a Facebook post, police say. "I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," she wrote. She was arrested after a search of her home turned up a firearm and computers, authorities say.
SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat in November 1942. The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface. It went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it. At today's rates, the silver would be worth about $50 million.
The jury includes 19 women and five men. James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in a Colorado movie theater shooting in 2012. He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder. Opening statements are scheduled for April 27.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Most of the 16,500 tickets for the highly-anticipated fight have sold out. Some ringside seats are being offered for as much as $180,000 on resale websites. The most expensive seat on sale is $128,705 but has since skyrocketed.
Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. If convicted, Slager faces up to life in prison or the death penalty. Slager was charged after cell phone video emerged, showing him firing at Scott as the man ran away.
Virginia appeals court says Robert Boardwine is entitled to be a part of his son's life. Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She wanted to be the boy's sole parent, but Boardwine says he's the biological father.
Jurors sent out two questions, which will be addressed when they return to court Wednesday. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted. He is accused of 30 counts, including setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event.
Police release names of six officers involved in arrest of Freddie Gray. Mayor: "Mr. Gray's family deserves justice, and our community deserves an opportunity to heal" "We will hold people accountable if we find there was wrongdoing," Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake says. Gray died of a spinal injury Sunday, exactly one week after he was arrested.
Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her students and asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew..." Many of the students she teaches at Doull Elementary just wish they had something in common with her. Sometimes, their wishes bring tears to her eyes, and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives.
Officer Michael Slager is charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott. A video shows Slager firing eight shots at the 50-year-old man, striking him five times. "I have watched the video, and I was sickened by what I saw," the police chief says. Protesters interrupted a news conference, calling for the mayor to step down.
University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million arena for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. An Omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. The tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open.
A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi. That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences. The train broke its own record from last Thursday, when it ran at 590 kilometers (366 miles) on a test track.
Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win the FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas. It is the French pair's second consecutive Reem Acra title in the prestigious event. Dujardin says she is "living the dream" as she cements her status as a dressage legend. Steve Guerdat and Paille narrowly avoid time fault that would have denied them win.
Showjumping and dressage World Cup Finals taking place in Las Vegas this week. More than 80,000 fans expected at Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the Strip. Elvis Presley, Steffi Graf and John Wayne Wayne will present trophies. Germany's Daniel Deusser is defending World Cup champion and new world No. 1 in showjumping.
Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Ronen Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal. Ziv says his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section. Hospitals in Nepal have been flooded with injured quake victims.
Rep. Joe Crowley: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has chance to do right by "comfort women" More than 200,000 women were kidnapped and sexually enslaved by the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. Crowley: Abe has an opportunity to issue an unequivocal and irrefutable apology.
Chad Bernstein's Guitars Over Guns program pairs middle-school students with professional musicians. The program operates in two of Miami's poorest communities, North Miami and Allapattah. Bernstein: Music is the most important tool we have in reaching these kids. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015.
Anuradha Koirala and Pushpa Basnet are among the earthquake survivors in Kathmandu, Nepal. Koirala rescues victims of sex trafficking; Basnet cares for children whose parents are incarcerated. CNN Heroes Jake Wood, Laura Stachel and Arlene Samen are assisting in relief efforts.
Jody Farley-Berens started Singleton Moms to help single parents with cancer. The organization provides practical, financial and emotional support to more than 300 parents. Do you know a hero? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015. For more CNN Heroes, check out our Heroes 2015 coverage.
Frida Ghitis: NPR report says Baltimore unrest revealed tension between blacks and Asians. Ghitis: This persistent myth is a misleading, hyperbolic distraction that shifts blame away from the real issues. She says for decades, black and Asian advocacy groups have been trying to bridge differences between communities.
Jordan Spieth tells CNN's Don Riddell that he misses his autistic sister Ellie. The 21-year-old is the second-youngest winner of the Masters after Tiger Woods in 1997. He equaled Woods' 1997 winning score of 18 under par to become the tournament's second youngest ever winner. Spieth says he will bring his sister back a present from Augusta National to give to her as a present.
Louis Jordan, 37, took his sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days. He broke his shoulder when the boat capsized and couldn't repair the mast. Jordan drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed. "I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me," he says.
In 2003, less than 30% of religiously affiliated Americans supported same-sex marriage. By 2014, that number had climbed to 47%, according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute. "There are now big, mainstream groups on both sides of the debate," PRRI CEO says.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state's history. John Defterios: California is leading the way in recognizing that population and economic growth has to respect the physical limits imposed by planet Earth. He says we can't strongly blame climate change for the specific event happening right now.
In the U.S., almost 42 million adults have been married more than once. Marriage is correlated with economic well-being, though it's not clear whether the causality arrow goes from marriage toward economic benefit or in the other direction. The millennials I talked with prefer their partners to be debt-free and riding high. They also don't want to burden a husband or wife with their own debt.
Anthony Sideri was 25 when he robbed a bank after shooting up heroin all day. Sideri: "I knew that my whole world was over, and I thought I was going to die because I never had been so sick" He spent a year in court-ordered rehab and 22 months in jail. "Jail was the catapult for me," he says.
As many as 1,600 people have died in the Mediterranean in the past 10 days. The migrant crisis has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily. Increasingly, some Italians are losing their patience with the migrants. "This problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand," Catania's mayor says.
NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday afternoon. The spacecraft was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel. It was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling Mercury on March 18, 2011. Scientists say they'll be busy for years studying data from the probe.
"There is more seismic activity... and we think there will be more activity today," geologist says. Calbuco has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches (60 centimeters) In Ensenada, houses, trees and even sheep are blanketed gray with ash, CNN's Shasta Darlington reports.
Erica Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. "This stunt was expected," Jameis Winston's attorney says. Kinsman has said Winston raped her in December 2012. A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa, Italy's southernmost territory. In recent years, it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East. Many migrants have been beaten and robbed of their possessions before they try to cross the Mediterranean.
North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has executed about 15 senior officials this year, a lawmaker says. South Korean intelligence agents gave the information to the lawmaker, Shin Kyung-min said. Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses, the lawmaker said.
Taylor Swift reveals her mother, Andrea Swift, has cancer. The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of her mom's condition. #PrayForMamaSwift was a trending hashtag Thursday on Twitter, where Swift's legions of fans offered prayers.
At least two people are detained for disorderly conduct and destruction of property, police say. Protesters rally at City Hall and march to a police station, some surrounded a police car. "The police have a lot of questions that need to be answered," an attorney for the Gray family says.
Bikram Choudhury says he feels sorry for his accusers, says they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie. "Women like me. Women love me," he says. "So if I really wanted to involve the women, I don't have to assault the women" He says he's guided by a deep calling to help others.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping to meet in Beijing next month. Modi's India is out to put its economy on the fast track, while China's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth. It's been predicted that India could outpace China as the world's fastest growing economy as soon as this year. But not so fast, says China watcher and India Today correspondent Ananth Krishnan.
The U.S. military says it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. In February, the "smart bullets" passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date. "Smart bullets" are.50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors.
Sarah Brady died of pneumonia, her family says. She and her husband, James Brady, pushed for stricter gun control laws. James Brady was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. during his attempt to assassinate Ronald Reagan in 1981. Sarah Brady was chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.
Kenya gives U.N. three months to relocate refugees from Dadaab camp or "we shall relocate them ourselves" "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," Deputy President William Ruto says. Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people.
Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska. "We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," one activist tweets. Greenpeace is furious over a decision last week by U.S. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases to drill.
Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television. It is direct access to the Russian leader, or at least as direct as most Russians will ever get. Sanctions and Russia's deep economic crisis are set to be a major a theme.
Official: Saudi airstrikes wipe out about a fifth of southern separatists' armored vehicles. Schoolchildren were heading to lunch break when the attacks took place, officials say. The fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks. Civilians caught in the crossfire are trying to flee the violence, both locals and foreigners.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri was a former top deputy to Saddam Hussein and a key figure in Sunni extremist groups. He was the highest-ranking member of Hussein's regime to evade capture, according to U.S. officials. The former top official is thought to have led the post-Hussein Sunni extremist group Naqshbandi Army, which supports ISIS.
Solar Impulse 2 is attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel. The experimental plane has been grounded in China due to bad weather. Pilots Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg say their mission is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy. "You can believe that your will can influence the weather," says Piccard.
ISIS documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate. Official documents relate to matters such as vaccination schedules, fishing methods and rent disputes. ISIS sees itself as a government operating under a rule of law, even if the group is most often talked about for its barbaric punishment of anyone who resists.
Five Chinese feminists are released on bail a day after their detention. The five activists on women's rights were picked up by police in three different cities just before International Women's Day. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation, including from the United States.
Paul Nungesser was cleared of responsibility in Emma Sulkowicz's 2013 rape claim. Sulkowicz carried a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the case. She said she hoped to show how "flawed" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases.
President Obama and Cuban leader Raul Castro shake hands at Summit of the Americas. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night. Seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him. The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect in Baltimore.
Nepal is still recovering from two major earthquakes and a mudslide. There is something you can do to make an impact in Nepal. We vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts. The Salvation Army, ActionAid USA and CARE are among them.
SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweets: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station" He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station.
Supreme Court justices appeared divided during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage. Justice Anthony Kennedy returned to a familiar role as the court's pivotal vote. Chief Justice John Roberts seemed to lean more closely to conservative justices. The arguments unfurled inside a packed courtroom on Tuesday while supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside.
It's unclear how Freddie Gray suffered a spinal cord injury that led to his death. He "gave up without the use of force," a deputy police commissioner says. Six officers have been suspended in the wake of Gray's death; their names were released last week.
U.N. appeals for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. Militants have attacked relentlessly for six years, sending 192,000 seeking shelter in Cameroon, Niger and Chad.
Floyd Dent, 57, was arrested in January after a traffic stop in Inkster, Michigan. The officer who arrested him, William Melendez, was charged with assault and mistreatment of a prisoner. On Wednesday, all charges against Dent were dropped, clearing him of all wrongdoing.
U.S. officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding submarine forces. Concern that China could match U.S underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged development of an unmanned drone ship. The Anti-Submarine Warfare Continuous Trail Vessel (ACTUV) would be able to operate remotely controlled or piloted vessels.
Guenter Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, his publisher says. Grass won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1999 for his novel "The Tin Drum" He has drawn controversy in the last decade for his outspoken public statements and poetry.
Feidin Santana says he was told by another officer to stop using his phone to record the incident. Santana says he saw Officer Michael Slager on top of Walter Scott, who was on the ground. "Mr. Scott never tried to fight," Santana tells CNN.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon: "It is clear that very many lives have been lost" Dozens of bodies are pulled from the collapsed Dharahara tower, a CNN reporter says. The death toll is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed.
Japanese police say Yuhei Takashima, 64, paid for sex with more than 12,000 women in the Philippines. Some of the women were as young as 14 years old, police say. Takashima says he began paying for sex in 1988 when he went to work at a Japanese school in Manila.
65 cases of Pappy Van Winkle bourbon were reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in 2013. A grand jury indicted nine people on Tuesday for allegedly trafficking the rare bourbon. The alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a loading dock worker at Buffalo Trace Distillery.
Police estimate that 275,000 demonstrators march in Sao Paulo. Protesters chant "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change" It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. President Dilma Rousseff won re-election with 50% of the votes in October, but her approval rating is 13%.
Freddie Gray was not buckled into a seat belt while being transported in a police van, police say. Police Commissioner Anthony Batts says there are no excuses for the fact he wasn't buckled in. Anger over the incident and the police response to it continues to grow ahead of a major rally.
CyArk is a non-profit company that uses laser scanning to preserve threatened ancient and historical structures. Ben Kacyra, an Iraqi-born engineer, founded CyArk after the Taliban destroyed 1700 years of history with dynamite in Afghanistan. CyArk uses a powerful, eye-safe laser device based on a technology called Lidar. Lidar maps a physical area much like a radar, but using lasers instead of radio waves.
The U.N.'s Sustainable Development Solutions Network releases its third World Happiness Report on April 23. Switzerland took the top spot from Denmark in 2015, rising from third to first place this year. Iceland jumped from ninth to second place in the report, and is now the third happiest country on Earth.
President Barack Obama and Cuban leader Raul Castro meet for the first time in more than 50 years. Obama says the meeting could be a "turning point" in his push to defrost ties with Cuba. But he says he hasn't yet decided whether to remove Cuba's designation as a state sponsor of terror. "We might disagree on something today on which we could agree tomorrow," Castro says.
The number of migrant deaths in the Mediterranean has increased by a factor of 30 compared to last year. Almost all the deaths have occurred in the perilous central Mediterranean crossing from Libya to Italy. EU critics have called for tougher action to deter asylum seekers from making the risky journey. Could Australia's current policy be used as a global solution, or at least one for asylum seekers?
Edwin Sabuhoro was a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla. He decided to quit his job to help poachers make a living -- a plan that didn't include killing wildlife. Sabuhoro took all of his savings and divided it to poachers to rent land, buy seeds and start farming.
The Ethiopian government confirms 30 of its citizens were among the two groups. The al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black. In February, ISIS released a video of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt being executed on a Libyan beach.
Ernst Haas was one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers. Haas was a member of the Magnum Photos cooperative. He was a regular on movie sets in the '50s and '60s. A new book of Haas' movie photography has been published. The images show Haas' eye for the unusual and his talent and style.
Record Store Day is Saturday, an annual celebration of your neighborhood record store. Many stores will host live performances, drawings, book signings, special sales of rare or autographed vinyl. To diehard customers, these places are more than mere stores: They're cultural institutions.
Mohamed Morsy was convicted on charges of violence and inciting violence. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace. But he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. Morsy's party calls the trial a "travesty of justice"
In Neolithic times, trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines. The implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature -- obsidian. Obsidian -- a volcanic glass -- can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels. Even today, a small number of surgeons are using an ancient technology to make fine incisions that they say heal with minimal scarring.
There's a "persecuted narrative" about Christians, U.S. Rep. Delaney says. An Italian prosecutor says al Qaeda-linked Pakistanis talked about attacking the Vatican in 2010. Sid Ahmed Ghlam's arrest in Paris is "a reminder about the world we're in right now," Delaney adds.
The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob in August 2013. It was one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that August. Two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds (about $1,300)
Robert Bates is accused of fatally shooting Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation. He says he meant to subdue Harris with a Taser, but mistakenly shot him with a gun. Bates has said the shooting was accidental; he has apologized to Harris' family. The family of Harris says Bates' vacation "sends a message of apathy"
Every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus, but it's getting closer. Historical accuracy is the coin of our entertainment realm, but there's another, deeper meaning, scholars say.
Police meet with man who was in Walter Scott's car when Slager pulled it over for a broken taillight. Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley says stress of the past week is too much for the family. Slager's lawyer says he has not received "the cooperation from law enforcement that the media has"
Fatu Kekula, 23, is studying nursing at Emory University in Atlanta. She's learning skills she can take back home to care for her Ebola-stricken family in Liberia. "She fascinates me every day," one of her instructors says. Kekula is scheduled to return to Liberia in August.
Dash cam video shows an initial traffic stop and interactions between officer and Walter Scott. Scott family attorney: Scott might have been concerned about child support issues. A witness who shot cell phone video of the incident says he never saw Scott try to get Slager's Taser. Officer Michael Slager has been fired and charged with murder.
"It's been a really rough day," Jon Reiter's wife says. The Indian Army's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp. Two companies report the deaths of Americans on the mountain, including Dan Fredinburg and Eve Girawong.
Hospital gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital. Cleveland Clinic was an early trendsetter, introducing new gowns in 2010. Henry Ford Health System is in the process of updating its gowns. New gowns can be expensive, as laundered and reused must be easily mass-manufactured.
Ben and Shelby Offrink met in college at a calculus study group for calculus-based physics. Shelby was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer eight years ago. Ben battled Hodgkins lymphoma when he was 20 and went into remission. In August 2014, Ben got some terrible news: The cancer had reappeared.
Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on ways to affect the weather using laser beams. Laser seeding is a cleaner alternative to cloud seeding, which involves spraying chemicals into the atmosphere. The laser could be used to "repair" the weather, reducing the occurrence of hurricanes, thunderstorms, flooding, and drought. Controlling lightning, or facilitating its discharge in a desired location, would help reduce the costs associated with damage.
Aaron Hernandez is found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Odin Lloyd. The former New England Patriots tight end also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide. Two years ago, he was one of the NFL's most promising tight ends, inking a $40 million contract extension.
Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, prescription sale, weapons charges. His attorney calls allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated" "None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," attorney Randy Zelin says.
Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, official says. Most Yazidis were killed, captured and displaced when ISIS overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer. Yazidis are of Kurdish descent; their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and Zoroastrianism.
At least 25 people have been arrested in the United States since January trying to join ISIS. U.S. counterterrorism official: "We are opening cases quicker than we are closing them" ISIS recruits have an easier path to drawing supporters than al Qaeda has had, officials say.
12 people are arrested, Baltimore police commissioner says. Vandals break and damage storefront windows and trash a 7-Eleven, police say. Protesters angry over the death of Freddie Gray get into physical altercations with police. At least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them.
Design student Jackson Gordon has created a Batman-style suit of armor plating, cape and cowl. The 21-year-old Philadelphia-based industrial design student raised $1,255 on Kickstarter to fund the project. He has already begun manufacturing the cowls for the public, with "fully adjustable" jackets going up for sale on his site Armatus Design.
Indonesia postpones the execution of Mary Jane Veloso, a Filipina maid on death row in Indonesia. Her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called "execution island" She was arrested in 2010 after a flight from Malaysia to Indonesia when $500,000 worth of heroin was found in her luggage.
NEW: Denver police report nine arrests in Wednesday's demonstrations. NEW: New York City police place at least 20 people in zip ties in the street. Hundreds march in support of Baltimore protesters in New York. Three people are shot in Ferguson, Missouri, police say.
Zuriel Oduwole is often described as "the world's youngest filmmaker" Aged 12, she already has four documentaries under her belt -- all of which focus on African issues. Her most recent project, "A Promising Africa," is the first in an ongoing series which will profile five African nations. She was named by Business Insider as one of world's 100 most powerful individuals last year.
Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, formed their own militia. Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq -- recent estimates put the number as low as 300,000. Most Iraqi Christians live in Kurdish areas in the north, which have been a relative haven of stability.
Typhoon Maysak is no longer a super typhoon but still a Category 4 hurricane. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday. The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines.
L'Hermione is a replica of a French frigate that fought with the U.S. in the War of Independence. It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history. President Obama, in a letter to congratulate the launch, called France "our Nation's oldest ally"
Questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped operate on. Gupta helped doctors at Bir Hospital in Kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room. More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake.
The Red Cross opens a blood bank in Kathmandu. The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance. India sends 10 more aid flights and 10 helicopters to Nepal. Pakistan is sending a medical team, a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts. China is sending 40 rescuers and six search dogs; Israel is preparing to send a team to assess damage.
The FBI says it will investigate whether civil rights were violated in the beating. KNBC: The suspect appeared to be kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times. The ACLU of Southern California says it is "deeply troubled" by the images. Ten deputies involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave.
Distribution of aid to Nepal earthquake victims faces challenges. Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. Airport management is still chaotic, with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies effectively. Access to many of the affected areas is reported to be extremely limited.
Rishi Khanal, 27, was trapped in the rubble of a building for 82 hours. His survival is unusual, as it's rare for people to be trapped for more than 72 hours after a disaster. A 4-month-old baby boy is rescued 22 hours after the quake, Kathmandu Today reports.
Pope Francis uses the word "genocide" to refer to mass killings of Armenians a century ago. Turkey recalls its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" hours after Francis' comments. Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian rebukes Turkey for "speaking a different language"
47 bodies have been exhumed from two of 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit, an Iraqi official says. Grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies. ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher, a base near Tikrit.
More than 100 people arrested in New York during a "NYC Rise Up & Shut It Down With Baltimore" rally, police say. "We're not giving up on them. We're just going to follow up," police commissioner says of Baltimore protesters. Mayor: "We re-evaluate it on a daily basis" on whether to lift curfew early.
Katie Donovan met Dalton Prager on Facebook when she was 18 and he was 19. Dalton had a cystic fibrosis infection that could have crippled Katie's fragile lungs. Katie's pulmonologist had warned her not to meet other CF patients in person.
Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui are accused of plotting to build an explosive device for attacks in the U.S. "Why can't we be some real bad bitches?" she asked, according to a federal complaint. The complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism, prosecutors say.
Officer Michael Slager is "terminated" from North Charleston police force, mayor says. "I watched the video, and I was sickened by what I saw," says police chief. Slager is charged with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at Walter Scott, killing him. Both Scott and Slager had once served in the U.S. Coast Guard.
Two African-American candidates win seats on Ferguson City Council. Ella Jones, a Mary Kay sales director, wins Ward 1 with 49.76% of the vote. Wesley Bell, a lawyer and criminal justice professor, won Ward 3 with nearly 67%. Brian Fletcher, a former mayor, won the other seat with 56.7%.
ISIS and al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control 90% of Yarmouk camp, activists say. Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. The Palestine Liberation Organization calls on international bodies to assist in the evacuation of people from the camp.
Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria. No illnesses have been reported so far. Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people.
Walter Scott, 50, served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged. "He was outgoing -- loved everybody," his brother Anthony Scott tells CNN's Don Lemon. North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager has been charged with murder in the shooting death of Walter Scott.
Lane Bryant has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique lingerie line titled #ImNoAngel. The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its popular Angels line. Victoria's Secret was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words "Perfect Body" over images of slender models.
AP McCoy's Grand National dream ends in fifth place. Many Clouds wins prestigious race by a length and a half. Jockey Leighton Aspell becomes first jockey since 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses. McCoy's horse Shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by the betting public.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye calls for the Sewol ferry's wreck to be salvaged "as soon as possible" The Sewol sank on April 16, killing 304 people, mostly high school students on a trip to Jeju island. Families say the underlying problems that led to the sinking are far from resolved.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the Sahel region. Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian. Last year in Garissa, James Ndonye lost five of his 11 teachers amid rising fears of an attack on the school. In northeast Nigeria, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has been waging war against the government.
Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine says there was "no nexus to terrorism" apparent so far in this incident. A male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol and shot himself, police say. The lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed.
Two people were shot in the neck and another in the leg, a city spokesman says. A suspect is in custody in the latter case: a 20-year-old male from St. Louis County. The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged.
"Furious 7" producers hired a Lockheed C-130 Hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high, open a cargo door and parachute them out. The plane is the oldest continuously produced family of military planes in history. Lockheed has been making these airplanes longer than the legendary B-52 bomber and U2 spy jet.
Hillary Clinton has declared her candidacy for president. Frida Ghitis: She's famous enough by now to go by one name, but should she? Ghitis: If there's a reason Hillary Clinton will be elected as our next president, it's not because she let us call her Hillary.
"Galaxy Quest" is being adapted into a TV series. The 1999 sci-fi film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, Daryl Mitchell. It's the latest film to be adapted for TV, including "Rush Hour" and "Minority Report"
Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten sentenced to life in prison. Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard sentenced to 30 years each, plus one day. The four were among seven Blackwater employees who opened fire in the Nusoor Square traffic circle in Baghdad.
A grand jury decides not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison. The officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family. Harrison's mother had called police for help getting her schizophrenic son to the hospital. Video from one of the officer's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month.
The Red Cross calls for a 24-hour ceasefire in Yemen. "We need to save the lives that can be saved," a Red Cross official says. The United Nations says at least 519 people have been killed in Yemen in the past two weeks. Tens of thousands have fled to nearby Somalia and Djibouti.
Some 2,500 people have been evacuated from Yemen in the last few days, an official says. They are going to Djibouti, a small African nation 430 kilometers (267 miles) away. Some are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden; others are leaving behind much more than luggage.
At least 147 people were killed in the attack, many of them students at Garissa University College. Investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews are removing the bodies of dead students. The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers remain where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets.
NASA chief scientist: "We're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade" "We know where to look. We know how to look," Ellen Stofan says. Ex-astronaut John Grunsfeld: "I think we're one generation away in our solar system"
New South China Mall is the biggest shopping mall in the world. Opened in 2005 in Dongguan, it was classified by industry analysts as a "dead mall" It became an unflattering symbol of China's runaway speculation on real estate projects. Two years ago, the mall was deserted. Most units were empty. Paint was coming off the walls.
ISIS fighters seize several districts in Ramadi in an hours-long assault, an Iraqi official says. At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, the official adds. Ramadi, about 70 miles (110 kilometers) west of Baghdad, has seen persistent fighting for months.
Indonesian court rejects last ditch effort to gain clemency for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. They are on death row for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot. Seven others who took part in the operation are serving lengthy prison sentences for trafficking the drugs.
Brynn Duncan, 21, went into anaphylactic shock after biting into an ice cream. She was diagnosed with mast cell disease, which is characterized by "abnormal proliferation and activation" of the body's mast cells. Mast cells are the regulators of your immune system; they release histamine when a bug bites, for instance.
UNICEF: 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast Nigeria. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF says. "They have the right to get their childhoods back," says Manuel Fontaine, regional director for West and Central Africa.
NYPD bomb squad declares the scene clear at Liberty Island. About 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds. Service to Liberty Island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday. The Statue of Liberty was dedicated by President Grover Cleveland on October 28, 1886.
Brian Rogers and Caitlin McGuire own the Breckenridge Cannabis Club, a recreational marijuana dispensary. Colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana on January 1, 2014. The pair's journey to build a legal marijuana empire is documented in the new CNN Original Series "High Profits"
CNN's John Defterio visits a logistics hub for Afghan police in Jalalabad. The facility was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms, ammunition, even fuel for vehicles. Defterio: "It is a strange experience to be protected from those who America seeks to hand the country over to those who want to hand it over"
Protesters are calling for President Dilma Rousseff to be impeached. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of valid votes in October. Her approval rating plummeted to 13% after the protests last month. The protests have gotten bigger and broader, with many demonstrators saying they initially voted for Rousseff.
Iraqi forces remove ISIS fighters from Saddam Hussein's birthplace of Tikrit. Iraqi security says few ISIS militants left in the city are hiding inside houses hoping to escape in the dark. "The enemy has been defeated, and it has lost all its capabilities," Interior Minister Mohammed al-Ghabban says.
NYPD detective Patrick Cherry apologizes for angry exchange with Uber driver. "I was just angry, at that moment, for that exchange," Cherry tells WNBC's Jonathan Dienst. Police Commissioner William Bratton: "No good cop can watch that without a wince" Cherry is on modified assignment pending an investigation.
A staff member spotted the drone on the roof of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's residence. Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle. The bottle contained traces of a radioactive material believed to be cesium, a common byproduct of nuclear reactors.
UltraHaptics creates tactile shapes out of thin air using ultrasound. The company's technology could revolutionize the way we interact with electronic devices. Virtual reality and other new technologies could combine to allow users to see and feel the world around them. Technology could also be used to control cars, TVs and even snoozing the alarm in the morning.
Laura Bernardini is a director of coverage for CNN's newsgathering and newsroom in Washington. She is a lifelong Catholic, but she has never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. A CNN religion editor suggested she try reading the Bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for Belief.
Google combines Google Maps and Pac-Man for April Fools' Day pranks. The company is known for its impish pranks, including a Pokemon Challenge and a treasure map. Pac-Man is easy to play: Go to Google Maps on your desktop browser and click on the icon for the game.
Santorum says he hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law rather than limit its scope. "It doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," Santorum said. The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP's 2016 contenders into the debate.
China launches smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping. The app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies. It features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from. Analysts say the app is part of Xi's efforts to cultivate a different image to his predecessors.
Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger in court. Should he act any differently when he's on trial for murder? Jury deliberations resume Wednesday. Hernandez is accused of killing Odin Lloyd, a former football star for the New England Patriots.
Joni Mitchell was found unconscious in her home Tuesday afternoon. She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital, her website says. "She is currently in intensive care undergoing tests and is awake and in good spirits," it says.
Nearly 60% of the people in America's workforce are paid hourly and work part-time. Julian Zelizer: Congress should help low-wage workers gain access to predictable work schedules. "Just-in-time" scheduling has increased dramatically because of sophisticated software that ties staffing to expected traffic.
Mourners gather in Nairobi's Uhuru Park to remember the 147 people killed in the Garissa attack. "We need to talk about the bright futures cut short," one organizer says. Kenya launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab's training camps in Somalia, a military source says.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been a vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran. Netanyahu has called for a "clear and unambiguous Iranian recognition of Israel's right to exist" "The survival of Israel is non-negotiable," Netanyahu says. The deal would "legitimize Iran's nuclear program," he says.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. It's currently in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
147 people were killed and 79 injured when Al-Shabaab opened fire at a college campus in Garissa on Thursday. The number of people killed in the attack is plaguing Kenyans with self-doubt. So what should Kenya do? The answer is elusive.
An Indian army team plans to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms of waste from Mount Everest. The 34-member team will start the climb in mid-May. More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the 29,035-foot-high mountain. Last year, Nepalese tourism authorities started requiring hikers to carry out extra garbage.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday. Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states. By Thursday afternoon, storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for Thursday and Friday. Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states. By Thursday afternoon, storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky.
President Hassan Rouhani: "We can cooperate with the world" "We do not lie," he says, vowing that Iran will stick to its promises. Iran's nuclear program won't go away, but it will be shrunken and centralized, he says. Rouhani thanks Iranians for their patience and for "resisting" for the country's rights.
Regina Agyare is teaching local girls in Nima, a slum in Accra, Ghana, how to code. Achievers Ghana supports 250 girls between the ages of six and 18, priming them for formal education. The group provides extracurricular classes in reading, math, poetry and information technology. In each class, around 50 girls are taught HTML and run a blog.
Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country. 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor. Concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group Boko Haram. The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria's anti-trafficking agency, Naptip, is overwhelmed.
Cynthia Cheroitich hid from Al-Shabaab militants in her dorm room for two days. "They were shooting everywhere," she says. Kenya's President says Al-shabaab is an "existential threat to our republic" The terrorist group has vowed "another bloodbath" in Kenya.
A Florida judge denies a motion by two women to join a lawsuit against Prince Andrew and Alan Dershowitz. The women alleged they were victims of underage sex crimes with help from billionaire Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace has denied the allegations, which surfaced in a court filing in January.
The deadline to reach a deal on Iran's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal. The parties must come up with a comprehensive deal by June 30 or else everything falls apart. Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif says his country has shown its "willingness to engage with dignity"
Crash avoidance software could take control of an aircraft away from a pilot and steer the plane to a safe altitude. The technology would work in a fashion similar to crash avoidance technology already used in automobiles. After 9/11, Airbus was working to develop aircraft crash avoidance software with tech giant Honeywell.
More than 60 people have been rescued from chilly waters in Russia's Far East. The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler went down in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties. Most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull, official says.
Stan Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital. Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist" He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for "The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows" "Weird Al" Yankovic called him a major influence on his career.
Indiana Gov. Mike Pence said the state will "fix" the state's controversial religious freedom law. Danny Cevallos: The easy way to fix RFRA is to add one small amendment to codify that discrimination against LGBT community is harmful. He says RFRA was passed 22 years ago, before we realized its potential to discriminate.
"Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend. Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003. The movie is also poised to do massive business overseas, putting its global debut north of $250 million.
Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents when Lane Smith fell and hit his head. Sharry asked the photographer to make their family picture complete, just for one picture. The photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer's Facebook page this week.
Indiana's new religious freedom law is causing controversy. Supporters say it is a copy of the federal law, while opponents say it's an extension of Indiana's existing law. The key difference in the Indiana law is that it expands the instances where someone can use religious freedom as a defense.
Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown. They say the bronze likeness does not do justice to the "I Love Lucy" star. The statue has been likened to Conway Twitty, Steve Buscemi and the snake from "Beetlejuice"
Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes. Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country. Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa.
Iranians erupt in celebration after historic nuclear deal with the U.S. and other world powers. Young people waved flags from their sunroofs, blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #IranTalks. The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start.
Dilkhayot Kasimov was added to a superseding indictment filed last month. Three previously arrested men were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization. Those three have pleaded not guilty; it is unclear if Kasimov has been arrested. Indictment and criminal complaint say two men planned to join ISIS.
The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch. The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time. It took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse.
Dozens of cities across Turkey lost power for hours on Tuesday. Millions of people were affected, including passengers stranded on paralyzed trains and subways. The government's increasingly heavy-handed repression of public dissent has contributed to a hyper-polarized and deeply mistrustful political atmosphere.
McDonald's announced it will raise wages for 90,000 of its employees. Donna Brazile: This is a significant victory for fast-food workers and those of us who support them. But she says it doesn't go far enough and leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers.
Gov. Jerry Brown orders mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents, businesses and farms. The 25% cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water over the next nine months. "We're in a new era," Brown says. "The idea of your nice little green grass getting lots of water... that's going to be a thing of the past"
British voters go to the polls on Thursday to elect a new prime minister. The election could result in the handing of power to the Labour Party, led by Ed Miliband. Voting is run on a "first-past-the-post" basis, which means a party can easily win power without winning the most votes. UK elections are typically viewed as a two-horse race -- with two horses, only fewer horses.
Pope Francis: Christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord. This Holy Week, we call upon Christians to also reflect upon crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking, harassment and bombing.
The emails were discovered as part of a Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in Ferguson. Two police officers and the city's top court clerk resigned or were fired in connection with the emails. The emails make offensive references to President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and minorities.
Two people, one of them a greyhound trainer, arrested after 55 dog carcasses found in Queensland bush. Two Bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year-old woman, each charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. RSPCA spokesman: "A lot of people in the area who were involved in the greyhound industry were questioned" Australia's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation.
Wisconsin pizzerias get caught up in national debate over Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act. People mistook one business for another in Indiana, which refused to cater a same-sex wedding. "I was shocked. It was like I was a rat running around in a cage," owner says.
Skeleton of a camel found beneath a cellar in Tulln, Austria, dates back to the 17th century. It is thought to have been used by Ottoman troops as they tried to reach Vienna in 1683. DNA analysis on the skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel.
Andrew Getty, 47, was found on his side near a bathroom in his Los Angeles home, KTLA reports. His death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," an assistant chief in the coroner's office says. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators, police say.
Andreas Lubitz crashed Germanwings Flight 9525, killing everyone on board. People with mental illness have been regarded by others as disasters waiting to happen, authors say. Authors: We need to talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into darkness.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was arrested in Chicago overnight Friday. Authorities had been looking for him since early Wednesday, when he jumped a guard and fled in his SUV. The Illinois sheriff says he'll likely face an attempted murder charge for his attack on the guard. "He's not going to walk down the block again, I don't believe," the sheriff says of the escaped inmate.
Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia on Monday for a four-week stint with the armed forces. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career. The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales"
Two corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate. An FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK. The FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed.
The P5+1 nations reached a framework agreement with Iran on Iran's nuclear program. The success of that agreement remains to be seen. But the talks this week were historic, particularly for the U.S.-Iranian relationship. "It was tough, very intense at times, sometimes emotional and confrontational," John Kerry says.
The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis, the police chief of Puntland region says. Somalia's President calls it "an attack against the future of our country" UNICEF says it employed four of the dead.
Prince Harry visits the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier in Canberra. He'll spend four weeks with the Australian military, training with them in Sydney, Darwin and Perth. Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales," from his official title and name, Prince Henry of Wales.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil" Australia is grappling with the problem of citizens who are choosing to travel to Iraq and Syria to join ISIS.
NEW: Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz used the autopilot to speed the plane's descent, BEA says. NEW: "Work is continuing to establish the precise history of the flight," the French air accident agency adds. The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by recovery teams in the French Alps.
Crew of alleged poaching vessel rescued after 110-day chase by conservationists. Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder since several months ago. Interpol "purple notice" issued for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes. Bob Barker Captain Peter Hammarstedt said he hoped the authorities would work with Interpol.
Huntley High School's "blended learning" program merges Internet-based instruction with a traditional classroom setting. "Having to work online makes it really accessible to do the work that I have to get done," Jason Zobott, 16, says. Since blended learning was implemented, Huntley High's average composite ACT score has gone up nearly a point.
Kenya launched airstrikes against Al-Shabaab bases in Somalia, a military source says. Kenya's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the Garissa attack, police say. The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of the attack on Garissa University.
Pope Francis asks that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need. He also asks for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there. The Pontiff ends the address consoling the marginalized, the poor, the sick and the suffering.
Hundreds of Duke students and faculty march after a noose is found hanging from a tree on campus. The incident is one of several racist events to affect college students in recent months. "This is no Duke we will accept," the Duke president tells students at a forum.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad. "This is a great catch not because he was a potential bomber but because he could have trained tens of bombers," analyst says.
Houthi rebels seize the presidential palace in Aden, a neutral security official says. Yemeni special forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh arrive in Aden. A Saudi border guard is killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen, state media reports.
As the only Gulf national in the CNN team, I am expected to be familiar with camel racing, an ancient tradition in the region. But despite my attempts to dress in a kandora, a UAE national dress, my modern outlook on life means I am a total outsider in this world. It's surprising how spectacular camel racing can be. Compared to the grace of thoroughbred racehorses, camels are indeed ungainly creatures.
Charlie Hill has lived in Cuba for 43 years. He is wanted on charges he killed a New Mexico police officer and hijacked a plane in 1971. Hill, now 65, says he is considering leaving Cuba and returning to the United States. "I am not a cop killer. I am a freedom fighter," he says.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call.
This page includes the show Transcript. Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary. At the bottom of the page, comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News.  You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student news Roll Call. The Weekly Newsquiz tests students' knowledge of events in the news.
Misao Okawa was born on March 5, 1898. Guinness World Records says she was the world's oldest person. She had lived in a nursing home since 1997. Her favorite food was sushi and udon noodles. Okawa leaves behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Missouri National Guard used highly militarized language to describe protesters in Ferguson, documents show. The documents were obtained by CNN through a Freedom of Information Act request. "It's disturbing when you have what amounts to American soldiers viewing American citizens somehow as the enemy," an alderman in St. Louis said.
The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack, a spokesman says. The attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the building, officials say. Security guards at the building and, later, Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside, witnesses say.
Gregory Margolin was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army in World War II. After the war, he settled in Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine and built a life. Now 87, he survived a missile attack on his house, but his daughter was killed. He moved to Israel in a wave of Ukrainian Jewish immigration that coincided with the start of hostilities in Ukraine.
More than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls kidnapped a year ago are still missing. Malala Malala says we should all feel shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity. "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere," says Malala.
Norway is the first country in the world to phase out radio entirely. The move will save $25 million, officials say. Radio will be phased out region by region, starting in January 2017 and concluding in December. Half of Norwegians already listen to digital radio.
A new study suggests the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera. O.C. Marsh first named the dinosaur "Brontosaurus" or "thunder lizard" in 1879. A paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led the study.
AQAP offers 20 kilograms of gold for the death or capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions on a website called thedemocracyclub.org. "The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC," he wrote. The Florida postal carrier had letters for every member of Congress inside his gyrocopter. Hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for Thursday.
Scores of dead fish have appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon in Rio de Janeiro. Rio de Janeiro has pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid bay for the 2016 Olympics. Last year biologists said rivers leading into the bay contained a superbacteria resistant to antibiotics.
Anthony Ray Hinton spent 30 years on Alabama's death row. He was convicted of killing two men, but always maintained his innocence. "I have to pinch myself to tell myself that I'm free," he tells CNN's Brooke Baldwin. Hinton says his hardest day was learning his mother had died in 2002.
UK election debate was a cacophonous shouting match that probably gave all parties' supporters some satisfaction. David Cameron is probably wise to have refused all invitations to go head to head with Miliband alone in verbal fisticuffs. If there was a "winner" in the debate it was Nicola Sturgeon, writes Simon Tisdall.
Ella Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, her attorney says. She has been unable to find Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku to serve him the papers. A New York judge says Facebook is an acceptable forum through which a summons can be delivered.
Dr. Sergio Canavero is planning to perform a head transplant on a human body. He hopes to get the green light he needs for the first human whole head transplant to take place in 2017. Canaverano says he has part of the funding secured, but can't disclose where the money is coming from.
Anthony Stokes, 17, carjacked someone, burglarized a home, shot at an elderly woman, police say. Stokes died after his car hit a pole, police spokeswoman says. In 2013, the teen's family said an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery. The hospital said in a letter that Stokes had a "history of non-compliance"
147 people were killed in the attack on Garissa University College in eastern Kenya, officials say. The Kenyan Interior Ministry says four terrorists were killed and the operation was "successfully" The attack began with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. Thursday. It's too early to tell what the future holds for the school, Kenya's president says.
Freddie Gray, 25, died 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge. His death from a severe spinal chord injury sparked widespread outrage toward the Baltimore Police Department. Hundreds of protesters peacefully rallied on the streets of Baltimore on Saturday against the alleged police role in Gray's death.
A decade ago, concepts like "sustainable farming," "animal welfare" and "organic food" were considered fringe. The rise in consumer knowledge has led to an increased demand for sustainably sourced food that is healthier and tastes better. Industrial farms reap enormous profits while producing subpar meat, polluting air and water resources.
Anesthesiologist Dan Swangard wants to be able to control when and how his life ends. Swangard joined a California lawsuit seeking to let doctors prescribe lethal medications to certain terminally ill patients. The right-to-die movement has gained renewed momentum in California and around the nation.
U.N. says 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks. Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace and other key parts of Aden, a source says. Two Saudi border guards are killed in an exchange of fire with Houthi rebels, officials say.
Mitchelle Angela Blair is charged with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her then 9-year old son, Stephen Gage Berry. The bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24.
Wladimir Klitschko speaks to CNN from his Miami training base. World heavyweight boxing champion says he is shocked and upset by Ukraine conflict with Russia. Klitschko is the reigning IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO champion. He faces American Bryant Jennings in a title defense on April 25 in New York.
Michael Keaton hosted "Saturday Night Live" for the third time this weekend. He paid homage to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" Fans also delighted in a cameo from "Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus. Overall, his performance drew high marks from viewers and critics.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of murder in February for killing a man during a botched robbery. He was set to be sentenced in May. Authorities don't know how he got out of his two-man cell, then managed to get out of the jail. A $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest.
Detective suspended after allegedly stealing $3,000 during illegal cigarettes raid. Surveillance video appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the store. Cyrus is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau. His supervisor Sgt. Fritz Glemaud, who was heading the raid, was placed on modified duty.
Thieves broke into vault of a safe deposit company in the heart of London over the Easter weekend. They may have ransacked as many as 70 safe deposit boxes, police say. One former police official estimates they got away with as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million.
Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black Africans. "Xenophobia" fails to convey the conditions in which African migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era. Pervasive misery and corruption in the midst of a nation with so much potential should not be tolerated.
Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq. Many analysts have asked whether Ayatollah Ali Khamenei would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the West to end Iran's nuclear program. The standoff with the West has stretched longer than the war.
Sustainable development is a doctrine that says the economy should be based on a true moral foundation. Theory is that raw capitalism is the economics of greed, and it is greed that we get as the ultimate moral arbiter. But sustainable development calls for a holistic approach that combines economic, social and environmental objectives.
Authors: The U.S. is too reliant on Russian technology to meet its national security obligations. They say it's bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements. Congress took bipartisan action to phase out reliance on the Russian-made RD-180 engine.
Nearly 300 schoolgirls were abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria on April 14, 2014. Malala Yousafzai released an "open letter" to the girls on the eve of the one-year mark. "Like you, I was a target of militants who did not want girls to go to school," she writes.
South African troops deploy to Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where violence broke out Friday. Defense minister: "This intervention is not an indictment on the police.... We are coming in because they need that support" Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants.
Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants, Iranian state media report. Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting, state media reports. A militant group called Jaish al Adal has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian media. The Pakistani government condemns the attack as an "act of terrorism"
TripAdvisor names Providenciales as the world's top island. Ambergris Caye dropped out of the top 10 completely this year. Maui, Hawaii, tops the list of U.S. islands, followed by Kauai and Key West.
"Star Wars: Rogue One" will take place between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope" Felicity Jones will play a rebel soldier on a rogue mission to steal plans for the Death Star. "Rogue One" is scheduled to hit theaters December 16, 2016.
Iranians are over the moon at the prospect of a nuclear deal with six world powers, says Ali Reza Sayah. The deal paves the way for a much broader deal by the end of June, he says. It represents the biggest chance of rapprochement between Tehran and Washington since the Iranian revolution in 1979, he adds.
Two African-Americans elected to the Ferguson City Council. Five of the six current City Council members and the mayor are white. "That is what our democracy is about," says Wesley Bell, a 40-year-old lawyer and criminal justice professor. Bell is running against Lee Smith, a retired electrical plant employee, in Ward 3.
Police: A 37-year-old Arab motorist struck two people standing at a bus stop in Jerusalem. One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital. The driver has been arrested and is under investigation, police say.
Lauren Bacall's 750-piece art collection sold for $3.64 million at Bonhams auction house in New York on March 31. The collection includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century. Bacall, who died in August 2014 at the age of 89, shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "To Have And Have Not"
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of parliament, was shot and killed Wednesday. Journalist Oles Buzyna, 45, was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue Ford Focus. At least three former members of parliament with the Party of Regions have reportedly committed suicide.
Chile joins several South American neighbors in allowing same-sex civil unions. The new law will take effect in six months. Chilean President Michelle Bachelet: "This is a concrete step in the drive to end the difference between homosexual and heterosexual couples"
The Everglades represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like few places in the world. After a century of development, half of the swamp is dead and the other half is on life support. Nowhere else is the border between bustling civilization and untamed wilderness so narrow.
Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. It has been besieged and bombed by Syrian forces for more than two years. In early April, ISIS militants stormed the camp, taking over 90% of it. As many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since then, but have no place to go.
"Great Cannon" uses Web browsers of unsuspecting Web surfers to attack outside China, study says. Beijing has long used a "Great Firewall" to block citizens from reading critical articles from Western news websites. The Great Cannon takes on a much lighter load, because it doesn't care about all that traffic. Instead, it targets traffic between a handful of Web addresses.
Medical records show Andreas Lubitz was suicidal at one time, prosecutor's office says. Lubitz passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014, source tells CNN. A letter found in a waste bin in Lubitz' apartment said he was not able to do his job, prosecutor says.
"Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says. Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri says airstrikes have decimated the Houthis' central command. Since mid-March, more than 700 people have been killed in violence, WHO says.
Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995. The attack killed 168 men, women and children, injured hundreds more, and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in U.S. history. Authors: After Oklahoma City, the public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right.
Charles Alasholuyi posts his daily photo of the missing Nigerian girls on CNN iReport. He says he does this to give the families of the girls a voice. #BringBackOurGirls was one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014, used in more than four million tweets.
Barney Frank, the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office, spoke at a Chicago event. He joked about a ballot proposal in California that would legalize killing gay people, saying "we're winning" John Avlon: "We're winning?" is a phrase we've heard a lot recently as it pertains to LGBT rights.
U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says Al-Shabaab militants have claimed responsibility for the attack. The terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region. It has recruited some Americans, particularly from the Somali-American community in Minnesota. Decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made Somalia a target.
Cecil Rhodes' statue was removed from the University of Cape Town campus. Students had used the hashtag #RhodesMustFall to demand the statue be removed. "This isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," says one protester in Pretoria. The statue was first unveiled in 1934.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 310,000 people have been killed. The United Nations puts the death toll at 70,000. Food rations are being cut for lack of donations, the U.N. says. That's the equivalent of the population of Moscow, the United Nations says.
Ailina Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing. Tsarnaeva has a past record that includes misleading police in a counterfeiting case. She has said she believes her brothers are innocent. Closing arguments are expected Monday in the trial of Dzokhar Tsarnaev.
A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza. The owner of the door, Rabea Darduna, filed a complaint with a Gaza court. Darduna says he sold the door for just $175 U.S. without realizing its value.
U.N. says 182 people have been killed and hundreds more wounded in Yemen in recent days. Saudi Arabia's foreign minister: "We are not warmongers, but if war's drums are beaten, we are ready for them" Iranian official: We object to "the military solution in Yemen," saying it's a "strategic mistake" by the Saudis.
Holland beat Spain 2-0 in Amsterdam on Tuesday night. Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen scored the goals for the Dutch. Andres Iniesta started on the bench and was booed by the home fans. Guus Hiddink slammed his own supporters for booing the midfielder.
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation. Fans invaded the field of play during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi on Sunday. Play was halted twice at the Boris Paichadze Stadium due to Georgia fans arriving onto the field. UEFA's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will decide on May 21.
As of April 1, anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal. FA, Premier League and Football League have been discussing how best to cope with FIFA opting out. All have serious concerns about how the system will work in Britain and abroad.
Maksims Uvarenko joined CSKA Sofia on an 18-month contract in January. The Latvian goalkeeper has not been paid for three months. CSKA have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts.
David Moore, 25, went berserk with road rage after leaving his home in Burnley, Lancashire. He was nose-to-nose with Rafal Cegielka, 45, who was picking up his child from school. Moore then jumped out of his car and punched him through his open car window. Then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the victim's vehicle. Finally, he shouted: 'I'll f***ing kill him' in the street, before running after him again. The court heard the force of the attack caused damage
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday. Vicente del Bosque fielded a largely experimental, second-string team for the match. The defeat brought back bitter memories of their disastrous 2014 World Cup. But defender Gerard Pique insists Spain's'state of health is good' ahead of Euro 2016.
Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with daughter Kaia, 7. But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe. Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'
More than 80 firefighters spent six hours tackling flames up to 35ft high at the St Catherine's Hill nature reserve in Dorset yesterday. Fire investigators have confirmed the fire was started deliberately and three separate areas of heath - measuring half a hectare, one hectare and 70 hectares - were destroyed. Police are treating the fire as suspicious and have appealed for witnesses as they investigate what was used to start it. The youths, aged 14 and 15, are being held by police on suspicion of deliberately starting three fires. Experts say it will take 20 to 30 years for the heathland ecosystem to
London Ambulance Service had answered 2,333 calls by 4am this morning. Staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight. 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital. The busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered. This is more than three times the average of 180.
Simon Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form. The 27-year-old Belgian quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. He has been in impressive form since his return, keeping six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home.
Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. The National Weather Service received 170 reports of hail, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter. Storms will move across the Midwest on Thursday with St Louis, Louisville, Memphis, Indianapolis, Little Rock, Oklahoma City and Dallas hit hardest. On Friday the icy blasts are set to drift further South, hitting cities including Jackson and Birmingham.
The Liana's Ransom lost power in rough seas off the coast of Maine early Monday morning. The 85-foot-long replica schooner was on its way to St Maarten in the Caribbean with nine crew members on its first voyage of the season. Two lifeboat crews were dispatched from Massachusetts to try and tow the vessel to shore, but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break. Crew member Luke Arbuckle came up short while attempting to make the jump to the Coast Guard ship and struck his head against the boat.
Amazing pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014.
Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over enclosure fence at Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad. He ran towards the animals shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' Fortunately, he fell into a moat and was rescued before reaching the animals.
Incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China. The 12-year-old boy most likely fell while sleepwalking, according to his father. Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt. Neighbours noticed the fall when the boy was on top of the car and yelling for help.
The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. 'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday. The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor.
Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract. Atletico Madrid are considering re-signing the full back in the summer. Luis has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. The defender played for Brazil against France and Chile.
Charlie Sumner ran on to the pitch during Reading's FA Cup match last month. The 20-year-old did four front flips and landed on his back before being tackled. He is now facing a potential three-year ban for his one-man pitch invasion stunt. Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident. Video of his antics went viral after it was broadcast live on BBC One. But he said a potential ban'seemed a bit much' and he would not do it again.
About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans. It is not yet clear how many people were hurt in the crash.
John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions. They defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. The tournament has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time. England reached the tournament with a 100 per cent record, having seen off Norway, Slovenia and Romania.
The elephant was relaxing by a pool of water in the Kruger National Park in South Africa when the buffalo approached. Frustrated creature attempted to squirt the bull with water stored up from its trunk, but missed its target. Amazing images were taken in the historic park which opened in 1898 to help protect the wildlife of South Africa.
Michael Thorpe, 55, was convicted of illegally showing Premier League games in 2006. He showed games in Stoke Inn in Plymouth, Devon, without agreement with broadcasters. Mr Thorpe says he thought he was doing what he thought was right because he could not afford Sky. But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs for the offence eight years ago. European Court of Justice has now overturned his conviction following landmark ruling. Landlord says he has lost his pub as a result of eight-year legal battle to clear his name.
Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday night. The Irish FA are hoping it will not affect Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania in June. Michael O'Neill's side beat Finland 2-1 at Windsor Park on Sunday evening. Northern Ireland's next qualifier is against Romania on June 13.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium. He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled. The Reading fan is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. A decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order on April 30. Today, he said he has no regrets and that his family had'seen the funny side'
Hina Shamim, 21, was knocked down as she walked to University of Kingston library. She was killed and eight others, including five children, injured in horror crash last night. BMW driver, 34, has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Dozens of tributes have been left at the scene of the crash, where she was killed. Friends have described her as 'the loveliest person you could ever meet' and 'charming'
The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter. Video shows the mother attacking the student along with another girl. At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out.
Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic. The Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium. Begovic's deputy Jack Butland recently extended his contract until 2019. Click here for more Stoke City news.
A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand. He sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion. Boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Winston Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring on March 4. New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break. Enner Valencia missed West Ham's last two games with a toe injury. Leicester City host West Ham at the Boleyn Ground on Saturday.
Brittany Huber, 23, was killed on impact when her car blew a tire and hydroplaned on Interstate 85 in Merriweather County, Georgia, on April 28, 2014. Huber's fiance John Redman, 25, was left clinging to life in a coma for more than two weeks. The Dalton State assistant basketball coach was told he would likely spend the rest of his life confined to a wheelchair. But against overwhelming odds, Redman recovered and helped lead his team to their first-ever NAIA championship victory on March 24.
Lucas Leiva played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game at Anfield. The Brazilian enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November to late February. Lucas missed 10 games with a groin problem before returning to full fitness. Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday before the international break.
Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. The 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man. According to the photographer's website the images allow the father who usually has to act serious to express his fun side.
Robbery took place at 12.30pm at Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black. The white male suspect has greying black hair and wore glasses during the robbery. Police said no one was injured in the robbery and they were 'confident' public would identify him.
Court of Arbitration for Sport has lifted Morocco's ban from next two editions of the African Cup of Nations. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million by the Confederation of African Football. Morocco was disqualified from this year's tournament after withdrawing as host two months before the start of the competition. Their national federation cited health risks from fans travelling from Ebola-affected regions.
Jason Denayer has impressed on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. The 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for Belgium. Celtic are considering a bid for Hearts defender Danny Wilson. Tom Boyd insists a treble for Celtic this season will equal his own three-way success from 2001.
England drew 1-1 with Italy in a friendly in Turin on Tuesday night. Andros Townsend scored the equaliser for Roy Hodgson's side at the Juventus Stadium. The Tottenham winger has had a topsy-turvy season for the 23-year-old.
Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday. Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for ¬45million (£32.8m)
Antonio Conte returned to Juventus Stadium for Italy's 1-1 draw with England. The former Juventus boss said his return prompted'very fond memories' Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August after the Azzurri's World Cup group-stage exit last summer. Graziano Pelle's first-half strike was cancelled out by Andros Townsend's long-range effort.
Rangers and Hibs are level on points but have played a game less than each other. Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes that Hibs have the easier run-in. Rangers have two games to play against title winners Hearts. Murray's Dumbarton side are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier.
Simon Mignolet posted pictures of himself in the cockpit on Facebook. The Liverpool goalkeeper had been on international duty with Belgium. He was with the Belgium squad for Euro 2016 qualifying games against Cyprus and Israel. Mignoet has been in impressive form since returning to the Liverpool side. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Chyknell Hall Estate near Bridgnorth, Shropshire, boasts a swimming pool, tennis court, stables and cricket green. Its centrepiece, the 11-bedroom Regency manor house, was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since. Secluded 200-acre estate also boasts wine cellar, four-oven Aga, loggia, library, billiard room and compartmentalised gardens. Land also has 57 acres of woodland and more than 500 acres of sporting rights, including game shooting. Ownership of estate can be traced back to medieval times
The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday. The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the two campus cops searches, questions, and even hits one of them. 'I've got a lot of stuff on my belt I could use on you this afternoon. I guarantee you I will be glad to use it,' she is heard saying to another of the group. The school won't say why the teens were stopped and frisk
Gary Locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park. Locke joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer. The 39-year-old will speak at a press conference on Friday morning. CLICK HERE for all the latest Kilmarnock news.
Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich meet in Der Klassiker on Saturday. The two giants of the German game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings. Dortmund are only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th. Jurgen Klopp insists their league position is not his biggest concern.
Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport. She was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. Teenager offered to pay for second item to be put in hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one.
Gordon Robson, 26, killed John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head. The blow was so hard there was an 'audible crack' before Mr Potts fell down dead. Robson had been drinking at a sports bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, after his grandfather's funeral when fighting broke out. Mr Potts was killed when he stepped in to intervene and tried to calm the situation down. Judge jailed Robson for three-and-a-half years for manslaughter at Newcastle Crown Court. Widow Sarah Potts said her
Ellen White scored against her former club Arsenal in the Women's Super League. The free kick was awarded after Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost ran into each other. White spun on the edge of the box and smashed the ball into the corner. She also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0. Arsenal equalised five minutes from time through Chioma Ubogagu.
Girls aged between 16 and 18 undergoing five-day self-defence training. Instructor is former special forces solider Inspector Tan. Each of the 68 girls shouted 'kill, stab, slash and jab' as they learned the moves. The knives are not real, but have plastic retractable blades to prevent injury.
A study has outlined that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine hours. Professor David Hillman said the eight hours per night does not necessarily need to be consecutive. If choosing to break up your eight hours, napping throughout the day is the answer. He advises 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep and suffering from inertia.
The clip was uploaded to Facebook today, showing an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. 'Touch me and ya gutted, you yellow eyed mother f*****r, now get back to where you came from you black f*****s, get out of this place, nobody wants you and that f*****g monkey,' she says as the men scramble to pick up their own weapons.
Jose Luis Gaya is wanted by Manchester City, Arsenal and Chelsea. Valencia defender's buy-out clause is set at £13.5million. Gaya has represented Spain up to under 21 standard. The 19-year-old is currently first-choice left-back for the Under-21s. He is lightning fast and likes to get forward at every opportunity.
Edward West, 59, allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die' Just then, a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape. West was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Ron Vlaar returns from injury as Aston Villa head to Old Trafford on Saturday. Tim Sherwood has urged the Dutch centre-back to prove his worth. Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year. The 30-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United.
Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover at Aston Villa. Randy Lerner is understood to be in discussions with a prospective buyer. Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th following late defeat by Swansea. They face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford before Queens Park Rangers visit on Tuesday.
Jason Denayer has impressed while on loan at Celtic from Manchester City. Celtic are keen to keep hold of the 19-year-old defender next season. Manuel Pellegrini has admitted that City are looking to invest in homegrown players. Denayer would fit the bill as he has spent three of his formative years at City.
Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury against Burnley a fortnight ago. Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season. Manager Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer. The Saints travel to Everton on Saturday in the Premier League.
Birmingham City defeated Rotherham United 2-1 in the Sky Bet Championship. Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson scored for the hosts. Matt Derbyshire pulled a goal back for the Millers in the second half. Rotherham were denied a penalty after Rob Kiernan's clumsy handball. Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines after the decision.
Virgil van Dijk has been in fine form for Celtic this season. But the Dutch defender has not been rewarded with a call-up to the national team. Holland have conceded more goals in five Euro 2016 qualifiers than they did in the entire qualifying campaign for the last World Cup. Celtic boss Ronny Deila believes the standard of Scottish football makes no difference to Holland's standard.
Celtic face Inverness Caledonian Thistle in Scottish Cup semi-final on April 18. The Parkhead club have hit out at the SFA over ticket prices for Hampden Park. Tickets are set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions.
Rangers will be forced to delist from the Alternative Investment Market. The Ibrox outfit have been unable to secure a new nominated advisor (Nomad) Murray insists the new boards plans for the future will be unaffected. Sandy Easdale claims the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Graziano Pelle opened the scoring for the Azzurri in the first half. Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side during a much-improved second period. Wayne Rooney said he and the rest of the England players were upset by their first half performance.
Dundee United have hit back at criticism from supporters' groups. The Tannadice club have been accused of paying 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to unnamed parties. Supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club. United responded by saying they have made progress both on and off-field.
Gary Locke will be confirmed as Kilmarnock's permanent manager on Friday. Locke replaced Allan Johnston on a caretaker basis in February. The 39-year-old will be given a three-year deal at the Rugby Park club. Kilmarock are currently eighth in the Scottish Premiership.
Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China. The country's biggest basketball star so far has been Yao Ming, who played for NBA's Houston Rockets.
David Alaba was injured in Austria's 1-1 draw with Bosnia-Herzegovina on Tuesday. The left-back has been ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals later this month. Alaba was out for three months earlier this season with a partial ligament tear.
Dane Tilse will join Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal from Canberra Raiders. The 30-year-old Australian forward will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese. Tilse comes in after the sudden retirement of Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey. Hull KR have appointed former England captain Jamie Peacock as their football manager.
Livingston face Alloa in their first national final in 11 years on Sunday. Darren Cole's cousin, Shaun Cole, 22, was found dead in a Miami street last weekend. The midfielder is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver. Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful that Cole will play in the Petrofac Cup final.
Alan Smith suffered a broken leg and dislocated ankle during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit to Liverpool nine years ago. Reports circulated that Liverpool fans threw bottles and stones at the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the incident at Anfield. But Smith has rubbished the claims and insists it 'didn't happen' Manchester United lost 1-0 to Liverpool in the fifth round of the FA Cup in 2006.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson is out of contract at the end of the season. Celtic boss Ronny Deila is considering a £400,000 bid for the defender. Hearts owner Ann Budge insists the newly-promoted club have no need to sell. Virgil van Dijk, Jason Denayer and Zakaria Bakkali are all targets for the SPL champions.
Celtic lost 4-1 to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying last season. Ronny Deila says Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summers commitments.
Kevin de Bruyne has been linked with a move to Bayern Munich. Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben are out of contract at the Allianz Arena in 2017. De Bruyne is currently top of the Bundesliga's assist charts with 16. Ribery says the 23-year-old is the wrong type of player for Bayern under Pep Guardiola. Chelsea's Eden Hazard would be an ideal fit for Bayern, but'very expensive' Click here for more transfer news.
Davon Durant, a promising linebacker at Arizona State University, was arrested on domestic violence charges March 7. His girlfriend, Kelsi Langley, claimed he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car. Langley has now recanted her story, saying she lied out of'mood swings' She and civil rights leader Jarret Maupin accused local police and the media of falsely portraying Durant as a thug and Langley as a helpless victim.
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around' In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name.
Eden Hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country. He has missed just five games for Chelsea and been an ever-present in title charge. Hazard was substituted 62 minutes into Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel on Tuesday. The 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of Chelsea's games so far this season. Belgium boss Marc Wilmots said he had the impression Hazard was 'tired' after the game.
Would-be drug smugglers were roasted when police discovered marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb. The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory. It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north. Police said the sender would be 'feeling a little sheepish' after their attempt to smuggle the marijuana was sniffed out.
Clarke Carlisle says he has'moved out of marital home' with wife Gemma. Former Premier League defender says he is struggling with depression after suicide attempt. 35-year-old tried to kill himself in December after being arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. He stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64 near York in December, suffering cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee.
Andros Townsend came off the bench to score England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night. Paul Merson criticised the Tottenham winger's call-up to the England squad last week. The Arsenal legend said in his Sky Sports column: 'If Andros Townsend can get in (the England squad) then it opens it up for anybody' Townsend later tweeted: 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?'
Cesc Fabregas captained Spain in their 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday. The Spaniard struggled to make an impact in midfield as they lost in Amsterdam. Fabregas has had a poor run of form since his £30million move to Chelsea last summer. He has just four assists in 15 games for club and country so far this season. Thierry Henry holds the record for assists in a Premier League season with 20.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands. A 26-year-old man and a 23 year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held. They are currently being questioned at a police station in the area.
Retail therapy peaks today at 12.52pm, according to research by VoucherCodes.co.uk. Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, study claims. The shoppers of Swansea are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid, followed by those in Aberdeen and Belfast.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of homegrown players in a Premier League squad of 25 from eight to 12. Arsene Wenger believes that the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore. Wengers transfer record shows in his bid to save the Premier League from English mediocrity he has signed Tomas Danilevicius, Igor Stepanovs, Kaba Diawara, Sebastian Squillaci, Andre Santos, Park Chu-Young, Marouane Chamakh, Pascal Cygan, Philippe Senderos,
Charlie Austin signed for Queens Park Rangers in the summer. Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at the club and drove off without talking to him. The pair then became close friends and are now good friends. Austin is currently fourth in the highest goalscoring charts in the Premier League. QPR take on West Bromwich Albion on Saturday and Aston Villa on Tuesday.
The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius. He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear.
Juventus are 14 points clear at the top of Serie A with 10 games remaining. If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club. Massimiliano Allegri replaced Antonio Conte last summer. Roma host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday.
Bradley Johnson scored the only goal of the game in the 62nd minute at the Amex Stadium. Cameron Jerome was brought down by Gordon Greer in the area but his shot was saved by David Stockdale. Nathan Redmond made it 1-0 after six minutes for Norwich with a superb individual goal. Norwich manager Alex Neil has now won 11 of his last 16 games in charge of the club. Brighton are now 16th in the Championship, while Norwich are 11th.
For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years. In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes.
South Sydney hooker Issac Luke will be investigated by the NRL. The 27-year-old posted an offensive remark in response to attacks from Canterbury Bulldogs fans on Instagram. Luke had made a heartfelt appeal on his official Instagram account on Saturday in a bid to track down the young Rabbitohs fan who was allegedly attacked. He had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the Easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised.
A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The spine-tinging video was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria. Huntsman are a breed of spider notorious for their formidable size and speed. Their venom is not considered dangerous for humans.
Mauricio Pochettino has likened Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta. Pochettino played with the Argentina international team in the 2002 World Cup finals. Kane is nearing the 30-goal mark for Tottenham after an outstanding season. Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for England Under 21s at the European Championships.
Michael McIndoe played for Bristol City and Wolverhampton Wanderers. Lured fellow footballers into scheme promising 20 per cent returns. Scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and he was declared bankrupt. Footballer was known as 'Mr Big' in Marbella, where he partied with glamorous girls. He is now being chased through the courts by creditors. The 35-year-old told a hearing in London he was surviving on handouts.
Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed Barcelona are interested in Paul Pogba. Nedved insists the French midfielder will not be leaving the Turin club. The Czech star also admitted he was pleased Juventus avoided Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals. Pogba has been strongly linked with a move to Paris St Germain this summer. Manchester United, Manchester City and Chelsea are also interested in the midfielder.
James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night. Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance.
Neto's agent Stefano Castagna says Liverpool and PSG are interested in signing him. Liverpool were linked with a move for the Brazilian goalkeeper in January. The 25-year-old's contract at Fiorentina expires at the end of the season. Neto has been warned by Brazil coach Dunga not to join a club as a No 2.
Video shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. Police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash.
Sunderland host Newcastle United at the Stadium of Light (Sunday 4pm) Lee Cattermole will return to the starting line-up for the Black Cats. Newcastle defender Massadio Haidara will miss the derby after undergoing knee surgery. The Magpies have conceded nine goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season.
Rory McIlroy has released a video chronicling his life-long journey as a golfer. The video features an interview with the World No 1 as a youngster before he became a golfing superstar. McIlroy's implosion at the WGC Cadillac Championship when he threw his 3-iron in the lake out of sheer frustration is also touched upon in the video. 'There's always going to be highs and lows,' says the Northern Irishman.
Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012. The Spaniard is playing in this week's Shell Houston Open at the Golf Club of Houston. Garcia finished third 12 months ago but missed the cut at the Masters. Rory McIlroy is bidding for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam.
Lance Corporal Riki Hughes, 31, stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - but the team was getting its property free. Hughes spent the money on a stag trip to Las Vegas and camping equipment. The former soldier has been jailed for 16 months at Salisbury Crown Court.
Johnny Sexton has helped Racing Metro reach the knock-out stages of Europes elite event for the first time. Racing Metro face Saracens in the quarter-finals of the Champions Cup on Sunday. Sexton wants to win a medal with Racing Metro this season. The 29-year-old intends to return to Dublin in the summer after two years in France.
Mustafa Kamal has stepped down as ICC President. Kamal has accused India of influencing the outcome of a World Cup match. Bangladeshi criticised the umpires over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. ICC chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate'
Nigel Pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season. Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League, seven points from safety. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says he is 'his own man' Allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle United manager in 2007. The pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday.
Sunderland face Newcastle at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The Black Cats have won the last four meetings between the two sides. John O'Shea wants a fifth straight win against the Magpies to keep their fate in their own hands. If Burnley beat Tottenham they could find themselves in the relegation zone.
Stoke City host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (5.30pm kick-off) The Potters have lost all eight of their visits to Stamford Bridge since 2008. Stoke haven't claimed a point there since a 1-1 draw with Chelsea in 1984. Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea's home ground.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals. The Senegalese striker is serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans. Newcastle have a points-to-games ratio of 1.37 when Cisse plays but just 0.9 when he doesnt. Cisse has earned Magpies 11 points with his goalscoring heroics since September.
Lee Cattermole has missed the last two games through suspension. Dick Advocaat has confirmed that the midfielder will definitely start against Newcastle. The midfielder has missed a significant proportion of the campaign through injury. Sunderland are just a point clear of the relegation zone with eight games to play. Defender Wes Brown will miss the clash as he recovers from a knee injury.
UEFA confirmed their 'cash cycle' for next three years of European competition. Celtic earned £12.6m in 2013-14 when they faced AC Milan, Ajax and Barcelona. UEFA's increase in Champions League money gives Ronny Deila extra reasons to qualify.
Tottenham host Burnley at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday. Ben Davies will line up against his Wales team-mate Sam Vokes at Burnley. Vokes and Davies were both part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie. Davies says there will be no quarter given should he get the chance to face the Clarets. Spurs have lost just one of their last four games in all competitions. Mauricio Pochettino's side are currently fourth in the table, while Burnley are 18th.
Steve Thompson has been suspended by Leeds United until the end of the season. Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager at Elland Road. Leeds took two months to appoint Thompson but he was told of his suspension in a letter. The club say it is an 'internal matter' and will not comment further on the matter.
John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland. Newcastle have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals. Carver admits that Sunderland have out-worked Newcastle in the previous four derbies. Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as Sunderland boss on Sunday. The Magpies are currently mid-table in the Premier League and face relegation rivals.
David Templeton says Stuart McCall's methods are superior to Ally McCoist's and Kenny McDowall's. Templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement. Rangers face Championship title-winners Hearts at Ibrox on Saturday.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo after recovering from foot injury. Barcelona forward missed both of Argentina's friendlies during international break. Nolito says Messi should head to the beach rather than face his former club. Celta currently sit 10th in La Liga, four points behind leaders Barcelona.
Hearts have already secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership. Manager Robbie Neilson will not sell his players unless it is the right move for the club. Celtic have placed Danny Wilson on their list of potential summer recruits. Owner Ann Budge has set her sights on a top-six finish in the Premiership next season.
Raheem Sterling is currently on £35,000-a-week at Liverpool. Sam Allardyce does not blame Sterling for trying to get as much as possible. West Ham boss feels Sterling's new deal could lead to other Liverpool players wanting more. Allardyce was speaking ahead of West Ham's match with the Barclays Premier League's bottom-club Leicester City.
Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week. Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. He has never played in England but Blackpool could give him his first chance.
Tony Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer transfer market. West Brom finished 17th in the Premier League last season under Alan Irvine. Pulis said the club has 'gone off the rails' in the last two or three seasons. The Baggies host Queens Park Rangers at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Theo Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season. Arsene Wenger has only used him as a striker briefly. Ian Wright says it would be 'a shame' for Walcott to leave the club. Wright says he should have been moved into a striker's role like Thierry Henry. Walcott started up front for England against Italy on Tuesday.
Ross Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for Everton this season. The 21-year-old came off the bench during England's 1-1 draw with Italy. Roberto Martinez is backing Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England. Everton face Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday. Martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still the Toffees' only immediate target.
Sean O'Driscoll's team had to beat France to advance to the finals in Greece. Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet scored for the hosts in Saint-Lo. Fulham's Patrick Roberts scored a late consolation goal for the Young Lions. England will not be playing at the European Championships this summer.
Jonas Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three games. The Argentinian midfielder has returned from testicular cancer treatment. Gutierrez is hoping to make amends for recent derby disappointments against Sunderland. Newcastle have lost four games in a row against their arch-rivals at the Stadium of Light.
Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin has been taken to hospital with a suspected broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles. Referee Gerard Sutton slipped over as he attempted to dodge the missiles for cover. Two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the club has called for a life ban from all NRL fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack.
Kevin Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he switches codes. The 34-year-old will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract at the end of the season. Sinfield has guided Leeds Rhinos to six Super League titles, three World Club Challenges and the Challenge Cup.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool. The 20-year-old wideman admits he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. Championship club are the first to provide such training to its youth players. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
The clip was filmed by the creative agency Leo Burnett Toronto for the homeless charity Humans For Humans. Many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like, 'I hate the homeless, I dont feel sorry for you,' and 'I saw a homeless girl across the street. I almost vomited' In a separate video, the men and women respond to common misconceptions about people who sleep on the streets.
George Boyd is the Premier League's hardest working player this season. The Burnley winger has clocked up 210.5 miles on the pitch in less than 40 hours of playing time. Christian Eriksen is second on the list, 0.4 miles behind Boyd. Boyd is joined by team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in the top 10. Click here for more Premier League news.
Five-month-old baby found dead at home in Perry Barr, Birmingham yesterday. She was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later. Man, 25, and woman, 22, arrested by West Midlands Police on suspicion of murder. Post mortem due to take place today to establish exact cause of death.
Raheem Sterling has been offered a new £100,000-a-week contract by Liverpool. Negotiations have ended in a stalemate with the 20-year-old midfielder. Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal and leading clubs in Spain. PFA Chief Executive Gordon Taylor has defended Sterling for putting talks on hold.
Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn red card for off-the-ball shove. Neto retaliated by appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson in Porto Alegre clash. Anderson's Interacional team-mate Fabricio was also sent off for swearing at his own fans. Fabricio threw his shirt to the ground and shouted 'I'm leaving, I'm leaving' as he walked down the tunnel. The 28-year-old has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club.
Incident took place in Padma Nagar in Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai. The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape. Police are working to identify and catch the accused. A case has been registered under Sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012.
Dug the pug was hiking with his owner in Fontana, Canada, when he ran toward a rattlesnake and was bitten in the face. His face swelled to twice its size and he was rushed to the vet for treatment. After two days of round-the-clock IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home.
Jose Mourinho could return to manage Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa. The Chelsea manager left Madrid in 2013 amid reports of bust-ups with senior players. Arbeloa says Mourinho's work laid the groundwork for Carlo Ancelotti's Champions League win. He says Mourinho is 'happy and content' in London, having just won the Capital One Cup.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium of Light on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side are unlikely to finish in the top four. Mario Balotelli withdrew himself from the squad to face Arsenal after picking up a knock. Rodgers spent much of his press conference answering questions about Raheem Sterling's refusal to sign the new contract he has been offered.
Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw by Parma at the San Siro on Saturday. Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them into training on Sunday. The first team trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio. Mancini was furious with his side's attitude during the draw.
Paul Parker's old passport was listed on eBay for £5,000. The item was listed earlier in March and bidding ended on Tuesday. It is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted. Parker played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles at Old Trafford.
Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a scaffolding board. The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours. He said: 'It's the first time I've seen anything like this. I'm not a normally a religious guy but it is Easter'
Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory. The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute for his second international goal. It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993.
Karim Benzema posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time' The Real Madrid forward has scored 20 goals in all competitions so far this season. Real Madrid face Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday afternoon. Cristiano Ronaldo has won the last two Ballon d'Or awards.
Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to Ukip candidate fighting Fox in Somerset seat. Boulter is also spending another £30k to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat in Tonbridge and West Malling. Tugendhath's father is High Court judge who awarded Fox six-figure sum in damages. Fox resigned from Cabinet in 2011 after revealing close friend accompanied him on overseas trips.
Sergiu Bus opened the scoring for Sheffield Wednesday in the 86th minute. But Ishmael Miller equalised for Huddersfield just a minute from time. The Yorkshire derby clash ended in a 1-1 draw after both sides made double substitutions. Hudds have now lost six of their last seven games and are 18th in the table.
Stuart Dallas scored twice as Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. The 23-year-old has been on loan at Northampton this season. Brentford boss Mark Warburton says loan spells are key to a player's development. Dallas signed for Brentford three years ago on a mud bath for Crusaders.
A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county. The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South.
Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!'
'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood, who is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey. 'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said. Obama was also asked to cameo on the show by Netflix CEO Reed Hastings.
Ludovic Obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes of Caykur Rizespor's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The midfielder was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem. Caykur revealed on social media that the 30-year-old was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. There were fears that the Poland international had suffered a heart attack. Fenerbache went on to win the game 5-1 to go top of the Turkish Super Lig.
A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a head-on collision with a Toyota Kluger. The crash occurred on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney. Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. NSW police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision.
Residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws. Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs. This reckless behaviour has been reported on as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong. It has since spread to different parts of the province.
Tiger Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems. The 14-time major winner has won the Masters on four separate occasions. Woods has dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings for the first time in almost 19 years.
BBC spent licence fee payers' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis. Document was commissioned by executives who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media. Emojis are small digital images used to express an emotion, such as happiness or anger. Corporation used them during an 'Emoji Budget' article following George Osborne's statement last month. News piece used an emoji of two pint glasses clinking together to show that beer duty had been cut by 1p.
Moses Kipsiro is a regular training partner of British long-distance running legend Mo Farah. The 28-year-old is the 10,000m Commonwealth champion after defending his title in Glasgow last summer. Kipsiro raised allegations that a coach has been abusing female athletes, some as young as 15. Ugandan Athletics Federation deny the allegations but details of the story have appeared in a Ugandan newspaper.
Curacao beat Montserrat 4-3 on aggregate to progress to second round. Patrick Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. Kluivert was assistant to Louis van Gaal at the 2014 World Cup. The former Holland forward's mother is from Curacao.
Brady Eaves, 18, was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in Florida. He has been withdrawn from the University of Mississippi, where he was on a scholarship, and submitted for mental health tests. Sources close to Eaves described him as an 'animal lover' who has numerous pets including a raccoon and a parrot. His stepfather John Arthur Eaves Jr was the Democratic candidate in Mississippi's 2007 gubernatorial elections. Eaves Jr, a born-again Christian, lost and is now a pro-life lawyer.
Kumar Sangakkara retired from limited overs cricket on March 18. Sri Lanka lost to South Africa in the quarter final of the Cricket World Cup. Sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision. The 37-year-old scored 45 against South Africa to take his last World Cup tally to 541.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 win over Scarlets in Llanelli. The trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the Madejski Stadium clash with the Exiles. Fife returns to the right wing while the rest of the backline remains in place following last Saturday's victory in Wales.
Chris Ramsey has praised Tony Pulis ahead of QPR's clash with West Brom. Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR manager's job after Harry Redknapp's departure. But Ramsey says that he won't be looking to the former Crystal Palace boss for advice. QPR are 19th in the Premier League, four points adrift of safety in 17th.
Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her familys home last October. She travelled on Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany, to join Kurdish rebels. Ozcelik was then detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK from Germany. The teenager is due to enter pleas to the allegations on June 12.
Esteban Cambiasso won five Serie A titles at Inter Milan between 2005 and 2010. He also won the Champions League with the Italian side in 2010.ýFor me, it's like another cup,' he said of the prospect of beating relegation. Cambiasso joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City in the Premier League on Monday. Sergio Aguero's injury-time winner against QPR in 2012 sealed City's first title win. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand. Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match against City.
Hull City have applied to the FA to change their name to Hull Tigers. Owner Assem Allam has made a second attempt to change the club's name. The previous attempt was blocked by the FA council by 47 votes to 27. Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission.
Swansea City host Hull City at the Liberty Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Jefferson Montero will be assessed after suffering muscle strain against Mexico. Leon Britton and Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks. Tom Carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on England Under 21 duty. Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad. Gaston Ramirez fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.
John Bramblitt, 42, developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly caused him to lose his sight. At the age of 30 he was completely blind but decided he wanted to continue painting. The artist from Denton, Texas, uses a special technique to transfer his visions onto the canvas. He uses fabric paint with raised edges to sketch the outline of his work before filling in the gaps.
Chelsea host Stoke City at Stamford Bridge (Saturday 5.30pm) Diego Costa may not be risked following a hamstring injury. Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time. Marc Muniesa is set to return to the Potters' matchday squad after missing five games. Victor Moses will not be able to feature against his parent club due to his loan deal.
Rangers host Edinburgh club Hearts at Ibrox on Sunday. Rangers have lost three times to Edinburgh clubs in the Scottish Championship this season. Stuart McCall's side beat Hearts 2-0 at Easter Road 12 days ago. Hearts won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August, while Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and. 2-0 victories.
Celtic defeated St Mirren 1-0 in the SPL match in Paisley on Friday night. Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table. James Forrest was the man whose intervention broke Gary Teale's heart with a second half tap-in. Any realistic chance of an unlikely comeback was killed off when Stefan Johansen later converted from the penalty spot.
Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016. The 23-year-old has won 14 caps for New Zealand. Piutau can play full back, wing or centre. He made his Test debut against France two years ago.
Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah scored in Fiorentina's 2-0 win over Sampdoria. Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday. The result was Roma's first home win in over four months. Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help leaders Juventus beat Empoli. Inter Milan were denied their first win in five games in a draw with Parma.
Juventus maintained their 14-point lead at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 win over Empoli. Carlos Tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval and Roberto Pereyra added a second in stoppage time. Roma beat Napoli 1-0 thanks to a Miralem Pjanic's 15th-minute goal. Lazio clinched a seventh consecutive league win, 3-1 at 10-man Cagliari. Inter Milan were held to a 1-1 draw by rock-bottom Parma at the San Siro.
Kevin de Bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no deal has been agreed. Manchester City and Bayern Munich have been linked with a move for the midfielder. De Bruyne's agent Patrick De Koster says no deal is in place for him to leave Wolfsburg. The Belgian is one of the hottest prospects in European football this season.
Swansea are yet to pick up a point after an international break this season. Garry Monk's men have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12. The Swans are currently in eighth place with the club's best Barclays Premier League points total in sight.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side, Fort Lauderdale Strikers. The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker admits his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club. 'I would pay from my own pocket to sign Messi,' Ronaldo is reported as saying in Marca.
George North will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final. North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months. The Wales wing was on Wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. Wasps forward Nathan Hughes was sent off for dangerous play as North touched down.
Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the title. Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's men are six points clear of Manchester City with a game in hand. The Blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead, on goal difference, since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener back on August 18. Filipe Luis signed for £16million in the summer but has been largely kept out of the team.
Mohamed Diame has been out for more than four months with a knee injury. The £3.5m midfielder signed for Hull from West Ham in the summer. Hull travel to Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday. Steve Bruce is pleased to have Diame back ahead of the 'tickly bit' of the season.
Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid once his loan ends at Southampton. The Belgian defender has impressed on loan at the south coast this season. Atletico sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero says they are counting on him and Oliver Torres to return to La Liga next season.
Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines with ankle ligament damage. Swansea midfielder hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over Czech Republic. Carroll has made 18 appearances for the Swans after joining on season-long loan. Garry Monk awaiting scan results on Jefferson Montero, who suffered muscle strain.
Franck Ribery limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk with an injury last month. The Frenchman says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week. Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek. 'I can't even run. I tried last week and was in pain immediately,' he says.
Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since breaking his ankle. Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Javi Martinez and David Alaba are all out injured. Bayern Munich host Borussia Dortmund at the Allianz Arena Arena on Saturday. Lahm has made only two substitute appearances for Bayern since November 18.
Burnley host Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. Michael Duff has backed his manager Sean Dyche to become England boss. The 37-year-old defender has played in eight different divisions in his career. Dyche has led the Clarets to promotion from the Championship last season.
Harry Kane will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic. The Tottenham striker made his senior England debut last week against Italy. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the championships. Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane the green light to participate in the competition.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus from Real Madrid for £15.8million last summer. The 22-year-old has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season. Real have a buy back option on the forward but agent Beppe Bozzo says Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in rejoining the Spanish giants.
More than 30 Premiership and Championship games are set to be affected. All routes out of London Euston - the main west coast line - will be hit by disruption. There will be no trains for fans wanting to travel to the Reading versus Cardiff City match. Shadow transport minister Michael Dugher said ministers were 'out of touch' with fans. He said they failed to scrutinise the planned level of maintenance work.
Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in the west London derby at Craven Cottage on Saturday. Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead at half-time. Alan Judge, Jota and a sublime free-kick from Jota secured the win for the Bees. Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his side aren't yet safe from relegation.
Sky Sports' and BT Sport's TV allocation for the 2014-15 season revealed. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are standout games. The TV schedule for the final day of the season will be announced at a later date.
Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak. Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in Korean War. P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown by Scooter at air shows around the country.
Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS. The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras. OAS spent 591 million reais (around £126 million) on completely rebuilding the old Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. Several other stadiums have seen bigger crowds for concerts and religious events than for football and the ground in Cuiaba was closed.
13 US senators have written to FIFA president Sepp Blatter calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. 'Allowing Russia to host the World Cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the (Russian President Vladimir) Putin regime at a time when it should be condemned,' they wrote. England are interested in bidding for Euro 2028 but unlikely to bid for the 2026 World Cup.
Helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo. Thomaz Alckmin, son of the Sao Paulo governor, was one of the victims. It is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were also killed. Authorities are investigating the cause of the crash.
Jos Hooiveld's late strike earned Millwall a crucial 2-1 victory over Charlton on Good Friday. Magaye Gueye scored the equaliser in the 87th minute after Alou Diarra had given the Addicks the lead. Charlton had skipper Chris Solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball in the box. Stephen Henderson saved Lee Gregory's resulting penalty to keep the scores level.
The model credited with being the worlds first ever hatchback was the Renault 16 unveiled in April 1965. It accounts for two thirds of all new cars sold in Britain and a majority of those sold in most other markets from Europe to Japan and, increasingly, the US too. In the UK, seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks.
Juan Arango bit Jesus Zavala on the shoulder during Tijuana's 4-3 win over Monterrey. The Venezuelan midfielder bit his opponent in a moment of madness at the end of the game. Tijuana captain Arango has apologised for his actions after the match. He said: 'I did something I shouldn't have done, I got heated up, that isn't me'
Paul Merson had a dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley on Sunday. The Sky Sports pundit criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week. Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1. Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top five leagues. Nine teams in the Premier League have fewer goals than him this season. Ronaldo overtook Lionel Messi's record of 24 La Liga trebles with his hat-trick.
Roy Hodgson's side face Italy in a friendly at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday. Wayne Rooney will start in a central role while Daniel Sturridge plays up front. Michael Carrick is only now getting the international recognition he deserves. England are set up to score goals and win games by playing on the front foot. John Stones and Luke Shaw will really emerge over the next 12 months. The Three Lions are well on course to seal their spot at Euro 2016.
Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at Langtree Park. A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side. Hull took an early lead after forcing a repeat set from a fumbled high kick and then another from offside on the line. Jordan Rankin added the extras to make it 6-0 before Tommy Makinson and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored tries for the visitors.
Sergi Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was sacked on Sunday. Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches. Barjuan spent nine years at Barcelona as a defender and played in two World Cups for Spain.
With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. 'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others. Tens of thousands flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome.
England fans sang anti-IRA songs during Tuesday's 1-1 draw with Italy. There is no suggestion that the fans pictured in this image where involved in the chants. The FA attempted to defuse the situation by releasing a statement the following day apologising for the behaviour of a section of the England support Roy Hodgson is a football man and would rather not be answering questions about fans behaviour.
'John' posted the advert in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill. The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account. It has since gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by. Unfortunately for prospective lovers, John did not specify what the 'craft' referred to.
Henrik Larsson was forced to play 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson in goal. Helsinborg drew 0-0 with Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener on Saturday. Andersson kept a clean sheet in goal despite being almost 43 years old. The retired goalkeeper earned one cap for Sweden in 2001.
Ben Jones-Bishop scored a spectacular solo try as the Salford Red Devils ended a run of 17 defeats in a row by Wigan Warriors. Both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the Super League match. Weller Hauraki and John Bateman were sent off two minutes from time for trading punches after the pair had already been sin binned following an earlier flare up.
Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' in January 2014. Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and apologised. The Crystal Palace boss believes he could manage one of England's top sides.
Crystal Palace host Manchester City at Selhurst Park (Monday 8pm) Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injuries. Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint but Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns. Yaya Toure missed City's last game with achilles injury but is fit for Ivory Coast duty. Skipper Mile Jedinak is suspended for Palace, while James Milner could return for City.
Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with eight games to play. But Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title. Manchester City won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs. 'We've got some massive games; eight big games to reach a level that we need to reach,' insists Hart. Hart labelled Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon as a 'legend of the game'
Former All Black Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. The 34-year-old was arrested after Connacht's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester last night. He was questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff yesterday. Muliaina is accused of assaulting a woman in a crowded bar in Cardiff in March. His solicitor said he 'totally denies all the allegations' and has not been charged with anything.
QPR beat West Brom 4-1 on Saturday to end a five-game losing run. Chris Ramsey's side are now just three points adrift of safety in 19th place. The west London club face Aston Villa at Villa Park on Tuesday night. Ramsey will be coming up against friend and former colleague Tim Sherwood.
Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. On Thursday at Mission Hills in the first major championship of the year, Ko shot 71 to tie the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par set by Annika Sorenstam in 2004.
Arsene Wenger has hinted that Abou Diaby could have a future at Arsenal. Diaby has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the Emirates. The midfielder has suffered 42 injuries during his Arsenal career, keeping him out of action for a total of 226 weeks. Wenger also indicated he hoped to secure contract extensions for Mikel Arteta and Tomas Rosicky.
The Shell Houston Open is the last tournament before the Masters. Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are both missing from the field this week. Local boy Jordan Spieth and fellow American Phil Mickelson have been in impressive form. Spieth has risen to number four in the world and is in the top seven for the first time this season.
Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers at Villa Park (Tuesday 7.45pm) Tim Sherwood's side are without Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood. QPR are without Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young. Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer, Alejandro Faurlin and Darnell Furlong also out.
Kim Sei-Young leads ANA Inspiration by three shots going into final round. The South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition. American Stacy Lewis is second after she shot a 68 with six birdies and two bogeys. World No 1 Lydia Ko shot her second consecutive over-par score.
Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters. The former world No 1 has not played since February due to a back injury. Colin Montgomerie said it would be a 'disaster for everyone' if Woods limps out. Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years. He has won the Masters on four separate occasions, the last in 2005.
Luis Suarez and Daniel Sturridge scored 52 of Liverpool's 101 Premier League goals last season. Liverpool have scored 45 goals this season, compared to 84 at the same stage last term. Raheem Sterling, Jordan Henderson and Steven Gerrard have scored six goals each. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are joint top scorers in the Premier League with 19. Only Sunderland and Crystal Palace have players with fewer goals than Liverpool this season.
Serena Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets to reach Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 recorded her 700th career victory with a 7-6, 1-6 (6-3), 6-3 victory. Williams will face either Simona Halep or Sloane Stephens in the final. Andy Murray was presented with a cake after winning his 500th match on Wednesday.
Aljaz Bedene became British citizen on Tuesday after becoming a citizen of Slovenia. British No 1 Andy Murray says players should use it as motivation to get better. He says anyone questioning the move should work on their world ranking. Murray admits Bedene's stance threatens certain players position as he is on tour every week. James Ward, Kyle Edmund and Liam Broady should use the situation as motivation.
Sei Young Kim has a two-shot lead at the halfway stage of the ANA Inspiration. South Korea's Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a lead. Lydia Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to an end.
Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Crabbies Grand National at Aintree on Saturday week. Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner in the £1million race. But the champion trainer said it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading contender is being offered.
Novak Djokovic beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 to reach Miami Open quarter-finals. Reigning champion will face David Ferrer in the last eight after Spaniard beat Gilles Simon. Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also made it through to last eight of the event. Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams to reach the semi-finals of the women's event.
Newport Gwent Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 in the European Challenge Cup. Tries from Hallam Amos, Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory. Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues, while Anscombe added three conversions.
Police in Rhein Erft, Germany received a bizarre phone call about a kangaroo in a field. They initially dismissed the call and thought it was an April Fools joke. It wasn't until the caller provided'very believable' answers that they realised it was serious. Police found the kangaroos in the field and attempted to capture it with the help of the local fire department. The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms.
The Royal Children's Hospital's Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million. The massive effort foreshadowed the $16.8 million donated at last year's event. TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 in the quarter-finals of the Miami Open. The Spaniard will now face Andrea Petkovic in the semi-finals on Wednesday. Petkovic beat Czech Karolina Pliskova in straight sets in the other quarter-final.
Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League. Veteran seamer is still recovering from a broken ankle. Somerset director of cricket Matthew Maynard said the chance arose for him to take on a short-term coaching role at Delhi.
Bath host Leinster in Champions Cup quarter-final in Dublin on Saturday. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the Six Nations defeat by Ireland last month. Bath lost 19-9 to Ireland at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin in last month's Six Nations.
Andy Murray beat Dominic Thiem 3-6, 6-4 6-1 to reach the Miami Open semi finals. The world No 4 will play either Tomas Berdych or Juan Monaco in the last four. Aljaz Bedene will become British No 2 when he becomes eligible for the Davis Cup team. Murray believes his fellow British players should use it as motivation to improve.
Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent. The 22-year-old centre is being called up from the NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns. Bhullar will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Rangers have been de-listed from the London Stock Exchange. Chairman Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. Rangers will have to pay Newcastle £500,000 if they win promotion to the Premiership as part of the deal which saw them take five Magpies youngsters on loan in January. Stuart McCall does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs.
Moeen Ali injured himself during England's failed World Cup campaign. The off-spinning all-rounder is hoping to be fit for Worcestershire's first LV= County Championship match at home to title-holders Yorkshire on April 12. James Tredwell and Adil Rashid are the initial frontline spin options in the squad.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium. Hector Bellerin, Alexis Sanchez, Olivier Giroud and Mesut Ozil scored for the Gunners. Arsene Wenger's side have now won seven games in a row in all competitions. The Gunners are now seven points behind leaders Chelsea, who travel to the Emirates on April 26.
Michel Vorm is set to deputise in place of Hugo Lloris against Burnley. Lloris sustained a knee injury in Tottenham's 4-3 victory over Leicester. Vorm played in all of the Capital One Cup games except the final. Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the SPL on Good Friday night. Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit on the bench. Ronnie Deila has insisted on a strict diet regime for his players. The commentator on BT Sport asked if it was 'part of a footballer's healthy diet'
Porto have made a habit of selling players for huge profits since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004. The majority of these deals have involved South Americans. 19 of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in a deal worth £23million.
Lionel Messi was left out of both of Argentina's games during the international break with a swollen foot. He faces tests on Thursday to see if he will be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday. Barcelona are keeping tabs on Lazio midfielder Felipe Anderson, according to Mundo Deportivo. Jose Luis Gaya's rumoured £13.1million release clause could tempt Chelsea and Manchester City. Torino right back Matteo Darmian is linked with a move to Barcelona in Tuttosport. Radamel Falcao could return to Ligue 1
River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits 'the doors are open' to signing Radamel Falcao. Falcao spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009. The 29-year-old has struggled on loan at Manchester United this season. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Brendan Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16 and training with Reading youth team. The Liverpool manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him to give the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe a chance. Rodgers: 'I was a talented youth player in Northern Ireland. I was captain of the youth team and was then in the first team squad'
Golden State Warriors held off the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106. Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 for the Pacific Division champions. Brooklyn Nets beat Indiana Pacers to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the Eastern Conference. Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th NBA game and San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 95-81.
Jamie Carragher flew out to watch his son James play in the Mediterranean International Cup. The tournament features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. Carragher is a columnist for Sportsmail and a pundit for Sky Sports. Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon. The two sides are both struggling for survival at the bottom of the table. Newcastle boss John Carver is fighting to secure his job beyond the end of the season. Sunderlands boss Dick Advocaat is hoping to steer his side out of the relegation zone. Both sides have won just four points in their last six matches.
James Rodriguez will start against Granada on Sunday after recovering from injury. Carlo Ancelotti said Rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine and he will start' Rodriguez has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining Real Madrid in the summer.
Thiago came on for the first time in over a year against Borussia Dortmund. Bayern Munich beat Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Midfielder admitted it was an emotional moment and thanked the fans for their support. Thiago suffered a serious knee injury in March 2014 against Hoffenheim. Click here for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
Kevin Theophile-Catherine signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million. The 25-year-old has been on loan at St Etienne this season. St Etienne have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5m but want to see if there are other options before committing.
Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as Salford secured back-to-back wins. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe. Aaron Murphy's try set up a tense finish at the John Smith's Stadium.
Rangi Chase charged with making Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. Half-back could face up to eight-match ban after tackle on Brett Ferres. Salford beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form. Chase will appear before independent disciplinary tribunal on Wednesday.
Andros Townsend is currently on a high after his goal against Italy. The Tottenham winger has scored three goals in seven games for England. But he has started just three times in 21 Premier League starts for Spurs this season. How can a player of his ability be sent out to nine different clubs on loan by Spurs? Townsend has scored as many goals for England as he has in the Premier League.
Warrington Wolves lose 30-10 to Widnes Vikings in Cheshire derby. Game stopped for eight minutes after a flare thrown from the stand housing visiting fans. Widnes have won seven out of 10 games at Select Security Stadium this season. Warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009.
England drew 1-1 with Italy at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game. A technical issue with their plane meant they had to spend an extra night in Manchester. Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland all left to rejoin their clubs. Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport.
Dom Manfredi, Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook and Joe Burgess scored tries for Wigan. Wigan climbed up to third place in the First Utility Super League. It was a second successive defeat for St Helens, who began the season with six wins.
La Gazzetta dello Sport score England forward Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against Italy. Wayne Rooney, Andros Townsend and Ross Barkley receive seven out of ten. Italy manager Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle receive high praise. Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan. Barcelona have identified six candidates to replace Dani Alves.
Daryl Clark will lead the line for Warrington Wolves against former club Castleford Tigers. The England hooker left the Tigers at the end of last season. Warrington have won their last five home games against Castleford but they have dropped to seventh place after suffering a third consecutive defeat at Widnes.
Brendan Rodgers insists Raheem Sterling will be going nowhere this summer. Liverpool manager says he is'relaxed' about Sterling's stalled contract talks. Sterling said he is not yet ready to sign new £100,000-a-week contract with the club. Rodgers says Sterling just has to 'concentrate on his football' and'make mistakes' Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Joe Hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' Buffon won his 147th cap for Italy against England on Tuesday night. The 37-year-old goalkeeper claimed his 50th cap against England. Hart is 10 years younger than Buffon and is desperate to add to his 50 caps.
Graziano Pelle scored in Italy's 1-1 draw with England at Juventus Stadium. The 29-year-old has not scored in the Premier League for Southampton since December. Pelle scored his second international goal in his third cap against England. Southampton signed Pelle from Feyenoord for £9million in 2013.
Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down the Super Slide at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night. The 52-metre slide was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make it particularly slippery. A 22-year old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding and a 23-year woman broke her leg. Three of the contractors escaped without injury.
Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci scored two tries against Northampton. Nick Abendanon also scored a superb try for the French side. Northampton are out of the Champions Cup after the crushing defeat. The Saints lead the Aviva Premiership by 10 points at the top.
Zara, 33, pretended to pull husband Mike, 36, while posing for the cameras. Came during charity event to mark end of Rob Edmond's barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Personal trainer ran the entire way and rolled the barrel for up to 12 hours a day. Zara ran with Mr Edmond as he crossed the finish line at Help for Heroes charity centre.
Manuel Pellegrini admits Manchester City will have to buy young talent. The Premier League champions have failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata. Raheem Sterling would fit the bill and qualify as one of Greg Dyke's homegrown quota if his impasse at Liverpool proves unsolvable. City have also been linked with Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Everton's Ross Barkley.
National Union of Teachers expected to call for vote on industrial action this weekend. Ballot of 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September. Last time teachers went on strike was in July, when 21% of schools were forced to close.
Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from Borussia Dortmund with a 'great bid' But the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany. The former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder attracted interest from the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. Now 26, Sahin is back 'home' in Dortmund following an unsuccessful stint at Real Madrid.
Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. At 4.15am he allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind. She pepper sprayed him in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911.
Kevin Sinfield will join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Former Leeds and England coach Tony Smith admits he was shocked by Sinfield's decision. The 34-year-old is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points. Sinfield has never played rugby union but wants to play fly-half for Yorkshire Carnegie.
Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual. The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door. Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years.
The frisky male tortoise was pictured trying to mount a female at Kiev Zoo. But he lost his balance and ended up on his back in a patch of mud, unable to get up. The amusing moment was caught on camera by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko. He said: 'Seeing its face struggling in the mud was priceless, I always laugh out loud'
Farmer captures moment a duckling pecks at a lamb's head and neck. The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Duck begins to gently peck away at the lamb's face as a group of adult ducks pass. Owner says the behaviour is a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'
The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built in 1951. It was built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack. The building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the Cold War. Now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home, complete with a swimming pool, a stunning atrium and a glass staircase.
CCTV footage shows the thieves in action at the Shell fuel stop along Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. One man distracts a cashier at the window while another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the ATM. Once the cord is attached, the vehicle speeds off and uproots the ATM from its mount. Sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac.
Tyler MacNiven won the ninth season of The Amazing Race, and a $1million prize. He and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan are getting married on September 26, 2015. The couple made a three-minute video to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials. In the video, the two battle friends disguised as villains and escape from one very large explosion.
Peter Alliss, 84, said legislation designed to stop golf clubs discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women's membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times. But the Equality Act 2010 ruled that this was illegal discrimination. Women must now have equal access to the course and pay same membership rates as men.
The last four Premier League champions have all left their jobs by the following year. Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti, Roberto Mancini and Roberto Fergusson all left after winning the title. Manuel Pellegrini could become number five this summer after Manchester City's 2-1 defeat to Crystal Palace on Monday night.
MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day claiming that Arsenal captain Per Mertesacker would give a 'live' team talk this weekend. The story was a hoax and there was no basis of truth to it. Arsene Wenger and the assembled press were left bewildered by the story. Sportsmail revealed at midday on April 1 that the story was indeed a hoax.
Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Childrens Hospital on Wednesday. The Everton duo handed out Easter eggs to the young patients and their families. Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children. Everton face Southampton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Oscar posted a picture of him drinking from a bottle of sweets on his Instagram account. The Chelsea forward has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season. Oscar scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France in Paris. Juventus scouts were present at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action.
Carlisle United lost 3-1 at Accrington Stanley in League Two on Saturday. Manager Keith Curle has laid into his players following the defeat. He has suggested that some players 'don't deserve to be professionals' The Cumbrians are without a win in their last five games in all competitions.
Yaya Toure was part of a five-man wall when Jason Puncheon scored. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher said Toure ducked out of the way. Carragher was speaking on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football. Manchester City lost 2-0 against Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium. He did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled. The Reading fan is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. A decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order on April 30. Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he has no regrets about the incident.
Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter of him playing with his dog. The Arsenal playmaker posted the picture with the caption: 'Home Sweet Home' Ozil was in fine form as Germany beat Georgia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. He will be expected to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Lionel Messi should be fit for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo on Sunday. Gerard Pique is 'optimistic' about the fitness of the Argentina forward. Messi suffered a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month. Barca are four points clear at the top of La Liga with 10 games left to play.
Greg Dyke was given a Parmigiani watch by the Brazilian FA at the World Cup. The FA chairman initially refused to return it after being made aware of its value. FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the watch and has now closed proceedings on the matter. All of the watches will now be auctioned for a Brazilian charity.
Tyler Walker scored his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest against Brentford. The 18-year-old came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career. It took him level with a Forest legend of the same surname: his dad Des, a scorer just once in 408 games for the club. Walker made his debut in the final minute of Forests 2-0 win over Rotherham on March 18.
Peter Alliss said the BBC should have done more to secure the Open coverage. Veteran broadcaster also claimed gender equality laws have 'b***** up the game' The 84-year-old said that the BBC could not compete with Sky's deep pockets. He insisted he could not imagine working for Sky Sports as they 'looked different'
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. The crowd erupted into a standing ovation at the end of the performance.
David Luiz went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille with hamstring injury. The Brazilian defender was running away from a Marseille player, before being caught by a stray leg. Reports suggest he will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury.
John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. On Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks. The family learned that John had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence. After a call out for public sightings, John called his brother on Tuesday.
Noah Monte perfectly balances on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright. Noah apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was just one-month-old.
Lucy Garrod, 27, had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problems. But woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye, the size of a golf ball. She was given eye drops, which she used for a couple of days until the pain got worse. Tests showed she had a corneal abrasion, an ulcer caused by bacteria growing under her lens. Doctors said the ulcer was millimetres away from permanently blinding her. Feared she would not be able to complete the last year of her photography degree. So
The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure. March Madness is set to come to a close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium.
A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg, the infant can barely believe her eyes. When the first egg emerges she cries for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around. To date the video clip has been watched more than one million times.
The snowstorm engulfed the Kommunalnyi Bridge in Krasnoyarsk, Siberia. The video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud. It then grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the bridge. As it gets closer to the bridge, the visibility is reduced to next to zero.
Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack eye-mouth co-ordination skills. He was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. But despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw and bounces off his chest.
Loushanna Craig, 37, had gone to Tenerife with her husband Shawn for a three-day holiday. But her biometric ID card was stolen while they were on a trip to the volcanoes. She was meant to return to the UK on March 9 but she only arrived back on March 24. The mother-of-four, who has a Jamaican passport, has blamed Ryanair for the delay. Ryanair staff refused to let her fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant. A Home Office spokesman said the airline were right not to accept the ID card
Christopher Dodd and Fay Purdham used to play football together as boys. The pair lost touch as teenagers after Christopher moved away with his family. Fay, who was born Kevin, began her transition to become a woman at the age of 16. They reunited at Christopher's 21st birthday party and are now planning their wedding. Mr Dodd said he was 'gobsmacked' by her beauty and fell in love 'immediately'
Rory McIlroy is the bookies' favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National. The world No 1 is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam. Sir Nick Faldo was pictured giving the Northern Irishman a squeeze on the shoulder. McIlroy drew a huge crowd as patrons piled in to the famous Georgia course on Monday. Scottish amateur Bradley Neil had a taste of things to come as he practised with him.
Incident took place during a training session in Russia's Dmitrov district. The filmmaker followed three hot air balloons through the trees as they floated in the sky. As he approaches the balloon, the filmmaker captures it swaying in the wind. Suddenly the balloon begins to tear and the basket begins to plummet towards the ground. Within seconds the balloon appears to have disintegrated entirely and it begins to descend even quicker. Luckily all three passengers on board survive the accident.
Graeme McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts at Augusta. The Northern Irishman admits the long course does not suit his game. McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room. But the 35-year-old is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record.
Tiger Woods completed 11 holes of practice at Augusta National on Monday. The 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form. Woods has not won a major since the 2008 US Open and the last of his four Masters wins was a decade ago. He has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first.
Ricardo Moniz has been appointed as Notts County's new manager. The Dutchman has six games to save the Magpies from relegation to League Two. Notts County have been without a permanent manager since the departure of Shaun Derry on March 23. Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane.
Residents in Alderholt, Dorset woke on Sunday to find chocolate eggs on doorsteps. The Easter Bunny delivered eggs to every house in the picturesque village of 3,000 people. Residents described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness' 'It's very Vicar of Dibley! It's never happened before,' one local said.
Ben Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the traditional par-three tournament. Palmer is unable to play because of a shoulder problem but will be an honorary starter. Crenshaw's appearance will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters. Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus will also act as honorary starters.
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions. Paul Hartley's side face Dundee United at Dens Park on Wednesday night. United are without a win in three matches, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa take on Chris Ramsey's QPR on Tuesday night. Ramsey has vowed to make contact with his friend Sherwood ahead of the game. Villa boss says he will give Ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him. Sherwood insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus of keeping Villa in the division.
Tomas Berdych defeated Juan Monaco 6-3, 6-4 in the Miami Open quarter-finals. The Czech will face Andy Murray in a rematch of their Australian Open semi-final. Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu and has recently started working with Brit's former fitness trainer Jez Green.
Roger Federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The world No 2 opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year as the 33-year-old aims to maintain his fitness. Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Exeter Chiefs defeated Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in European Challenge Cup quarter-final. Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park. Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm scored tries for the hosts. Exeter will face Gloucester in the semi-finals at Kingsholm in two weeks' time.
Lewis Ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls' yard. The 18-year-old was riding Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday. His double somersault horror fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. Ferguson was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal.
The two-metre long reptile balances at the top of a pole while swallowing its prey. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute. Goannas can unhinge their jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugbys salary caps rules as a farce The north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches. The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens mounting debt has topped £40m  the most in rugby history. Wage bill has jumped more than 50 per cent in three years.
Liam Plunkett is fighting for a place in the England Test side. The 29-year-old has recovered from a minor ankle complaint. England play a warm-up game against St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI. James Anderson and Stuart Broad are likely to retain new ball duties.
Martin Guptill has been recalled to New Zealand Test squad. Guptill smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup. Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time. James Neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury. New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori.
Jonathan Trott has been in fine form for Warwickshire and deserves his call-up. Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return. The 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane but also scoring runs needed to demand a recall.
Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago. Trott left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba. The Warwickshire batsman struggled with what was initially labelled a'stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. Cook was concerned that would be the end of his Three Lions days.
Yorkshire's Barney Gibson has retired from cricket at the age of 19. The wicketkeeper made his debut against Durham University in 2011. That match proved to be his only appearance at senior level. Gibson said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from the sport.
The FIA-backed WEC have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races. The decision is seen as a progressive one by those seeking equality in a male-dominated sport. Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision.
Jonathan Trott returns to England set-up for first time since Ashes tour break. Batsman has impressed for Warwickshire and England Lions since returning. Dr Steve Peters worked with batsman and gave him the tools to return to game. Peters has worked with Ronnie O'Sullivan, Liverpool FC and England cycling team.
Moises Henriques will join Surrey after the Indian Premier League season. The Australian all-rounder will be available as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara. Henriques is capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes. He said: 'I'm really looking forward to playing for Surrey this season'
British gymnast Louis Smith won a silver and bronze medal at London 2012. Smith has been named in the squad for the European Championships in Montpellier. It will be the first time he has represented Great Britain since his Olympic performances. The European championships take place between April 15 and 19. Click here for more Commonwealth Games news.
John Higgins defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the China Open. Higgins will face defending champion Ding Junhui in the last eight in Beijing. Mark Selby was also a 5-2 winner over David Gilbert in a low-quality clash. Masters champion Shaun Murphy beat Jamie Jones 5-3.
West Brom host Queens Park Rangers at Hawthorns (Saturday 3pm) Craig Dawson suspended for Baggies after red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley against Manchester City. Ben Foster ruled out for six months with damaged knee ligaments. QPR have lost 17 of their last 19 Premier League away matches (W1 D1 L17)
Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. Daryl Janmaat limped off in the warm-up, but was replaced by Patrick van Aanholt. Jack Colback was not protected from the home fans' ire, who jeered him every time he took a throw-in.
Leicester City host West Ham United at the King Power Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Foxes defender Matt Upson is out with achilles problem and will not be risked. Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after playing in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday. Winston Reid could feature for West Ham after recovering from hamstring injury. Andy Carroll, Andy Carroll, James Tomkins and Doneil Henry will all miss out for Hammers. Enner Valencia back in training but Sam Allardyce believes game will come too soon for Ecuadorian. Leicester have won
Kevin Pietersen signed a new contract with Surrey last month. He is hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in LV= County Championship. Pietersen is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013, against Glamorgan on April 19. But before then, he intends to turn out against Oxford MCCU in a three-day match starting on April 12.
Borussia Dortmund host Bayern Munich in Saturday's Der Klassiker at Signal Iduna Park. The fierce rivalry between the two sides has dominated German football for much of the past decade. But the two teams are now separated by nine Bundesliga places and 31 points. A Dortmund win would make a little dent in Bayern's 10-point lead but isn't likely to derail their serene progress to retaining the shield. It would, however, boost their hopes of qualifying for Europe by finishing in the top six. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 after a 3-1 win at Guingamp on Saturday. Nabil Fekir and Alexandre Lacazette scored in the comfortable victory. It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain. Metz gave themselves at least some hope of staying up as Modibo Maiga scored hat-trick. Nice and Evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival.
Miralem Pjanic scored in the 25th minute to end Roma's four-month winless streak at home. Roma keeper Morgan de Sanctis was excellent to deny Napoli in the second half. Napoli's winless run extended to five matches and they remain fifth in Serie A. It was the first visit to the Stadio Olimpico since a fan of the southern club died.
Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' 2-1 win against Hearts. McCulloch was shown a straight red card for fouling Osman Sow. Stuart McCall says McCulloch apologised to him as well as the players. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the Gers at Ibrox.
Rangers face Hearts at Ibrox in the Scottish Championship on Sunday. David Templeton will be part of a guard of honour to recognise the outstanding Championship success of his former club. Hearts romped to the title with seven games to spare and currently sit 26 points in front of a Rangers side fighting to finish as best of the rest. Templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 in La Liga clash at the Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo (five), Karim Benzema (two), Gareth Bale and a Diego Mainz own goal secure a huge win. Robert Ibanez scored Granada's consolation. Real Madrid XI: Casillas, Carvajal, Pepe, Ramos, Marcelo, Kroos, Ramos (c), Kroos), Ramos, Benzema, Bale, Rodriguez, Hernandez, Ronaldo, Gareth Bale. Granada XI: Oier Olazabal, Brede Hangeland,
Torpedo Moscow beat Arsenal Tula 3-1 in Russian Premier League on Sunday. Match was stopped for seven minutes after Torpedo fans broke down barriers and threw chairs. Sergei Cheban, executive director of the Russian Football Premier League, said Torpedos could expect to be heavily punished for this latest outbreak of violence by their fans.
West Ham currently sit ninth in the Barclays Premier League table. Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League. England currently sit third and West Ham are top of the Fair Play table.
David Meyler is confident Hull will hang on to their Premier League status. The Tigers are currently 15th in the table, three points off the relegation zone. Hull face Swansea at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday in the Premier League. Meyler says his side are not going to go down despite their recent poor form.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday (12.45pm) Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park at 3pm. Manchester United face Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor on Sunday (1.30pm)
Carlo Ancelotti will have to choose between Isco or Rodriguez for starting XI. James Rodriguez is the favourite to start at the Bernabeu due to his impressive stats. Corriere dello Sport report on the internal struggles at fallen giants Inter Milan. PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille is an indictment at the improvement of Ligue 1, says L'Equipe.
Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford (Saturday 3pm) Robin van Persie ruled out of the game with an ankle injury. Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem but Chris Smalling is a doubt. Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City. Kolo Toure has warned his team-mate that leaving Liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club. Toure compared Sterling's situation with that of Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair. Rodwell joined Sunderland for £10m and Sinclair moved to City for £8m. Both players struggled to break into Manchester City's first team and made just
Everton lead the table with three wins from three following the international break. Champions-elect Chelsea have won all three of their matches after the international period. Six Premier League clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season. Liverpool have a significantly worse record than in overall form following international breaks. Manchester United and Manchester City are the only unbeaten sides.
It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby. Bookies aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile. The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend.
Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots' side on top spot because of a superior goal difference. Wales are in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window. Asmir Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs. Hughes wants to tie the goalkeeper down to a new deal at the Britannia Stadium. Stoke missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window.
Raheem Sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. Sterling has been linked with a move to Arsenal - the team he is preparing to face at the weekend. Live4Liverpool blogger David Tyrer gives his view on the situation. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Raheem Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week. The 20-year-old has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona. Sterling says he wants to finish out the season before considering any more offers. England winger says he is happy at Liverpool and wants to win trophies.
Ludogorets beat CSKA Sofia 4-0 in their UEFA Champions League clash. Cosmin Moti made a kung-fu style tackle on Stefan Nikolic in the first half. The Bulgarian defender connected cleanly with the forward's rib cage. However, the referee waved play on and Moti was not sent off.
Raheem Sterling has turned down a new deal with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has put off contract talks until the summer. Sterling's current £35,000-a-week deal at Liverpool has two years to run. Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Brendan Rodgers says Raheem Sterling will not be going anywhere this summer. Sterling revealed in a TV interview that he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been offered a new £100,000-a-week deal to stay at Anfield. Rodgers says he is'relaxed' about his contract situation and that Liverpool are a'superpower' of world football and don't have to sell their best players. He did admit, however, that Sterling's interview was conducted without the prior consent of the club and '
Bojan Krkic is recovering from a serious knee injury which ended his season. The Stoke striker has been keeping a close eye on the Premier League. Sportsmail spent two days with Bojan in Barcelona as he recovers from the injury. Booman has picked his Premier League team of the season and picks David de Gea, Alexis Sanchez, Steven Nzonzi and John Terry.
Ben Hiscox, 30, was playing for Stoke Gifford United in Bristol on Saturday. Slid off pitch after being tackled and slammed his head on clubhouse wall. Striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for treatment. But, three days later, he suffered two seizures and died in hospital. His team-mates went on to secure a 4-1 victory over Mangotsfields Sports. Tributes have flooded in for Mr Hiscox who was described as a 'total legend'
Brian O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an HSBC ambassador. His wife Amy Huberman posted a picture of him crowd surfing on social media. She joked that he had better get a Toblerone from duty free while he's in the city. The Irish rugby legend returned home with the requested chocolate bar.
Raheem Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay on Merseyside. Sterling says he would have signed a less lucrative deal at this stage last year. Liverpool are infuriated by Sterling's decision to give the interview without even telling them. Brendan Rodgers will address Sterling's comments at his press conference on Friday.
Brendan Rodgers insists Raheem Sterling will still be a Liverpool player next season. The 20-year-old has turned down a new £100,000-a-week deal and put off talks until the summer. Sterling started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at Arsenal despite going public about his future. Rodgers believes Sterling can fulfill his potential at Anfield over the next few years. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Arsene Wenger reveals he agonises over his starting line-up all week. Arsenal boss has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996. Wenger says he always has eight or nine players in his head the day before the game. The Frenchman has won three Premier League titles and five FA Cups at Arsenal.
Former South Africa striker Richard Henyekane killed in a car crash on Tuesday morning. Henyekane was on loan at Free State Stars from Pretoria-based Mamelodi Sundowns. The 31-year-old made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009. South Africa has a poor road safety record.
Darren Bent is currently on loan at Championship promotion-chasing Derby. The 31-year-old's contract at Villa expires at the end of the season. Former England striker has opened the door on a return to Villa Park in the summer. Bent also praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur. Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons.
Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in a friendly international in New Jersey. Javier Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute at MetLife Stadium. Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for the South Americans. Miller Bolanos equalised for the away side in the 24th minute.
Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. Knox answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round on Friday. The two biggest names at the Masters have gone to the same Augusta club member to help them realise their dreams. McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta.
Danny Lennon has left his role as interim Scotland Under 21 manager. The former St Mirren boss is set to take over at Alloa Athletic. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7. Lennon led Scotland to a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month.
JB Holmes won the Shell Houston Open after two play-off holes. Overnight leader Jordan Spieth was eliminated on the first hole. Holmes stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start, carding a 64. Spieth saw his overnight lead evaporate before he was even on the course. Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out on the second hole to miss out on victory.
Kelvin Day is playing in his first PGA Tour event. He is three shots off the lead at the Shell Houston Open. Day is in with a chance of qualifying for the Masters. Jordan Spieth leads the way on 14 under par. Phil Mickelson is one shot off the pace.
First Utility and League Weekly shortlist five players for Player of the Month award. Fans will be able to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague. As they cast their vote, each fan will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky winner getting the chance to present the trophy to the selected player. The players considered for this month's award have been revealed in Monday's League Weekly.
Phil Mickelson followed his opening 66 with a 67 at the Houston Open. The American is one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam going into the third round. Tiger Woods confirmed he will be back at The Masters next week. Woods reportedly shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday. He reportedly had a return of the dreaded chipping yips.
Danny Willett aiming to become first debutant to win The Masters since Fuzzy Zoeller in 1979. Yorkshireman finished joint 12th at last month's WGC-Cadillac Championship. Willett is renting two houses in Augusta with his wife and family for the week. The 27-year-old insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first Major of 2015.
Michael Carrick has played for England for 13 years, 310 days. Sir Stanley Matthews reached 22 years, 228 days with 54 caps between 1934 and 1957. Carrick made his England debut against Mexico in May 2001 as a teenager with West Ham United. The 33-year-old could become the first non-goalkeeper since Sir Stanley to have an international career spanning more than 15 years. If he continues to play in the next European Championship he will overtake Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard too.
Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested. Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to produce English talent.
FA chairman Greg Dyke wants to increase the number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12. Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke. The former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission.
Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kane's involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech Republic. But Spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the clubs PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia.
Theo Walcott was substituted after 55 minutes of England's 1-1 draw with Italy. Arsene Wenger admits he is concerned by the Gunners winger's confidence. Walcott has struggled for game time since returning from a long-term lay-off. The 26-year-old could face Liverpool on Saturday with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain out and Danny Welbeck a major doubt.
Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Raheem Sterling. Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old is 'going nowhere' this summer. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by claiming he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract. The wideman also admitted he is 'quite flattered' by interest from Arsenal.
The dog was found in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. He needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade. Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is on the road to recovery.
Sir Alex Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Manchester United hotseat between 1986-2013. The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71. Ferguson's honours include 13 Premier League titles - with his last coming in his final season in 2013.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new contract worth £100,000-a-week. The 20-year-old was named Liverpool's Young Player of the Year for 2013-14. Sterling is expected to start for Liverpool when they take on Arsenal on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. Owen, Gerrard, Robbie Fowler and Steve McManaman were all high achievers from an early age.
David Luiz was forced off injured during PSG's 2-0 win over Marseille on Sunday. The Brazilian defender suffered a hamstring injury in the first-half of the game. He will now miss the Champions League quarter-final clash with Barcelona. PSG could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old.
Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim. In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account.
Sam Tomkins will leave New Zealand Warriors at the end of the season. The 26-year-old England full-back is keen to return to his former club Wigan Warriors. Wigan have an option to re-sign Tomkins on a 'defined salary' on his return to Super League. Tomkins joined the Warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000. New Zealand Warriors have signed Kiwi international Roger Tuivasa-Sheck.
Neil Phillips was England's team doctor at the 1966 World Cup. He was promoted from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the tournament. Phillips was also with England for the defence of the Jules Rimet trophy in 1974. A service of thanksgiving will take place on Wednesday April 8 in his home town of Malvern.
Fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves. 'I had to borrow this from a friend who just had a baby. A few minutes ago, I saw a guy actually loading film into his camera. Now that's old school,' one fan said.
Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, with 1.7 per household. Laptops are second, followed by tablets - with four in 10 owning two of the latter. YouGov poll of more than 2,000 consumers found 11 per cent own three or more devices. Digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion in the last year, according to the Internet Advertising Bureau.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of the Manchester derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Referee has sent off three players from United and City this season. Vincent Kompany was sent off during Belgium's 1-0 defeat of Israel on March 31. Clattenburg has shown only two red cards this season, both to United players.
Adam McBurney was not at his home in County Antrim, Northern Ireland when it was targeted on Easter Sunday. Bullets tore through the windows and embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls. Police are appealing for witnesses and said the incident had 'criminal elements' Officers also said a red Honda Accord car, which is believed to have been involved in the incident, was found burnt-out in a nearby road shortly after the attack. Neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property.
TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight. Her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her and it was the 'last straw' The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online. Oldfield said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 2-0 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Juan Mata has been in fine form during United's five game winning run. The 26-year-old says United need to look at the next seven games as 'finals' Louis van Gaal's side can't afford to slip-up in the final seven Premier League games.
Francis Bakvis found a dead python which contained the remains of his family cat Tiger. The 16-year-old cat had been missing from his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, for three days. Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there. He believed the python had struggled to properly swallow the cat and died as a result.
Momin Hopur, a Uighur celebrity chef, spent five hours cooking the camel at the annual Apricot Tourism Festival last week in Yining County in north Xinjiang. The feast was prepared by the fourth-generation grill master and local celebrity chef. Hundreds of long-awaited customers queued to buy the roast, which was made with a marinade that included eggs, flour and 36 herbs.
Radamel Falcao and Sergio Aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors Puma. Manchester City host Manchester United in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford. The South American duo battle it out in a cage-style encounter in the video. United take the lead when Falcaco scores a header before Aguero levels the score. But the Red Devils have the last laugh as the striker scores a late equaliser to level the scoreline.
Dayna Dobias, 19, from Downers Grove, Illinois, was born with cerebral palsy. She hopes to change the way people with disabilities are represented by the television, film and the fashion industry. 'I might do things a little bit differently than most people, but that doesn't mean that I should be treated differently,' she says.
23-month-old girl died after her father struck her with a pickup truck. Police were called to the scene in the North Las Vegas neighborhood at about 11.30am on Thursday. Father, 24, and other family members inside did not know that the toddler had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway, police said. The incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed.
Lydia Kelm, 23, was arrested for driving under the influence after she allegedly caused a scene at a McDonald's drive-through while wearing nothing but a bra and panties, police say. Police say she revved her engine loudly and backed up twice, prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward. She'seemed to be confused, lethargic' and 'had slurred speech,' an arrest affidavit states. Kelm said she had three beers, but a sobriety test indicated that her blood-alcohol level was.247 -- three times the legal limit.
Travis Hatfield, 21, from Gilbert, West Virginia sung a George Jones hit to his 47-year-old uncle, Jamie Joe Cline. The video of the two of them playing music together and singing He Stopped Loving Her Today has gone viral with more than 410,000 views so far. 'He is a big part in my life and I don't know what I would do without him,' wrote Travis on his Facebook page.
Sepp Blatter is seeking re-election as FIFA president on May 29. FIFA presidential candidate Luis Figo does not believe all 54 African votes will go to Blatter. Former Portugal international Figo is in Egypt at the CAF Congress to canvass for votes. Blatter has received the backing of African football's president Issa Hayatou. CLICK HERE for all the latest FIFA news.
Dashcam footage, shared by dailymotion.com user Vidsking, shows a giant St. Bernard running across a road somewhere in the Czech Republic with a child trailing behind. It appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion, with the young boy going along the ground on his belly with his legs stretched out behind.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. The 30-year-old has now scored 36 goals in La Liga so far this season. Ronaldo will be up against Rayo Vallecano striker Alberto Bueno on Wednesday. In Italy, the reaction from Juventus' 3-0 Coppa Italia semi-final win over Fiorentina continues. Edinson Cavani has been offered to AC Milan, according to Italian press.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure after a disappointing season for the champions. Vincent Kompany believes that a win against rivals United will help rectify their season. The City captain says that a strong finish will be key for them next season.
Aston Villa rescued a point against Queens Park Rangers with a 3-3 draw. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for Tim Sherwood's side. Charlie Austin had given QPR the lead with 12 minutes of the game remaining. Benteke equalised with a deflected shot before putting Villa ahead with a cool finish. Clint Hill levelled the game with a header before Austin's late strike.
Bradley Neil won the Amateur Championship at Royal Portrush last year. The 19-year-old has been invited to the Masters and US Open in 2015. World No 1 Rory McIlroy has tipped him to be a success on the PGA Tour.
Passengers face up to three days of disruption over strike by French air traffic controllers. EasyJet, Ryanair, Flybe and BA among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights. Passengers travelling abroad by ferry or Eurotunnel face queues as exit checks are introduced. Walkout by Frances biggest controllers union SNCTA will begin at 5am today.
The NYPD released the video Tuesday, along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her. The video shows a man dressed in a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants dragging the limp body of a woman from the backseat of a car at around 12.30am Saturday. After making sure no one is watching, the man props the woman against the wall of a nearby building, but without his support she slumps to the ground face first.
Kevin Pietersen has been linked with a return to the England side. Peter Moores and Alastair Cook have fended off repeated enquiries about Pietersen's future. Colin Graves has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the England team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever. Graves has become the loose cannon of English cricket.
Andy Murray faces Tomas Berdych in the semi-final of the Miami Open. The Czech world No 9 is the man Murray beat in the Australian Open semi-finals. Fitness trainer Jez Green and coach Danny Vallverdu left Murray's team to work with the Czech. Murray's fiancee Kim Sears was caught shouting expletives at the Czech in Melbourne.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza shop in Toukley on the Central Coast, NSW on Easter Monday. He was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died. A 20-year-old man, Bradley James Brooks, was arrested and charged with murder. Police are investigating whether an earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack. Family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going to festivals.
John Isner beat Kei Nishikori 6-4, 6-3 in straight sets to reach Miami Open semis. Isner is the first American to reach the last four in Miami since 2011. He'll next play either Novak Djokovic or David Ferrer in the final on Friday night. Andy Murray takes on Tomas Berdych in the other semi final in Key Biscayne.
Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. The Red Devils are third in the table, one point ahead of their rivals with seven games remaining. Phil Jones hopes United can continue their run of five consecutive league wins. Manchester City vs Manchester United team news, match stats, probable line ups, odds and more.
Carla Suarez Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic 6-3,6-3 in the semi-finals of the Miami Open. The 12th seed didn't face a single break point in her semi-final win on Thursday. Suarez Navarro will play either Serena Williams or Simona Halep in Saturday's final. It's the eighth time that the Spaniard has reached a WTA final in her career.
Lewis Ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at Wincanton. The 18-year-old has just a cut on his nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. Fergusons spectacular double somersault fall has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online.
Rory McIlroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam with a Masters win. The Northern Irishman leads the field by one shot going into the final round. Tiger Woods' return to competitive action has taken some of the spotlight off the world No 1. McIlroy has recorded just one top-10 finish in six previous appearances at Augusta National.
Shutthefrontdoor is favourite for the Crabbie's Grand National on April 11. Jonjo O'Neill hopes jockey AP McCoy rides him to victory at Aintree. McCoy is about to gain his 20th consecutive jockeys' championship and retire. The Grand National will be McCoy's last-ever race at the famous venue.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in the Champions Cup quarter-final. Marcelo Bosch kicked the winning penalty with 10 seconds left on the clock. Sarries will face Clermont in the semi-finals in St Etienne in two weeks.
Matt Prior has not played since July due to an achilles injury. Sussex head coach Mark Robinson says wicketkeeper is out 'indefinitely' Prior admitted he may never play Test cricket again after his injury last summer. The 33-year-old said he could have played his last game for England. Prior lost his England place to Jos Buttler and has been out since July.
Mark Selby beat Gary Wilson 10-2 in the Baic Motor China Open final. World No 1 Selby dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim his sixth ranking title. The 31-year-old won the first three frames before Wilson fought back with a break of 91. Selby won the next two before firing a tournament high break of 145 on the way to a 9-1 lead.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 92 26-17 in Champions Cup quarter-final outside Paris. Marcelo Bosch kicked the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch Saracens a semi-final berth. Max Machenaud scored the only try of the game for Racing in the first half. Charlie Hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match to give Sarries a 3-0 lead. Alex Goode and Bosch added two more penalties to secure the win for Sarries.
Ki Sung-Yueng opened the scoring for Swansea after 18 minutes with a brilliant solo effort. Bafetimbi Gomis doubled the home side's lead shortly before half-time with a spectacular overhead kick. Paul McShane pulled a goal back for Hull five minutes into the second half when he pounced in the six-yard box. Hull defender David Meyler was sent off for fouling Kyle Naughton just two minutes later. Gomis grabbed his second of the match after chipping in to make sure of the three points in stoppage time.
Wisconsin ended Kentucky's bid to become the first college basketball team to remain undefeated in nearly 40 years. The Badgers beat the Wildcats 71-64 behind 20 points and 11 rebounds from Frank Kaminsky. Wisconsin will play Duke, an 81-61 winner over Michigan State in the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on Monday night.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham Hotspur against Burnley at Turf Moor. Kane became the youngest Premier League player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days. Mauricio Pochettino admitted after the match that securing a top-four place in the Champions League would now be difficult. Tottenham striker Kane failed to score a single shot on target during the match. The last time he failed to hit a Premier League goal in the Premier League was on December 6 against Crystal Palace.
Tom Daley hopes his new 'firework' dive can help him win Olympic gold at Rio 2016. The 20-year-old has spent the winter modifying the dive with his new coach Jane Figueiredo. Daley spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights. He will be the star attraction at next month's FINA Diving World Series in London.
Ryuichi Kiyonari bettered the Donington Park lap record to take put his Buildbase BMW on to pole start for the Easter Monday opening round. The Japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds. Defending champion Shane Byrne, despite hand and ankle injuries he suffered last month during testing Spain, completed the front row of the grid aboard the PBM Kawasaki.
Esteban Cambiasso says keeping Leicester in the Premier League would be like winning a trophy. The Foxes are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table. Nigel Pearson's men face West Ham United at Upton Park on Saturday. Cambiasso is happy in the East Midlands and could stay beyond his current one-year deal.
Sportsmail has teamed up with Gillette to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a pair of Joe Hart boots signed by Manchester City and England goalkeeper Joe Hart. The lucky prize winner will also receive a Gillette Fusion ProGlide razor and shaving foam. Hart is a brand ambassador for Gillette and is an ambassador for the brand. Click here to enter the competition.
Graziano Pelle has not scored in the Premier League since December 20. The 29-year-old scored against England in a 1-1 friendly draw on Tuesday. Pelle has thanked Southampton fans for their support during his lean spell. Ronald Koeman has backed Pelle to go on a run in the final eight games.
Stuart McCall says he was warned by Walter Smith not to take the Rangers job. But the former Scotland international is pleased he took the risk in the end. Rangers are second in the Scottish Championship after Sunday's 2-1 win over Hearts. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored the goals at Ibrox. The Gers take on Queen of the South at Palmerston on Thursday.
Vincent Duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury. The France international suffered a ruptured tendon in the Dragons' 33-22 defeat at Hull FC on March 20 which requires surgery. 'The news is a hugely disappointing blow for the player and the whole team,' said Catalans head coach Laurent Frayssinous.
Roy Keane gave a bizarre team talk to his Sunderland players in 2007-08 season. Former Manchester United midfielder told them to 'just enjoy being s***' Danny Higginbotham scored in Sunderland's 1-1 draw with Aston Villa that day. Keane is now part of Martin O'Neill's backroom staff at the Republic of Ireland.
Manchester City have not won a Premier League game having trailed at half-time in almost 20 years. Manuel Pellegrini's side trailed Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The last time Man City won after trailing at half time was against Blackburn Rovers in April 1995. Keith Curle, Uwe Rosler and Paul Walsh scored as City won 3-2 at Ewood Park. City had the second oldest starting XI in the Premier League this weekend.
Memphis Grizzlies moved into a tie for the second seed in the NBA's Southwest Division with a 100-92 win over Oklahoma City Thunder. San Antonio Spurs stayed within two games of that fight over the No 2 playoff seed by routing Denver 123-93. Brooklyn Nets extended their winning streak with a 114-109 win against Toronto. Chicago Bulls beat Detroit Pistons 88-82 as they fought their way ahead of the Toronto Raptors. Milwaukee Bucks beat Boston Celtics 110-101 to dent their playoff hopes.
Tiger Woods was pictured giving his children Charlie and Sam hugs during the second day of practice at Augusta National Golf Club. He was joined on the course by long-term girlfriend Lindsey Vonn. The former World No1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries and rediscover his form.
Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. Pep Guardiola will be without Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Tom Starke. Bastian Schweinsteiger has also been ruled out of the BayArena clash. But Guardiola believes Jerome Boateng is one of the world's best centre backs.
Daryl Janmaat played the full 90 minutes despite suspected calf muscle tear. Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday. Jermain Defoe scored the winning goal on the stroke of half-time at Stadium of Light. Janmaat admits Newcastle's performance wasn't good enough and they got what they deserved.
Rory McIlroy will be hoping to complete a career grand slam at Augusta. Tiger Woods will be accompanied by his two children when he plays the traditional three-par tournament. Gene Sarazen made the most famous shot in the tournament's history with an albatross on the 15th. Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson will bring you daily updates from Augusta National.
Per Mertesacker says Arsenal have brought back the 'arguing culture' Arsene Wenger's side were thrashed 6-3 by Manchester City and 5-1 by Liverpool last season. The German defender says confrontation can be vital for a teams mentality. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday lunchtime.
The 79th Masters gets underway on Thursday at Augusta National. Tiger Woods returns to action for the first time since February. Rory McIlroy is bidding to become the sixth man in history to complete the career Grand Slam. Bubba Watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler.
Amir Khan hasn't fought since his win over Devon Alexander in December. Adrien Broner has been relentless in his call out of Khan since his comfortable win over John Molina Jr. Khan is targeting a fight at the end of May before breaking for Ramadan in mid-June. British rival Kell Brook remains the money-spinning fight on the agenda. Click here for more boxing news.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at welterweight on May 30 in New York. Bolton fighter had been under increasing pressure to fight Kell Brook in June. Khan was also linked with bouts against Adrien Broner and Keith Thurman. The 28-year-old hopes to fight at New York's Barclays Center. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Justin Rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 at the Shell Houston Open. Phil Mickelson enjoyed his best round in months with a 66 on Thursday. Rose might be the only player in Masters history to have led or had a share of the lead after every round bar the last one.
Lionel Messi sat out Argentina's friendlies against El Salvador and Ecuador with a foot injury. The Barcelona forward returned to training on Thursday, 24 hours ahead of schedule. He trained alongside compatriot Javier Mascherano and should be fit to face Celta Vigo on Sunday. Barcelona currently lead Real Madrid by four points at the top of La Liga. Luis Enrique will be making his first return to the Balaidos Stadium.
Rory McIlroy is hoping to complete his grand slam of majors with a victory at Augusta National later this month. The world number one is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods. McIlroy has just one top-10 finish to his name in six Masters appearances, finishing joint eighth last year.
Freddie Roach has blasted Floyd Mayweather Snr ahead of May 2 mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. Roach has called the elder Mayweather a 'terrible cornerman' ahead of Las Vegas showdown. Floyd Mayweather Jnr has refused to respond to Roach's verbal jabs insisting 'he can say what he wants' Mayweather Snr insists he will be leaving his son to do the talking in the ring.
Erik Compton is set to make his first appearance at the Masters this week. The 35-year-old has had two heart transplants, but wants to focus on his golf. Compton is an advocate and spokesman for Donate Life, an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation. He finished runner-up at Pinehurst last year and earned an invitation to Augusta.
Jason Dufner and wife Amanda married in 2012. The pair separated in February and the divorce was finalised on March 31. Amanda has been awarded $2.5million (£1.8m) as part of the settlement. Dufner has struggled this season as he recovers from a neck injury.
Lydia Ko shot a 1-under 71 in the first round of the ANA Inspiration. The 17-year-old tied Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par. Ko shot a birdie on the 158-yard, par-3 eighth and a par on the par-5 ninth. Former world No 1 set the record of 29 consecutive rounds under par in 2004. Defending champion Lexi Thompson carded a round of 72.
Wilfried Zaha made just four appearances for Manchester United in two years. Yannick Bolasie has impressed since Alan Pardew took over at Selhurst Park. The winger has been watched by Liverpool and Newcastle this season. Pardew admits it would have to take a'very, very big fee' to lure him away.
Reading threw away a 1-0 lead to draw 1-1 with Cardiff at the Madejski Stadium. Pavel Pogrebnyak gave Reading the lead with only four minutes gone. Cardiff equalised in the 90th minute through Conor McAleny's fine finish. Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on April 18.
Liverpool face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday night. Steven Gerrard will miss the tie because of suspension. Reds legend Robbie Fowler says players must focus on getting themselves and the club into the semi-finals of the FA Cup rather than Gerrard. Gerrard will leave Anfield at the end of the season to join Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy.
Benik Afobe opened the scoring for Wolves in the 46th minute. Bakary Sako doubled Wolves' advantage from the penalty spot in the 72nd minute after Henri Lansbury fouled him. Dexter Blackstock scored a late consolation goal for Forest at the City Ground.
Blackburn Rovers host Liverpool in FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Championship side were thrashed 5-0 by Manchester City in last season's replay. Tom Cairney has sympathy for Raheem Sterling's contract negotiations. Cairney says Sterling is one of the best 20-year-olds in the world at the moment.
Elliot Minchella has joined London Broncos on loan until the end of the season. The 19-year-old loose forward has made six substitute appearances for Leeds. Minchella and Zak Hardaker remain the subject of an investigation by the Rhinos into an assault.
Rangers beat Hearts 2-1 in their Scottish Championship clash on Sunday. Kenny Miller and Haris Vuckic scored for the hosts at Ibrox. Genero Zeefuik scored a late consolation for Robbie Neilson's men. Stuart McCall's side are now second in the table after three wins in a row. Rangers were reduced to 10 men when captain Lee McCulloch was sent off. McCulloch publicly apologised for his reckless red card after the match.
Lucas Barrios missed a penalty to put Montpellier in the lead at Stade Louis II. Substitute striker Dimitar Berbatov came on to try and change the situation. Monaco remain in fourth spot, six points behind leaders Paris Saint-Germain. Second division Auxerre beat Guingamp 1-0 to reach French Cup final.
Hugo Lloris was injured in Tottenham's 4-3 win against Leicester City. The France international was carried off on a stretcher after a collision with Kyle Walker. Mauricio Pochettino confirmed he will miss Sunday's game against Burnley. Lloris will be replaced in goal by Michel Vorm, with Roberto Soldado a doubt. Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker will all return to the squad.
Blackburn Rovers face Liverpool in the FA Cup sixth-round replay on Wednesday. Rovers boss Gary Bowyer has challenged Jordan Rhodes to become an Ewood Park hero. Blackburn rejected a £12million bid from Hull City for the striker at the start of the season. Bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the 'extra 20,000 people' in attendance.
Manuel Pellegrini does not want Manchester City to lose any more ground. Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League on Saturday. Arsenal and Manchester United shunted City down to fourth in the table. Man City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Eden Hazard, Mesut Ozil and Joey Barton feature in this week's list. Tim Howard was man of the match in Everton's 1-0 win against Southampton. Ander Herrera and Nacho Monreal both impressed for Arsenal. Loic Remy looked a worthy replacement for Diego Costa at Chelsea.
Playing video games may not only improve the ability to perform visual tasks, but also the learning ability for those skills, a study by Brown University in Rhode Island has claimed. The research was carried out by scientists at Brown University. Gamers were shown to be more successful when learning both tasks than non-gamers. But it was unresolved whether video games improve visual learning or whether good visual learners tend to play more video games.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16 on April 15. Neymar says the game will be a real footballing'spectacle' The Brazil international is expecting more fireworks following Barca's win over Manchester City in the last 16 of the competition. Barcelona and PSG meet at the Parc des Princes in the French capital.
Andros Townsend scored England's equaliser against Italy on Tuesday night. The Tottenham winger was criticised by Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson on Sky Sports. Townsend hit back with a cheeky tweet to his 285,000 followers after the 1-1 draw in Turin. That tweet has been going over in my head, said Townsend.
Joe Allen believes Liverpool have performed well against the big teams in the last two seasons. Midfielder spoke to Sportsmail's Ian Ladyman at Liverpool's Melwood training ground. The 25-year-old has been given an extended opportunity with Steven Gerrard no longer an automatic starter and Lucas Leiva sidelined. Allen admits, at times, the challenge of playing for Liverpool felt a little too big for him.
Mike Brown was knocked out cold in England's 47-17 victory over Italy in February. The Harlequins full back admits he is unsure when he will return to action. Brown says he suffered a headache after playing against France last month. George North has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season. Northampton wing will see a neurosurgeon after being knocked out against Wasps.
Jack Johnson beat Tommy Burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908. His victory caused consternation in America as he was black and a black man had never held sport's greatest prize. It mattered little that Johnson was American as his skin was deemed the wrong colour. A great cry went up from white America to find a white challenger who could unseat the new champion. But it would take over six years before Johnson would be defeated, on April 5, 1915, 100 years ago.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Romelu Lukaku after his agent suggested he could leave Everton. Mino Raiola said he would have never sanctioned Lukakus £28million move to Goodison Park last summer. The Belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract following his move from Chelsea.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with DIPG (Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma), a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent. Hill has a new goal which is to raise a total of $2.2 million for treatment and research. Her mother Lisa updates her followers on the Facebook page for Lauren's Fight For Cure about her daughter's progress and said that Lauren had a wonderful Easter but that she is still struggling.
Adam Lyth is one of six Yorkshire players in the England squad that left Heathrow on Thursday for three Tests in the Caribbean. Yorkshire's sports psychologist Scott Hartley came up with the idea of harnessing Lyths love of golf. Lyth finished with 1,489 runs  more than anyone in the country  six hundreds and a welter of awards.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored the goals for Crystal Palace. Yaya Toure grabbed a late equaliser for Manchester City at Selhurst Park. Manuel Pellegrini named a team without a single English outfield player. Frank Lampard and James Milner were both left on the bench for City. Click here for all the latest Manchester City news.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Monday night. Jason Puncheon scored what turned out to be the winning goal for the Eagles. The 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner when he was hit by the flying sweet. Puncheon reacted by sarcastically clapping in the direction of City fans.
Chris Jans has been fired by Bowling Green University in Ohio. The university took action after damning footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman's behind on March 21. He was also accused of grabbing a 'woman's head and moving it toward your crotch' and calling another woman a 'b****' At least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar.
Mesut Ozil missed Arsenal's win at Newcastle due to illness last month. The German midfielder was spotted in a Berlin nightclub hours later. Arsene Wenger has chosen not to fine the £42.5million midfielder for the night out. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Wenger has backed Danny Welbeck to keep his England place despite Harry Kane's debut. Mikel Arteta, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere have returned to training.
Leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the Ireland squad who beat England last month. Bath's qualities are channeled through their attack, with Mike Ford giving the likes of George Ford, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson a licence to play with flair. The Stade Marcel Michelin is a fortress, with Clermont not having lost a European game in the Massif Central since a 32-15 defeat by Sale in 2008. Saracens pride themselves on the set-piece and use the scrum and line-out as dangerous attacking weapons.
Harry Kane will play for England's Under 21 team at this summer's European Championships. The Tottenham striker will join up with the junior squad when he returns from Spurs' post-season trip to Malaysia and Australia. Ross Barkley and Raheem Sterling will both be excused from the championships. Kane made his England debut against Lithuania and scored against Italy.
Andros Townsend hailed Harry Kane as the 'best finisher' he has played with. Tottenham Hotspur team-mate Kane made his England debut on Friday against Lithuania. Townsend scored England's equaliser in their 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £30million last summer. Pasquale Marino brought Sanchez into Udinese's first team in 2008. Sanchez found it difficult when he had to be rested for Arsenal's matches with Aston Villa and Tottenham due to a sore hamstring. But Marino believes Sanchez could score 35 goals in any league he plays in.
Eagle gate-crashes a football team's training session and enjoys a kick-about. The bird appears to be a golden eagle, despite some speculation that it is a young bald. It stands over a football and gives it a peck with its beak before rolling it with its foot. After rolling the ball, it jumps up on it with both feet and causes it to move. Members of the North Shore Football Club can be heard laughing as it rolls the ball away.
Burnley host Tottenham at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Sunday. Michael Duff is the second oldest outfield player in the top flight behind Sylvain Distin. The 37-year-old has played in all eight different divisions of English football. Duff is the only survivor of Burnley's Championship promotion and Premier League relegation sides. Burnley have played Manchester United, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Southampton in last six games.
England will send an Under 20 team to the Toulon Tournament this summer. Gareth Southgates squad finished fourth last May. Aidy Boothroyd will be the man in charge of the team this time. Liverpool winger Jordon Ibe could feature in the squad for the competition.
Keith Curle is one of only four former England players to currently manage in the football league. The 51-year-old insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career. Curle claims to have caught the management bug after playing for Wolves under Colin Lee and John Ward in the late 1990s.
PGA Tour star Rickie Fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a 'gold digger' The golfer's girlfriend, bikini model Alexis Randock, had posted a photo on her Instagram account of her and sister Nicole on the beach last week. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' Fowler quickly told the hater to 'get your facts straight', while Alexis informed him that she worked her 'butt off'
On a catwalk show in Xi'an in China models strutted their stuff in gold underwear and a chain-mail style shirt. It took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women's clothing which is also worth around £40,000. The idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history, including Cleopatra, Marie Antoinette and Tsarina Alexandra.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old is not yet at the same level as Luis Suarez. Sterling said he was 'flattered' by interest from Arsenal as contract talks are put on hold. Liverpool host Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon.
Romelu Lukaku has appointed agent Mino Raiola as his new representative. The appointment fuels speculation that Lukaku could be set for a move away from Everton. Roberto Martinez is unconcerned by the Belgian's switch of agents. Everton manager believes Ross Barkley will benefit from a difficult season.
Man, who has not been named, reportedly turned gun on himself at Universal Studios. He was standing in a smoking area behind the Despicable Me ride at the time, according to reports. Los Angeles Sheriff's Department found man dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Nobody else was injured in the incident, which happened Friday afternoon.
Real Madrid are prepared to wait until next summer to sign David De Gea, according to Spanish paper AS. De Gea's contract at Manchester United expires in 2016, and he is yet to sign a new deal. Petr Cech looks certain to leave Chelsea this summer for a fee of around £10million. Lionel Messi's injury is still causing him problems ahead of Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo. James Rodriguez is also set to return from injury, with Marca reporting that he will start for Real Madrid on Sunday.
Newcastle host Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday afternoon. John Carver was assistant to Ruud Gullit when he controversially left out Alan Shearer and Duncan Ferguson against Sunderland in 1999. Carver is now fighting to win the head coach position at St James' Park beyond the end of this season. He knows how much a win could aid his chances of landing the job on a permanent basis.
Manchester United currently sit fourth in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal says his side can still win the title at this late stage in the race. United are eight points behind leaders Chelsea but have played a game more in the run-in. Van Gaal also admitted that Marouane Fellaini's recent performances have made him almost undroppable, given his performances in United's recent run of form.
Frank Lampard spoke of his support for gay footballers on Alan Carr's 'Alan Carr's Chatty Man' The Manchester City midfielder revealed he'd 'love' to see a gay footballer come out. Lampard said that the game is changing and losing it's macho persona. The England midfielder was joined on the show by Denise van Outen, Noel Fielding and Lethal Bizzle.
Ryan Bertrand has made 26 Premier League appearances for Southampton this season. The 25-year-old has also won his third England cap against Italy. Bertrand posted a picture of himself and his daughter in their matching Ferraris on Instagram. Southampton face Everton in the Premier League on Saturday.
Sunderland host Newcastle in the Wear-Tyne derby on Sunday afternoon. Dick Advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at Rangers. In 1998, the Dutch boss said the Old Firm clash was just another game. Rangers were thrashed 5-1 by Celtic and he was criticised for under-estimating the rivalry. Advocaat could start Adam Johnson for the first time following his recent arrest.
Danny Cipriani helped Sale Sharks to a 23-6 victory against Gloucester. Sale are currently seventh in the Aviva Premiership table. Steve Diamond's side face London Irish, Harlequins, Newcastle and Exeter in the coming weeks.
Lexi Thompson, 20, will appear topless on the front of the May edition of Golf Digest. She appeared in the Women's U.S. Open in 2007 when she was just 12-years-old. Thompson turned professional in June 2010 at age 15 and has six professional championships. The LPGA player has career earnings of almost $3million. It is the first time a pro golfer has appeared on a 'Fitness and Power' issue cover.
The 5.45 acre estate in San Clemente, California was bought by the former Commander in Chief in 1969. Nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home, which was built in 1926 and overlooks the Pacific Ocean. Among his guests were Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. The estate is made up of a 'grand pavilion' measuring 9,000 square feet, and also boasts several satellite residences for staff.
Ryan Taylor is one of the few players genuinely respected by Newcastle fans. The 30-year-old scored the winner against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light three seasons ago. Taylor's current contract at St James' Park is set to expire in the summer. Newcastle face Sunderland in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday at 1.30pm.
Ratinho sported his new hairdo in the Brazilian Cup on Thursday night. The 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football. Remo secured a 1-1 draw with Atletico PR at the Estadio Olímpico do Para.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday afternoon. The Gunners are currently third in the Premier League, six points clear of Liverpool. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta, Mathieu Debuchy and Abou Diaby have returned to first-team training. Arsene Wenger will have a heart-to-heart chat with Theo Walcott ahead of top-four showdown. Wenger also coy over Liverpool's Raheem Sterling transfer links.
Neymar and Dani Alves headed to watch El Clasico with Neymar's sister Rafaella. Barcelona beat Real Madrid 85-80 in a Euro League basketball match on Thursday night. Real Madrid remain top of their Euro League division over their rivals just by points difference. Barca return to La Liga action on Sunday when they take on Celta Vigo.
Alexis Sanchez joined Arsenal from Barcelona for £32million last summer. Arsene Wenger does not know why Sanchez chose to move to the north London club. The Arsenal boss admits he was aware of Liverpool's interest in the Chilean. Wenger believes the way Sanchez has adapted proves he is one of the best around. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Manchester United host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal knows victory could see them leapfrog Manchester City into second place. The Dutchman says he is set to discuss the club with Sir Alex Ferguson soon. Van Gaal says United are mathematically in the title race but insists the top-four battle is not over either. Liverpool travel to the Emirates to face Arsenal on Saturday lunchtime.
Courtney Lawes has been criticised for his tackle on France fly-half Jules Plisson. The Northampton lock has been derided as a thug across the Channel. Jeff Powell suggested that Lawes should apologise for the offence. Lawes is unfazed by the storm he has created and insists his record is'very clean'
Juan Mata revealed Wayne Rooney regularly tells him England can win Euro 2016. Mata has not played for Spain since their exit from the World Cup in the group stages. Rooney scored his 47th England goal in the 4-0 win against Lithuania last week. Manchester United host Aston Villa at Old Trafford in the Premier League on Saturday.
Anthony Joshua takes on Jason Gavern in Newcastle on Saturday. Joshua will be fighting for the first time in 2015 after suffering a stress fracture in his back. American Gavern will be competing in his 50th professional bout. The London 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three.
Raheem Sterling and Theo Walcott are negotiating new deals with their clubs. The England wingers will go head-to-head at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Sterling has been one of Liverpool's best players this season, while Walcott has struggled for playing time at Arsenal. Both players are in the process of signing new deals, and could be exchanged for Sterling.
Sir Alex Ferguson has tipped Neymar to rival Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. The Brazil captain has been in superb form for both club and country this season. Ferguson has backed the 23-year-old to rival the two top players in world football. Former Manchester United boss also backed Carlo Ancelotti to succeed at Real Madrid.
Spain lost 2-0 to Holland in a friendly at Amsterdam ArenA on Tuesday night. Vicente del Bosque's side dominated the game but failed to find the net. Holland scored twice in the space of four minutes through Stefan de Vrij and Davy Klaassen. Del Bosque says his side were made to pay for a poor first 20 minutes. Spain boss was impressed with debutants Juanmi and Vitolo.
The 18-year-old inmate was being held at Lower Buckeye Jail in Phoenix, Arizona, when he was seen on surveillance video walking into a room he was not authorized to be in. When two officers approached him and told him to go back to his cell, he began punching one of the officers and knocking him to the ground. Another officer, Scott Beaty, was taken to the intensive care unit and will need reconstructive surgery after suffering brain bleeding and broken bones in his face. The inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers, who used a Taser to subdue him
Jose Anigo says Zlatan Ibrahimovic would have been idolised at Marseille. The former Marseille boss says Ibrahimovic reminds him of Eric Cantona. Ibrahimovic has been compared with Cantona for the second time in a few days. Peter Schmeichel has urged Manchester United to make a summer move for Ibrahimovic.
Katie Gallegos from Clackamas County, Oregon, decided to take the pooch to a McDonald's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal Daisy. But while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks, Cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite. To date the video of Cooper's ice cream outing has been watched more than seven million times.
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in a friendly on Tuesday night. The tiny island off the west coast of Africa has a population of just 500,000 people. Nani could have played for Cape Verde instead of Portugal as his mother is from the island. Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo was rested for the friendly as he continues to recover from injury. FIFA's world rankings put the island 38th, one place ahead of Scotland.
Swimmer was in the water in Florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror. Footage taken with the help of a selfie-stick shows her desperately looking for the plant-eating creature. Seconds later she shouts out 'Oh my God, get me out of here', only for friends on a nearby boat to reply: 'It's behind you' The young swimmer managed to avoid coming into contact with the sea cow.
Chinese man, known only as Xu, bought a wife for his son, who has learning difficulties. Six months later, Xu discovered his son had not slept with his wife at all. Desperate to become a grandfather, he even tried to impregnate her himself. Realising she was infertile, he sold her off to another family for £1,093. Xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of Lianyungang.
Radamel Falcao has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. The striker has scored four goals for United this season but three in two games for Colombia. Falcao will consider his Old Trafford future at the end of the current season. His former club, River Plate, have expressed an interest in signing him again.
Cardiff City will have no supporters present at Elland Road on Saturday. The Welsh club have handed back their allocation of 500 tickets to Leeds United. Cardiff welcomed 2,200 Leeds fans to the Cardiff City Stadium in the reverse fixture back in November's game, which ended a 3-1 win for the home side. Leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club, council or police, when they would usually offer in excess of 2,500 tickets.
The 79th Masters begins at Augusta on Thursday. Rory McIlroy will begin his quest for a Grand Slam when the action begins. Tiger Woods will be hoping to complete his fifth green jacket at the Masters. Sportsmail's Derek Lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the tournament.
A man has admitted to ripping another mans scrotum with a metal hook after he thought a concreting job wasnt up to scratch. Stephen John Docherty, 66, pleaded guilty to wounding with intent when he appeared at in the Whakatane District Court on Wednesday. Mr Docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property. The victim was not on the work site but a contractor told Mr Docherty he would be back shortly. Once the victim returned, the two men got in a heated argument.
Simba was rescued by firefighters in Meckenheim, near Bonn, Germany. Owners lost their pet in early March and had looked everywhere for him. But four weeks later, a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises. It is thought the animal had crawled under the floor boards as the bathroom was being renovated.
Santiago Vergini played a key role in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday. The 26-year-old has made 35 appearances for the Black Cats so far this season. Vergini returned to the Stadium of Light on a season-long loan deal from Sport Uruguay de Coronado in August last year. Sunderland are currently 15th in the Premier League, three points above the relegation zone.
Aritz Aduriz pounces in the 90th minute to secure a 1-1 draw for Athletic Bilbao. Valencia were reduced to 10 men after Nicolas Otamendi was sent off. Espanyol extended Villarreal's winless streak to six games with a 3-0 win at El Madrigal. Getafe moved 10 points clear of the bottom three with a win at struggling Elche.
Black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside Philadelphias Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul on Tuesday morning. Video footage shows the animal clinging for life as it teeters on its makeshift perch. It took animal control officers several hours to coax the raccoon down.
Keaway Lafonz Ivy, 21, who went by the stage name Kealo, died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while making a music video in Maryland Wednesday. Police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used as a prop in the video. On Friday, police arrested 21-year-old Lafonzo Iracks and charged him in connection to Ivy's slaying.
MI5 has issued an alert over threat posed by rogue workers in Britains nuclear, transport and public services. Warning comes after suicide pilot Andreas Lubitz killed 150 people in Alps plane crash disaster. MI5 is now giving advice on risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas.
Paramedics were called to a home in Wagaman, northern Darwin, at about 9pm on Wednesday. The 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle before lying down. His family called Royal Darwin Hospital. There were over 500 calls made to Northern Territory police between 3pm-11pm.
Coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern Mediterranean on Saturday and managed to save all passengers. Three of the migrants' boats were in difficulty and sent. rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the coast of Libya. The migrants were all transboarded onto the Italian ships. and were being taken to either the island of Lampedusa or ports in Sicily.
Action shot was taken at Estavayer-le-Lac in Switzerland where Jet Surfing craze has taken off. Jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg and use two litres of fuel. Its makers say the sport is easy to master and that the boards are nimble and responsive. Surfers are still recommended to surf while wearing a helmet and life vests.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. United have lost the last four derbies to City, including last November's 1-0 defeat. Ashley Young wants to avoid becoming the first United team to lose five successive derbies. City have won four of the last five derbies at the Etihad Stadium. Young is hoping his revival at Old Trafford can force him back into England reckoning.
New Zealand racing presenter Adian Rodley has become a viral sensation after his ecstatic celebration of racehorses victory was caught on film. Mongolian Khan with New Zealand jockey Opie Bosson took first place on the weekend's esteemed $2 million Australian Derby. Rodley didnt realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations. The race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video.
Wild wood bison were successfully reintroduced to the United States to roam the plains of Alaska for the first time in over a century. The native Alaskan species disappeared from the state more than 100 years ago. Wood bison are North Americas largest land mammal, but the land mammals were imported from Canada to the Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center in 2008. Alaska Department of Fish and Game Biologist Tom Seaton led 100 wood bisons to freedom on a snowmobile.
Novak Djokovic beat David Ferrer 7-5, 7-4 to reach the Miami Open semi-finals. The world No 1 is likely to face Andy Murray in the final if he beats John Isner. Serena Williams and Carla Suarez Navarro will contest the women's final in Miami. Williams beat Simona Halep in three sets but Navarro beat Andrea Petkovic. Carla beat Petra Kvitova in straight sets 6-3, 6-2 to book her place in the last four.
Tryster won the Coral Easter Classic at Lingfield on Saturday. The Godolphin stable dominated the £1.1million All Weather Finals day. Jockey William Buick also rode Pretend to victory in the Unibet Sprint Championship Stakes and Four Seasons in the 32Red Three-Year-old Mile Championship.
Irish trainer Robbie Hennessy confirmed Rubi Light is a definite runner. Grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over Aintree-style fences on Saturday. Irish challenge also includes Jim Cullotys Lord Windermere and Spring Heeled. Joseph OBrien is set to ride for his father at Cork on Sunday afternoon despite struggling with weight.
AP McCoy will attempt to give AP McCoy a glorious send off in Ireland with a second victory in Easter Monday's Irish Grand National. The 19-time champion won the 2007 running on Butlers Cabin and success aboard Cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be McCoy's final week as a jockey. Cantlow disputes favouritism for Monday's race largely due to presence of McCoy on his back.
Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in their Champions Cup quarter-final. Mark McCall's side will face Clermont Auvergne in the semi-finals on April 18. Clermont thrashed Premiership leaders Northampton 37-5 on Saturday night. Sarries face Leicester next Saturday and then Northampton in the Premiership.
Francis Saili will join Munster on a two-year deal later this year. The 24-year-old currently plays for Super Rugby side the Blues in Auckland. Saili has been capped twice by New Zealand and was part of the Under 20 side that won the Junior World Championship in Italy in 2011.
Bath lost 18-15 to Leinster in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals. Anthony Watson hopes the pain of the defeat will help them in the league. The English side have four games remaining to make the play-offs. Watson says he is 'absolutely disappointed' with the result. Bath face Newcastle, London Irish, Harlequins and Gloucester next.
Tiger Woods played in the Par-3 Contest for the first time since 2004. Woods and his children Charlie and Sam were joined by his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn. Vonn completed the family portrait with her flowing green dress matching Tiger's shirt. Many golfers invite their wives, girlfriends or children to caddie at the tournament.
Jack Grealish made his first Premier League start for Aston Villa against QPR. The Aston Villa teenager is renowned for wearing his socks low to the ground. Grealish says it's a superstition and he'll carry on with it as long as he can. 'A few referees have tried telling me but I've got to keep it like that,' he says.
Tim Bresnan last played for England during the Ashes whitewash of winter 2013/14. Yorkshire won the LV County Championship for the first time in 13 years last season. Bresnan helped end Yorkshire's 13-year wait for a title with 30 wickets in 10 games at an average of 31.57 and making 95 against Nottinghamshire on the day the championship was clinched. The right-arm quick says: 'The only thing I can do is get runs and take wickets for Yorkshire'
Stuart Broad came through an injury scare and Jonny Bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates. England's Test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill. Bairstow made 98 and Joe Root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine. Jonathan Trott opened the batting but lasted just three balls.
Everton held an open training session at Goodison Park on Tuesday. The Toffees are in the bottom half of the Premier League table. Roberto Martinez's side face Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Nearly 4,000 fans turned out to watch the training session from the stands. Romelu Lukaku did not take part but could be fit for the weekend.
Crystal Palace beat champions Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night. The Eagles have been targeted for a takeover by American businessman Josh Harris. But chairman Steve Parish wants to bring in investment to improve Selhurst Park. Parish has been at Palace since he and his consortium saved the club from financial collapse in 2010. He says the current set-up will allow Alan Pardew to bring players in this summer.
Jack Grealish saw Aston Villa lose twice at Wembley in 2010. Villa lost to Manchester United in the League Cup final and Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final. Grealish was handed his first Premier League start by Tim Sherwood against QPR. The 19-year-old is hopeful of retaining his place for the April 19 date.
Julian Speroni has triggered a 12-month contract extension at Crystal Palace. The 35-year-old has played a key role for the Eagles this season. Speroni signed from Dundee in 2004 and will have a testimonial at the end of the season.
Esteban Cambiasso gave Leicester City the lead in the 12th minute. Cheikhou Kouyate equalised in the 32nd minute for West Ham United. Andy King scored a late winner for the Foxes at the King Power Stadium. Leicester are now four points behind Premier League leaders Sunderland.
Hull City lost 3-1 to Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Paul McShane believes the Tigers are in a relegation battle despite poor run of form. Hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league. Steve Bruce's side face Southampton, Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United in their final seven games.
Haris Vuckic is one of five Newcastle players loaned to Rangers from Magpies. The 22-year-old admits he does not know where he will be playing next season. Slovenian has scored six goals in 10 games for the Gers so far this campaign. Vuckic has 12months left on his deal at St James' Park and could leave in the summer. But he says staying at Rangers would be a 'good option' if Newcastle let him go.
James Ward-Prowse scored the winner for England Under 21s against Germany. The 20-year-old admits not being able to sleep the night after the match. Ward-Powrowse started at Southampton trying not to be noticed as a youngster. But he is beginning to get noticed after starring for England U 21s and Saints. He has earned a reputation as a free-kick specialist at St Mary's.
Joey Barton said West Brom's players's*** themselves' during defeat to QPR. The Baggies were two goals up but lost 3-2 at the Hawthorns in December. Tony Pulis believes Barton 'probably had a point' about West Brom losing their cool. QPR host West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday.
Radamel Falcao believes Sergio Aguero is Manchester City's biggest threat. Colombian striker was speaking at the #HeadtoHead for Puma's 'evoSPEED 1.3' Aguero has scored six times against United since he joined City in 2011. Falcao did not feature at the Etihad earlier this season.
Wasps lost 32-18 to Toulon in their European Champions Cup quarter-final on Sunday. Dai Young has called for reform to the Premiership salary cap. The comments came after his team lost to the French side at the Stade Felix Mayol. Matt Giteau and Juan Fernandez Lobbe came on as replacements for Wasps.
Tottenham Hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at White Hart Lane. The north London club's neighbours, Archway Sheet Metal Works, fought a long court battle with Tottenham over the development but failed with an appeal earlier this year. Spurs plan to open a new 'world-class' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time. Tottenham are preparing to face Aston Villa at the Lane on Saturday.
Reece Oxford scored for West Ham's Under 21 side against Manchester United. The 16-year-old has been on the bench for the senior side this season. Oxford signed his first professional contract earlier this season, snubbing interest from all of the Premier League's big guns. He has been likened to former England defender Rio Ferdinand.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila branded most surfaces in Scottish Premiership 'terrible' Deila argued that artificial pitches would make for better spectacles. Gary Teale has hit back at Deila for his criticism of the St Mirren Park pitch. Teale feels Deila's criticism was unjustified and unfair on groundsman Tommy Docherty.
Manchester United Under 21s beat West Ham United 3-2 to go four points clear at the top of the Premier League. Reece Oxford gave the Hammers the lead after just ten minutes. Josh Harrop scored twice for the Red Devils to secure all three points for the hosts.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila agrees with Gary Teale's claim that St Mirren have one of the best pitches in the Scottish Premiership. Teale hit back at criticism received for the condition of the pitch on Friday night. Deila believes artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit. The Hoops are seven points ahead of second-placed Aberdeen.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. Karim Benzema, who scored twice, hailed his team-mate as a 'phenomenon' Ronaldo has now scored 24 La Liga hat-tricks - drawing level with Lionel Messi. Gareth Bale also netted as Madrid closed the gap on Barcelona to one point.
Stuart McCall has restored a buoyancy to the club and won approval from supporters after three successive wins. The former Motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until the end of the season, with a brief to try to rekindle their promotion push. McCall is adamant he doesn't expect any meaningful talks with the Ibrox board until after the play-offs.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera scored twice as United moved up to third in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal said he was pleased with Herrera's first goal for the club. The Dutchman said he had been asking the Spaniard to control the ball before shooting. Van Gaal admitted that he kissed Herrera at half-time after the goal.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to win back his Test place. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores put on united front ahead of five-week tour. Three-Test series against West Indies begins in Antigua on April 13. Pietersen controversially celebrated World Cup win with friends James Faulkner.
Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games for Aston Villa. The 24-year-old scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night. Benteke's contract at Villa expires at the end of the season. Villa value their top scorer at £25million however, and would remain hugely reluctant to sell with manager Tim Sherwood a big fan.
Paolo Dybala has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Argentine forward has scored 13 Serie A goals for Palermo this season. Dybala says he could be playing his final 10 games for the Serie A club. Arsenal and Juventus have both made approaches for the 21-year-old. Liverpool are also thought to be interested in the £30m-rated forward.
Bolton-born boxer Amir Khan has announced he will fight Chris Algieri on May 30. The 28-year-old was joined by his wife Faryal Makhdoom Khan as well as his daughter Lamysa at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom. Khan posed alongside a rare but dangerous white tiger as well posing with stunning giraffes and sea lions.
James Rodriguez has been out of action since the beginning of February with a foot injury. Carlo Ancelotti has a fearsome front line of different nationalities at Real Madrid. Luka Modric and Toni Kroos form the 'hard core' of the Bernabeu side. Mundo Deportivo splash about Lionel Messi's fitness while AS say it is 'operation 30 points' for the Italian coach. Roberto Mancini reportedly brought Inter Milan squad into training on Easter Sunday.
Chelsea are discussing the possibility of a post-season tour of Japan. Jose Mourinho has not ruled out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to the country. No final decision has been made on a destination but the squad is likely to fly out on either May 28 or 29 for a two-match, week-long trip. The proposed tour would also have implications for Chelsea's South American contingent.
John O'Sullivan was on loan at Barnsley when the first tie was played. Gary Bowyer says it 'doesn't make sense' that he can't use the midfielder against Liverpool. O'Sullivan will be available to play if Blackburn reach the semi-finals though. The two sides played out a 0-0 draw at Anfield last month in the fifth round.
Sean Dyche believes his Burnley side are capable of avoiding the drop. The Clarets are currently 15th in the Premier League table. Dyche's side face Tottenham on Sunday and Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. CLICK HERE for all the latest Burnley news.
Napoli lost 1-0 at home to Lazio in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg on Wednesday. Aurelio De Laurentiis has threatened to send his players to a training camp 'for an unlimited period of time' if they do not improve between now and the end of the season. Napoli have gone on a run of five Serie A matches without a win and are sixth in Serie A. The defeat increased pressure on coach Rafael Benitez, who led Napoli to a third-placed finish last season but has failed to build on that.
LeBron James scored 23 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Miami Heat 114-88. Kyrie Irving also helped his team to victory at the American Airlines Arena. James passed Patrick Ewing (24,815) into 20th place on the NBA's all-time scoring list. Golden State Warriors beat Phoenix Suns 107-106 to extend winning run to 11 games. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 108-101 to move half a game ahead of Memphis Grizzlies.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night. Jamie O'Hara scored from the penalty spot to give the Tangerines the lead. Grant Hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave Lee Clark disappointed. Blackpool fans pelted the directors' box with eggs before the game. The Seasiders' winless run extended to 13 games.
England captain Alastair Cook completed a much-needed century on the second morning of England's opening tour match in the West Indies. Cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out. That allowed Ian Bell to arrive at the crease, with batting time more important.
Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday at the Emirates. Brendan Rodgers' side are five points adrift of the Champions League places. Liverpool lost 1-0 to Manchester United in their last game at Old Trafford. Reds boss Rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with Arsenal.
England take on St Kitts and Nevis Invitational XI in two-day tour match. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook combine impressively as England produce dominant display. Ben Stokes took three wickets in five balls as England bowled out the visitors for 59. Trott was the only casualty of the day for England when he was caught at short leg.
Jacques Burger encapsulates all the values rugby union's marketing people love to espouse. Saracens take on Racing Metro in Paris on Sunday in the European Champions Cup quarter-final. The flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game.
Chelsea are six points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand. They face Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the first of their final nine games. Blues boss Jose Mourinho will start Eden Hazard against the Potters despite the Belgian suggesting he is tired after a tiring international break. Mourinho also confirmed Diego Costa has recovered from a hamstring injury. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Liverpool face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side are eight points adrift of the top four with seven games to play. Arsenal have cemented their Champions League spot with four top-flight wins in March. Liverpool have won just one of six games against the Premier League's other top-five. UEFA have increased Champions League prize money by up to 50 per cent.
Olivier Giroud won the Barclays Premier League player of the month award for March. He netted five times in Arsenal's four consecutive league wins to claim the accolade. Giroud becomes France's 16th winner of the award, overtaking Holland on 15. Thierry Henry, Eric Cantona and Nicolas Anelka are the other French players to have won.
Liverpool host Arsenal in the lunchtime Premier League kick-off on Saturday. Five hat-tricks have been scored in this fixture since the inception of the Premier League. This fixture's first hat-trick hero was Robbie Fowler, who scored three times at Anfield in 1994. Arsenal's first treble came from Thierry Henry, who netted a treble in 2004. Andrey Arshavin scored a quadruple in a 4-4 draw with Liverpool in 2009.
Mario Balotelli, Fabio Borini, Rickie Lambert and Lazar Markovic met YouTube star Bas van Velzen at Melwood. The Dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the Anfield stars. After a few rounds of action, it became clear to the Liverpool team-mates that they were not dealing with a regular fan.
Freddie Sears put Ipswich ahead after just six minutes against Bournemouth. Kenwyne Jones came off the bench to equalise for the Cherries in the 82nd minute. Bournemouth remain top of the Championship after a point at Portman Road.
Darren Lehmann has defended his players following criticism of their behaviour during Sundays World Cup final win over New Zealand. Wicketkeeper Brad Haddin came under fire for his send-off of Kiwi opener Martin Guptill. A photograph of Haddin and all-rounder James Faulkner mocking Grant Elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the Australian's fifth World Cup triumph. But Lehmann insisted Haddin was following team orders.
Rickie Fowler's girlfriend Alexis Randock posted a photo on Instagram of her and her sister Nicole. The photo was shared with her 25,000 followers, which included an abusive commenter known as 'fatalsplash' The troll was quick to judge and accused Alexis of being a 'gold digger' It wasn't long before Fowler came to his girlfriend's defence. He told the troll to 'get your facts straight' and commended her for supporting herself.
Mark Wood has been called up by England for the Test series against West Indies. Durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler. Wood is one of the uncapped members of Alastair Cooks squad who fly to the Caribbean.
Ian Bell has signed a three-year contract extension with Warwickshire. The 32-year-old has played 105 Test matches and 161 one-day internationals. Bell has scored 48 centuries in 246 first-class matches. He departs for England's four-Test tour of West Indies on Thursday.
Yorkshire have signed India international Cheteshwar Pujara until the end of May. Younis Khan was set to be Yorkshire's overseas signing for 2015. But batsman is now looking to be part of Pakistan's potential tour party to Bangladesh. Pujara will instead link up with the Division One champions - subject to receiving a work permit.
Marco Negri joined Rangers from Perugia for £3.5million in 1997. The striker scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the Ibrox outfit. Negri suffered a serious injury in a reserve match against Aberdeen in 2000. Scans showed that properties of his blood had been attacked by a lymphogranuloma or lymphosarcoma - common symptoms for those that suffer with HIV/AIDS. After months of hospital scans in Scotland, Negri was told his blood was absolutely fine.
Raheem Sterling started up front where he likes to play for Liverpool. Sterling was brought down by Hector Bellerin for a penalty, which was only a consolation. The England winger struggled to impose himself on the game at The Emirates. Jordan Henderson came on as a substitute to replace Lazar Markovic at half-time. Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the early Premier League game on Saturday.
Connacht lost 14-7 to Gloucester in the Challenge Cup quarter-final on Friday night. Mils Muliaina was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault following the match. TV cameras captured the moment he was led away by police following the game. Muliaina earned 100 caps for New Zealand before retiring after the 2011 World Cup.
John Hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 at the age of 33. The former Celtic striker says he felt 'as good as dead' upon receiving the news. Hartson admits he used to be a 'drinker, a s****er and a gambler' He faced up to a gambling problem that almost killed him after beating cancer. He says he is now a proud family man who enjoys a'settled life'
Massimo Cellino claims Red Bull have made an offer for Leeds United. Leeds chairman Andrew Umbers said he was not aware of the offer. Cellino is currently serving a Football League disqualification for tax evasion. Soft drink giants already own three football clubs, one of them in Austria called Red Bull Salzburg.
Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season. The midfielder was pictured in a newspaper article in 1992. Steve Heighway described Gerrard as 'outstanding' and 'one for the future' Gerrard has gone on to make 499 appearances for his boyhood club.
A Brazilian website claims to have the new Chelsea kit for sale on its website. The website has published three kits with the incoming 'Yokohama' sponsor across the front. But the kits can be purchased with Gareth Bale's name on the back. Bale has struggled at Real Madrid this season and has been linked with a return to England. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in England's Ashes squad. Darren Gough was best man at Pietersen's wedding and was his best man. Gough says there is only a'small percentage chance' of Pietersen playing for England again. Pietersen will 'disappear to the Caribbean Premier League' if he doesn't get an England call, according to Gough.
Manuel Pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the Champions League places and not the title. Manchester City have lost too much ground to Chelsea in the Premier League title race. They could drop out of the top four if results go against them over the weekend. City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night in their next Premier League game. Yaya Toure is expected to return to the starting line-up after missing the 3-0 win over West Brom.
David Villa posted a picture of his family enjoying the Empire State Building. The New York City captain has scored one goal in his first two games in the MLS. New York City are currently third in the Eastern conference, two points behind rivals New York Red Bulls. Villa's side travel to Philadelphia Union on April 11, who are bottom of the conference.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane won his first England cap last week. Kane is eligible to play for Gareth Southgate's Under-21s this summer. But Kenny Dalglish says he should be part of Roy Hodgson's full squad. Dalglish believes Kane is ready to make the step up to the senior side.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil, Alexis Sanchez and Olivier Giroud all scored. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. The Gunners travel to Stamford Bridge in two weeks' time. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Treasurer Joe Hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent GST to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as Netflix and Apple. The changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $1,000 online from overseas, thus affecting companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and eBay. Consumer advocacy group Choice says tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks.
Deion Sanders Jr. wrote on Twitter that he needs 'hood doughnuts almost every morning' His dad Deion Sanders called him out on the tweet, calling him a 'Huxtable' A huxtable is a phrase used by some to refer to upper class black people. Sanders Jr. is a sophomore at Southern Methodist University, and seems to benefit from his dad's reported $40million worth.
Wesley Sneijder tweeted advert for his Galatasaray knife range on Saturday. Leeds fans Kevin Speight and Christopher Loftus were stabbed to death in Istanbul in 2000. Minute's silence will be held before Leeds and Blackburn Rovers meet at Elland Road. Turkish supporter Ali Umit Demir was jailed for 15 years for the deaths of Loftus and Speight.
Hector Bellerin, Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez scored for Arsenal. Jordan Henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for Liverpool. Olivier Giroud completed the scoreline with a brilliant strike in injury time. Click here for Martin Samuel's match report from the Emirates.
The dramatic, up-close images, captured by a Bornean student, show the incredible power of the tiny creature. The weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but ultimately helpless. Student Frenki Jung, 17, from Sambas in Borneo captured the hilarious images.
Arsenal and Liverpool fans left their seats empty at the Emirates Stadium. Supporters from both clubs say they are 'disgusted' at the continuing rise of ticket prices. Ticket prices at the sold-out Emirates start from £64 for the 12.45pm kick-off. Protesters hope the image of empty seats will raise awareness of the struggles fans face.
Agencies like the CIA, NSA, and National Counterterrorism Center hire therapists. Analysts watch clips of beheadings, violent attacks and hard core pornography. Psychiatrists help them cope with the 'extraordinary toll' the work can have. The content analysts watch is often violent but it's'mostly' pornography.
Each member of history's most esteemed rock bands are blended into one. The Beatles looks like a blurry picture of a young Paul McCartney. Nirvana's Kurt Cobain is clearly visible in Nirvana's merged shot. And the features of Eddie Van Halen dominate the image of van Halen.
Fort Lauderdale police officers Jason Holding, James Wells, Jason Holding and Christopher Sousa, all of Fort Lauderdale, were fired in March for 'department misconduct' Alex Alvarez, 22, who apparently created the video, resigned from the force in January. All of the officers involved in the case committed misconduct involving racist texts 'exchanged among themselves and former police officers', Fort Lauderdale Police Chief Frank Adderley said. In the messages, the officers sent each other 'racial, sexist and ethically inappropriate' images and other content, including offensive comments against both Hispanics and homosexuals. They also '
Jia Binhui, 25, cannot afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative will fight disease. He built a human barbecue in his garden in Yunlong County in southwest China's Yunnan Province, which he lies on above a fire below, like a spit roast. Claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees Celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body. Last month, Jia married his long-term girlfriend Liu Yuan and said he refuses to be defeated by the disease.
Pizza Plus Fried Chicken in Gillingham, Kent, had a mice infestation and mouldy tomato puree. Owner Kunaratnam Kunanatha, 36, admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations. He was fined £14,500 and ordered to pay £2,793 in costs at Medway Magistrates' court.
Fenerbahce's team bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following an away match at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig. Fener said on their official website the bus driver was wounded in the attack and taken to hospital and there was no mention of any injuries to anyone else. Turkish Football Federation released a statement condemning the attack.
Fran Kirby created the first goal and scored the second in England's 2-1 win. Jodie Taylor opened the scoring after just one minute of play. Wang Shanshan Wang pulled a goal back for China in the 16th minute. This was England's last home game before heading to Canada for the World Cup.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash. Wayne Rooney scored a stunning half-volley in the 79th minute at Old Trafford. It was his sixth goal in eight matches since returning up front for Louis van Gaal. United are now eight points clear of fifth-placed Liverpool who lost 4-1 at Arsenal.
Manchester United sit fourth in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield on Tuesday. Juan Mata scored a fantastic brace to secure the win. Wayne Rooney knows United must beat Aston Villa on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Jose Mourinho said he has a strong faith in God and prays every day. The 52-year-old football manager said he only prays for things in his personal life. Mourinho said he never discusses football with his wife Matilde Faria. Chelsea are currently top of the Premier League and face QPR this weekend.
Jonathan Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man' Accompanying the letter from Benaud, dated September 27, 1996, was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. Benaud was the first player to score 2,000 Test runs and take 200 Test wickets.
Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice after battling skin cancer. The cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. Benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family members. Tributes have been flowing for the legendary commentator and one of Australia's most influential cricketers. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral.
Patrick O'Flynn said Ukip needs to 'work harder' as it is 'lagging' with female voters. Ukip deputy chairman Suzanne Evans and MEP Diane James spoke at event. Polls suggest 15% of men are planning to back Ukip, compared to 10% of women. Event delayed after Ukip-branded backdrop collapsed minutes before start.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a contract extension worth £100,000 a week. The 20-year-old has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season. Sterling said he was flattered by Arsenal's interest in him in a TV interview. Brendan Rodgers has criticised Sterling's agent, Aidy Ward.
Vanessa Santillan's body was found in a flat in Fulham, south west London. The 33-year-old was strangled and beaten to death at the end of March last year. A man, 23, has been arrested in connection with her death but has been bailed. Police are appealing to anyone who had contact with her in the hours before her death to come forward.
Eden Hazard starred for Chelsea as they beat Stoke 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Hazard scored from the penalty spot before Charlie Adam equalised for the hosts. Asmir Begovic's error led to Loic Remy scoring the winner for Jose Mourinho's side. Click here to read Sportsmail's player ratings for both sides.
Derek Skyler Brux, 22, was sentenced to five years probation and must pay $63,000 in restitution to Rail Link, his employer. He pleaded guilty in January to unhitching two locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country. Brux crashed into an inactive Union Pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again. A Rail Link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch.
Jonathon Stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for Benaud's advice on left-handed leg spin. He shared the lengthy response on Twitter on Friday as a tribute to the 'great man' Accompanying the letter from Benaud was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers. Benaud enjoyed a remarkable Test career as a wily leg-spin bowler and middle-order batsman which ended with his retirement in 1964.
Dan Klice, 57, was officiating at a competition at Ramapo College in New Jersey. Police say he saw the errant javelin and tried to dodge it - but tripped over. His fall left his left heel exposed, which was hit by the soaring projectile. Firefighters removed the shaft and took Klice to hospital.
Middlesbrough are top of the Championship with just four games remaining. Seven points separate eight teams with six matches to play but Boro know if they keep winning, they cannot be caught. Previous leaders Bournemouth and 10-man Watford could only draw, at Ipswich and Derby respectively, in the evening matches. Odion Ighalo admits he only signed for Watford to play in the Premier League.
The piglet was born with its hind legs missing and has to balance on its front trotters. Heartwarming video shows the piglet wobbling about with its snout to the ground. It belongs to farmer, Ms Duan, from Qionglai City in Sichuan Province, south western China.
Wigan Athletic have appointed Gary Caldwell as their new manager. Malky Mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by Derby County on Easter Monday. Chairman David Sharpe said Caldwell was 'the only candidate we considered' Caldwell will take charge for the first time against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday.
Talented toddler carefully balances three bowls on her head as she dances to music. The toddler is thought to be aged between two and three years old and is from China. She may have been performing a traditional female dance performed by the Uyghur people. Video has been reposted by numerous Chinese video sites after going viral.
Stuart Dallas opened the scoring for Brentford in the 24th minute. Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute from the penalty spot. Alan Judge gave Brentford the lead in the 90th minute with a stunning free-kick. Raul Jota completed the scoring in the final minute of the game.
Peter Moores insists he could work with Michael Vaughan if he becomes England's new director of cricket. Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England cricket on Wednesday. Former England captain Vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace him. Moores is sad to see the departure of the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him 'outstanding coach of his generation'
Michael Vaughan, Alec Stewart and Andrew Strauss are three former captains bidding to lead England's reform after Paul Downton was sacked as managing director. All three achieved a great deal while playing for England and are well-respected figures within the game. Sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in English cricket.
Diego Costa came on at half-time in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke City. The striker lasted just over 10 minutes before limping off with a hamstring injury. Jose Mourinho was happy to gamble with Costa's fitness despite injury fears. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table.
Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker did not travel after picking up a'slight knock' £16million striker would only have been a substitute against the Gunners. Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Clermont thrashed Northampton 37-5 in the European Rugby Champions Cup. The Saints exited Europe at the quarter-final stage after being routed four tries to one. Tom Wood jokingly thanked Clermont for inviting them to an open training session. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career.
Robert Lewandowski returned to haunt his former club Borussia Dortmund. Polish striker scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer. Bayern Munich stretch their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to 10 points. Thiago is playing his first match of the season after being out with a knee injury since March 2014.
Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the Masters at Augusta National this week. Paul McGinley says the world No 1 aims to be iconic figure in world sport. McIlroy's ambitions are unlike Jose Mourinho's relentless win-at-all-costs mentality. Europe's Ryder Cup-winning coach says the 25-year-old still has a long way to go to match Tiger Woods.
England's Danny Willett carded an opening round of 71 at Augusta National. The 27-year-old finished one-under on his Masters debut on Thursday. Willett holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th, an achievement traditionally rewarded with a pair of crystal glasses.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson and Jambos defender Alim Ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the Championship title winners. Rangers lined up to applaud Hearts on to the Ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago, and Queen of the South and Alloa did the same. Hibs boss Alan Stubbs feared there would have been crowd trouble if he'd agreed to have his Hibs team form a guard of honour for Hearts.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. He has a meeting planned with co-owners David Gold and David Sullivan in May. Big Sam is already making plans for next season but does not know if he'll still be manager. West Ham lost 2-1 to bottom of the league Leicester in the Premier League last week.
Thomas Bjorn's shot landed in the lap of a female fan on the second hole. Russell Henley shot 68 as he made a good start to his second Masters. Erik Compton was in dreamland as he shot 73 on his debut. Tom Watson hit a chip after he found a greenside bunker, which took one bounce.
Video footage shows Blaine Taylor from Aberdeen, Scotland, competing against his older brother, Cody. But as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill, he accidentally steps on it. 'It's broken,' he exclaims as he surveys the mess below him. The mishap was captured on camera by his father, Luke, who later posted it online.
Arnold Palmer hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 Masters on Thursday. The seven-time major champion and now 85 years old, has been struggling with a dislocated shoulder. Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player were the honorary starters at Augusta National. Player, 79, produced the longest drive on the par-four first hole. Palmer and Nicklaus have a record six Masters wins between them.
Natasha Jonas was the first female boxer to represent Great Britain in an Olympic Games. The 30-year-old made history when she took on Katie Taylor of Ireland in the first round of the women's lightweight competition at London 2012. Jonas, a former world and European bronze medallist, has announced her retirement from boxing.
Novak Djokovic beat John Isner 7-6 (3), 6-2 to reach the Miami Open final. The No 1-seeded Serb is one win away from his fifth Key Biscayne title. Djokovic will face Andy Murray in Sunday's final after he beat Tomas Berdych. It is Murray's first final since he was runner-up at the Australian Open.
Mauricio Pochettino could be the saviour of English football thanks to his faith in homegrown talent. Harry Kane, Andros Townsend, Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker all played for England. Pochettino's record of sticking by English players such as Rickie Lambert, Adam Lallana and Jay Rodriguez, and backing youngsters such as Luke Shaw, Calum Chambers and James Ward-Prowse in the Southampton first team, struck a chord with Mason and his peers. The Argentine is a godsend for FA chairman Greg Dyke, whose commission is attempting to find ways to nudge more
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton visited Mercedes' Brackley base on Thursday. The pair are hoping to find a winning formula at the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Sebastian Vettel beat Hamilton by 8.5 seconds at the Malaysian Grand Prix on March 29. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admitted he was surprised by Vettel's victory.
The German Grand Prix has been axed from the 2015 Formula One schedule. Bernie Ecclestone was unable to guarantee the future of the Italian Grand Prix. The 2015 season will be shortened to 19 races, with a three-week break between the British Grand Prix on July 5 and the Hungarian GP on July 26. Former world champion Jackie Stewart wants Europe's 'essential' races to remain.
Lewis Hamilton attended Nelson Mandela's 90th birthday party in London in 2008. The British racer was rushing to meet Hollywood actor Will Smith. Hamilton said he was 'rushing to go and meet Will Smith' when he stepped on Clinton's foot. 'I didn't even apologise, I just kept going,' he said on BT Sport's The Clare Balding Show.
A section of Silverstone's motor racing circuit roof was damaged by high winds. Part of the 'Wing' - the $40million (£27m), three-story corporate building at the host venue of Formula One's British Grand Prix - was affected by the winds on late Sunday and Monday. Images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed.
Lewis Hamilton features on the front cover of Men's Health's May 2015 issue. The Mercedes driver discusses the significance of his tattoos in an interview. Hamilton is currently leading the drivers' championship after two races of the 2015 season. He finished second to Sebastian Vettel at the Malaysian Grand Prix last Sunday.
Jason Robinson scored in England's 2003 World Cup final win against Australia. The 40-year-old admits he was a heavy drinker during his early days at Wigan. Robinson was arrested for affray, assault and criminal damage. He credits then team-mate and Samoa star Va'aiga Tuigamala with turning things around.
Shaharyar Khan hopes for a series of five one-day internationals as soon as May. Pakistan haven't played a Test nation since the attacks on Sri Lanka's bus in March 2009. Gunmen attacked the bus carrying Sri Lankan cricketers as they travelled to Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore for the third day of the second Test.
Tim Sherwood was sacked as Tottenham Hotspur head coach at the end of last season. The 46-year-old was replaced by Mauricio Pochettino at White Hart Lane. Sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with Spurs chairman Daniel Levy. Villa travel to Tottenham on Saturday in the Premier League. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Alex Rodriguez returned to the New York Yankees line-up for the baseball season's opening day following a 162-game suspension. Rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a Florida clinic. Tampa Bay Rays designated hitter John Jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in the first inning of Monday's season opener against the Baltimore Orioles.
County cricket returns this weekend with first round of fixtures beginning on Sunday. Yorkshire will be looking to defend their Division One title while Kevin Pietersen will hope his runs help Surrey to promotion from the second tier. Here is former Surrey and England batsman Mark Butcher's guide to the County Championship.
Burnley drew 0-0 with Tottenham at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon. Michael Duff was pleased with the way his side dealt with Harry Kane. Danny Ings missed an early chance to put Burnley ahead. Paul Merson had a pop at Spurs substitute Andros Townsend.
Jordan Henderson lost the ball 23 times in Liverpool's defeat against Arsenal. John O'Shea only sprinted 11.9 metres in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Sean Dyche named an unchanged Burnley side for the 16th time this season. Loic Remy scored Chelsea's winner in their 2-1 victory over Stoke City.
Nedum Onuoha has 15 months left on his contract at QPR. The QPR centre-back is one of several players being watched by Hull City. Hull are also interested in West Bromwich Albion striker Victor Anichebe. QPR have held talks over a move for Catania defender Nicolas Spolli.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time on Sunday. The 21-year-old scored on his England debut against Lithuania. Kane also became the youngest Premier League captain this season. Tottenham drew 0-0 with Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday afternoon.
Diego de Girolamo is out of contract at Sheffield United at the end of the season. Benfica and Juventus are interested in signing the Italy Under 20 international. Celtic and Southampton are also monitoring the situation of the forward. The forward is currently on loan at Northampton Town.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Bromwich Albion 4-2 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns. Eduardo Vargas, Bobby Zamora, Charlie Austin and Joey Barton scored for QPR. Victor Anichebe scored a consolation goal for Tony Pulis' side in the 58th minute. Youssouff Mulumbu was sent off in the 72nd minute for a foul on QPR's Joey Barton.
Leicester City beat West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Andy King scored his 50th goal for the club to help them to victory. The Foxes are currently bottom of the Premier League, four points from safety. Nigel Pearson admits survival is still a 'big ask' despite the win against West Ham.
Neil Taylor has been an ever-present for Swansea City this season. The Wales international left-back is wanted by West Bromwich Albion. Swansea are willing to listen to offers for the 26-year-old. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Leicester City beat West Ham 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Esteban Cambiasso scored the opening goal of the game in the 12th minute. Nigel Pearson said he would have given the midfielder man of the match if he hadn't scored. The win was Leicester's first in nine league matches and cut the gap between them and safety to four points with eight games left to play.
Daniel Agger elbowed Mattias Jorgensen in the head during Monday's derby. The former Liverpool defender has been banned for two games by the Danish FA. Agger rejoined Brondby, who are fourth in the league table on 35 points, from Liverpool last August. Brondby are eight points behind city rivals Copenhagen who are second.
James Tomkins hopes to return to action with West Ham before the end of the season. The defender dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month and has undergone successful surgery. 'Hopefully it will not set me back and I will be able to play a couple of games,' Tomkins said on whufc.com.
Haris Vuckic has scored six goals in 10 games for Rangers this season. The 22-year-old has scored three goals in his last two games for the club. Vuckic was one of the Newcastle Five who were shipped out on loan to Rangers. Slovenian has denied a report on Tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit St James Park.
Harry Kane lined up against Etienne Capoue, Nabil Bentaleb, Eric Dier, Roberto Soldado, Danny Rose and Christian Eriksen in a crossbar challenge during open training at White Hart Lane on Thursday. Spurs currently sit sixth in the Premier League table and host Aston Villa on Saturday. Mauricio Pochettino's side are in a shoot-out for fifth place with Liverpool.
Ronny Deila admitted that the first six months in charge of Celtic were mentally tough. The Norwegian was unsure whether he was cut out to be the boss of the Bhoys. Celtic have now picked up their form and lead the Scottish Premiership.
Cristiano Ronaldo was shown a yellow card for diving during Real Madrid's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez, who were also booked, could also miss the game.
Jeremy Peace has fielded enquiries from clubs in America, China and Australia. West Brom chairman is looking to sell the club for between £150m and £200m. Peace does not want a drawn out saga interfering with club's plans for next season. Aston Villa are already in talks with potential buyers.
Rio Ferdinand believes Manchester United are at their strongest with Wayne Rooney in attack. Louis van Gaal has moved his captain further up the pitch after playing him in midfield. Ferdinand also praised Michael Carrick's return to form and fitness. United face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday afternoon.
Glenn Murray has scored a goal every 91 minutes for Crystal Palace this season. He has a better minutes-per-goal ratio than anyone else in the Premier League. Harry Kane and Diego Costa are locked on 19 goals but rank fourth and fifth respectively. Olivier Giroud and Papiss Cisse have had their seasons interrupted by injury. Frank Lampard has a marginally better ratio than Sergio Aguero and ranks sixth.
Peter Quillin will fight Andy Lee in Ireland next weekend. The American has a 71 per cent knockout ratio and is undefeated in his professional career. Quillin has never lost a fight in the ring, but has been criticised for vacating his WBO world title. He took a sabbatical to deal with the birth of his first child and losing his uncle to cancer. But Quillin says he is now focused on his fight with Lee.
Atletico Madrid beat Cordoba 2-0 to move above Valencia in La Liga. Valencia are currently two points behind Atletico but have a game in hand. Antoine Griezmann scored his 15th league goal of the season in the fifth minute. Saul Niguez added a second in the 39th minute to secure the win for Atletico. Cordoba have now lost their last 10 games in all competitions.
Alan Pardew believes he is better than some of the Premier League's big-name managers. The Crystal Palace boss has no plans to leave Selhurst Park in the near future. Pardew says he is'really happy' where he is and doesn't want to jump ship. Palace have won six out of 10 league games under the new manager.
Billy Joe Saunders and Chris Eubank Jnr could rematch in under six weeks. The pair clashed in a 12-round grudge match on November 29. Eubank challenged Saunders to go straight ahead and fight him on May 9. Promoter Frank Warren initially played down the chances of the pair fighting in May, but later said he would work on trying to get the fight on.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-0. The Spaniard has established himself in Louis van Gaal's plans at Old Trafford. Herrera started just three of the 21 games between October 20 and February 17. David Moyes wanted to sign Herrera on deadline day in August 2013.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday night. Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Manchester United before Wayne Rooney doubled their lead. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Tim Sherwood's side late on for Villa. But Herrera added his second and United's third late on to secure the three points. United climbed above rivals Manchester City into third place in the Premier League.
Queens Park Rangers beat West Brom 4-1 at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Joey Barton believes his side have a 'hell of a chance' of staying up. QPR are just three points behind Aston Villa in the Premier League relegation zone. Barton scored QPR's fourth goal in the 4-2 win against West Brom. Eduardo Vargas, Charlie Austin and Bobby Zamora scored for the hosts.
Anthony Joshua stopped experienced American Jason Gavern in the third round. Joshua dropped Gavern twice in the second round and twice in third on his way to victory. Gavern was fighting for the 50th time as a professional but his experience counted for little. The fight was Joshua's 11th professional victory.
Rangers winger David Templeton criticised his former managers Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. Rangers boss Stuart McCall has delivered a sharp rebuke to the winger. Templeton claimed McCall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management. Lee McCulloch has been warned he could lose his place in the starting XI after being sent off against Hearts.
Dereck Chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by Tyson Fury in November. The fight was a final eliminator for a shot at Wladimir Klitschko's WBO title and Fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap. Chisora, meanwhile, has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating. But his promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that he has been back in the gym for the past month and is hoping to make his return to the ring during the summer.
Dave King is back on the Rangers board after being cleared by the Court of Session. The South African-based businessman hopes the SFA will pass him as 'fit and proper' King won 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the boardroom at the club's pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side are now eight points clear at the top of the Premier League. The Red Devils face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Van Gaal has warned his players that Champions League qualification is still not assured. But he sees it as an opportunity to push for a top-two finish.
Xavi has started just five games for Barcelona since the turn of the year. The 35-year-old midfielder has been linked with a move to Al Sadd in Qatar. Xavi set up Jeremy Mathieu's winner for Barcelona against Celta Vigo on Sunday. Manager Luis Enrique believes Xavi has a vital role to play in the final months of the season. Barcelona face Alemria on Wednesday in La Liga and Athletic Bilbao in Copa del Rey final.
Fabian Orellana was shown a straight red card during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Orellana threw a lump of grass at Sergio Busquets during the closing stages of the game. The Celta forward was unhappy with Busquetes' time-wasting tactics. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the match in the 73rd minute to give Barca victory.
Sven Bender says Borussia Dortmund need to start scoring more goals. Jurgen Klopp's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games. Borussia Dortmund face Hoffenheim in the DFB Pokal on Tuesday. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is the clubs top scorer with 18 goals in all competitions.
Franck Ribery turned down a move to Real Madrid five years ago. He was told he was as important to Bayern Munich as Lionel Messi was to Barcelona. Ribery fell out with then-Bayern head coach Louis van Gaal but was sold on his importance. The Frenchman has won four Bundesliga titles and a Champions League with the German giants.
Antonio Di Natale says Alexis Sanchez is the best strike partner he's ever had. Di Natale played alongside Sanchez for five years at Serie A side Udinese. The 37-year-old says the Chilean is better than Neymar, who replaced him at Barcelona. Francesco Totti and Alessandro del Piero have also been Di Natalie's former partners.
Roma beat Napoli 1-0 in Serie A on Saturday, but fans displayed an offensive banner. The banner insulted the mother of a Napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes last year. Antonella Leardi's son Ciro Esposito died after violent clashes following last year's Coppa Italia final. Roma's Stadio Olimpico Stadium will be part closed for league match against Atalanta on April 19.
Malky Mackay was sacked by Wigan Athletic on Monday after dismal run of results. Alan Stubbs is currently embroiled in a promotion battle with Hibs. Stubbs' No 2, John Doolan, formed part of Uwe Rosler's backroom staff at the DW Stadium. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis.
Alessandro Matri opened the scoring for Fiorentina in the 21st minute. Roberto Pereyra doubled the lead shortly before the interval. Leonardo Bonucci scored his side's third goal of the night in the second half. Alvaro Morata was sent off for a clumsy challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Juventus will now face either Napoli or Lazio in the final.
Kevin Toner is out of contract at Aston Villa at the end of the summer. Norwich, Leicester, Newcastle and Stoke have all watched the defender. Toner, 18, is captain of Aston Villa's Under-21 team. Tim Sherwood is keen to develop the club's young talent.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in their Scottish Premiership clash on Friday night. Ronny Deila's side are now eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table. The manager was pleased with his side's performance but berated the state of Scottish pitches. Deila claimed it would be better to play on artificial surfaces.
Celtic beat St Mirren 2-0 in the Scottish Premiership on Friday night. Stefan Johansen scored the second goal with a 79th minute penalty. The Hoops are now eight points clear of Aberdeen at the top of the table. Ronny Deila's side have only lost one league game this season.
Gary Player will attend his 58th Masters this week at Augusta National. Rory McIlroy is favourite to win the tournament after confirming he will play. The Northern Irishman will become the sixth player to win all four majors at the age of 25. Jack Nicklaus, Tiger Woods and Ben Hogan completed the career Grand Slam at the same age. McIlroy will face a stiff challenge from Woods at the Masters.
Rory McIlroy is bidding for his third major title and the completion of his career Grand Slam. The world No 1 is bidding to win at Augusta National for the first time in his career. Tiger Woods won 11 of his 14 majors at the venue, where he is ranked 111th in the world. Phil Mickelson is another player who had to wait until the age of 25 to win his first Masters.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will go head-to-head in the Masters this week. The world No 1 grew up watching Woods as a child in Holywood, Northern Ireland. Woods is one of only five players to win the Masters, The Open, the US PGA Championship and the US Open. McIlroy's rise from child prodigy to the world's best has been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors Nike.
Neymar has not scored for Barcelona since February 15. The Brazil forward looked out of sorts in Sunday's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Luis Enrique insists he is not concerned by Neymar's recent drought. Barcelona host Almeria in the La Liga on Wednesday night. Enrique's side can stretch their lead over second-placed Real Madrid to seven points with a win.
Ian Poulter has two top 10 finishes at the Masters in his 10 attempts. The Englishman has never won a strokeplay event on US soil. Poulter admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled. Rory McIlroy leads a new breed of power hitters ready to clean up the majors.
Glenn Murray and Jason Puncheon scored as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1. Sergio Aguero scored a late consolation goal for Manuel Pellegrini's side. The result leaves City nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea in fourth place. City fans protested after Murray's first goal was allowed to stand, feeling it should have been disallowed for offside. Chilean believes his side should have won a penalty after a second-half handball.
Quinton Fortune claims Neymar looked uncomfortable during Barcelona's 1-0 win over Celta Vigo. Former Manchester United midfielder says Neymar's body language did not look right. Neymar has failed to score in his last four games for Barcelona. Barcelona remain four points clear of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute to hand Barcelona victory.
Charlie Adam scored the goal of his career during Stoke City's defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The 29-year-old saw goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois off his line for a 66-yard effort. Adam's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. John Terry hailed Eden Hazard as one of the world's best players following the win. The Belgian international scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy for the winner. Diego Costa was forced off with a hamstring injury after just 10 minutes on the pitch.
Raheem Sterling has turned down an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Manchester City and Arsenal. Sterling was just 17 years old when he was told off by Brendan Rodgers for answering him back at training. Liverpool face Arsenal in the League and Blackburn in the FA Cup on Thursday.
Darren Bent opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Marco Motta brought down Johnny Russell in the area. Watford equalised through Andre Vydra's deflected shot in the 23rd minute. Tom Ince put Derby 2-1 up in the 57th minute with a low strike into the bottom corner. Odion Ighalo equalised for Watford with 15 minutes to go to secure a point for Steve McClaren's side.
Dundee United have failed to win any of their last 10 games in all competitions. The Tannadice club sold star players Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to Celtic. Manager Jackie McNamara is under pressure following the club's slump. United have reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille and available on a free transfer. The forward's representatives have been made aware of Tottenham's interest. Inter Milan are understood to be leading the chase for the Ghana international. Mauricio Pochettino is known to be a fan of the 25-year-old forward. Click here for more transfer news.
Edinson Cavani insists he has a respectful relationship with Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair's relationship earlier in the season. Cavani admits he and Ibrahimovic are not necessarily friends but insists they respect each other. The PSG forward is frustrated at being played out of position by Laurent Blanc. CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Nick Abendanon was man of the match in Clermont's 37-5 win over Northampton. The former Bath full back scored one try and had a crucial hand in two others. Abendanon won the last of his two England caps back in 2007. Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been linked with a World Cup dispensation.
Paul Casey 'desperately' wants to return to the Ryder Cup. The Englishman has returned to the world's top 50 after leaving the European Tour. But he looks unlikely to rejoin the Tour in time to earn qualifying points this season. Only Tour members can play on the European team and Casey gave up his membership in January to concentrate on the PGA Tour.
Harry Redknapp says Raheem Sterling needs to focus on his football. The former QPR boss insists that Sterling is not ready to move to Real Madrid. Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers insists that his relationship with Sterling is as strong as ever.
Harry Kane believes Tottenham can still qualify for the Champions League. Tottenham are seven points behind Manchester City with seven games to play. Kane became the youngest Premier League captain this season. The 21-year-old led his side out for the first time against Burnley on Sunday.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged their friendship at Tottenham. Les Ferdinand is now head of football operations at Queens Park Rangers. Sherwood and Ramsey are credited with guiding some of the brightest young talents at Spurs and helping them break into the first team. Harry Kane, Andros Townsend and Ryan Mason were brought through Tottenham's youth system by this coaching collective.
Brendan Rodgers insists his relationship with Raheem Sterling is strong. Sterling has never said he wants to leave Liverpool according to Rodgers. The England international has not yet signed a new contract at Anfield. Rodgers says Sterling is focused on his football and will continue to play this season.
Jose Mourinho says he would sell any of his Chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club. Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Arsenal. Brendan Rodgers insists Sterling will not be sold in the summer transfer window. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Michael Owen started his senior career at Liverpool but eventually moved on to Real Madrid. Owen says Raheem Sterling is not good enough to make the same move to the Spanish capital. Sterling rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield this week. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City are all said to be interested in the winger. Liverpool are determined not to let one of their star players leave the club.
Tour guide tricks mob of Emus into coming closer by lying on his back and kicking his legs in the air. It's thought to be an old Aboriginal trick to catch an emu - a bird whose meat was highly valued for its oils. Emus are notoriously curious flightless birds of Australia. Capable of reaching running speeds of up to 70 km/hour, they're said to 'run the pants off a Kangaroo'
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger named Premier League Player and Manager of the Month for March. Giroud scored five goals in four games for Arsenal in the Premier League last month. Arsene Wenger guided Gunners to four victories from four games in the league. Tottenham striker Harry Kane missed out on the award to Olivier Giroud. Kane scored five times in four appearances for Tottenham in March.
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has played in various positions this season under Brendan Rodgers. Sterling has been used as a striker, a No 10, a wide midfielder and now a wing back. Liverpool face Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday at Anfield.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a move away from Liverpool. Brendan Rodgers remains confident that the situation will be resolved in the summer. The 20-year-old has an agent, Aidy Ward, who is developing something of a reputation for an aggressive strategy for his clients. Sterling and Ward should realise that, right now, £100,000 a week is a generous offer.
Dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves. The women filled in a notebook each, and handed it back to Dove. Unbeknownst to the women, those negative remarks and self-body shaming were turned into a script. Played out by two actresses, the script was read aloud as dialogue in a cafe.
The toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on Friday in Yuma, Arizona. Detectives do not suspect foul play. The area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby when the boys were found.
Yeovil Town manager Paul Sturrock suffered relegation on only his second day in charge. The Glovers drew 1-1 with fellow strugglers Notts County at Huish Park. Haydn Hollis' own goal and Garry Thompson's equaliser condemned Yeovil to back-to-back relegations. Sturrock spent four days as an advisor to Conference side Torquay.
Former US president George H.W. Bush looked in good health on Friday as he accompanied Australian tennis player Roy Emerson at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championship in Houston, Texas. Bush, 90, fell ill in December and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath. Smiling and enjoying the fresh air, he seemed to be in better spirits.
Mark O'Meara is the third oldest man in the field in 2015, behind Tom Watson and Ben Crenshaw. The 58-year-old is better placed after 36 holes than he was when he won the green jacket in 1998. But he will have his work cut out if he wants to catch Jordan Spieth, 37 years his junior.
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace in their Premier League clash. The champions laid on six coaches for fans to travel to Selhurst Park for free. However, the coaches set off from the Etihad at 1.30pm and arrived 20 minutes after kick-off. Manuel Pellegrini's side have written to fans to apologise and refund the cost of their tickets.
Advertising entrepreneur John Singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of New South Wales. The luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. Singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $4.25 million in late 2007. Bidding for the May 9 auction to will kick off at $3.5 million.
Stunning shots make up the short-list for the WisdenMCC Cricket Photograph of the Year 2014, which was won by Getty Images photographer Matthew Lewis. His image of West Indies player Dwayne Bravo taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the West Indies to dismiss Australias James Faulkner was taken at the ICC World Twenty20 competition in Bangladesh. But portraits of ordinary players also make the list, from children on a Bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in Kent.
Robbie Fowler has named his FIFA 15 Ultimate Team team for his 40th birthday. Former Liverpool and England striker Fowler has scored 162 goals in the Premier League. EA SPORTS are challenging players to take on his Legends XI to win in-game prizes. Fowler's team is based on a 3-5-2 formation with three central defenders and wing backs.
Gang of fly-tippers dumped 40 tonnes of industrial waste in Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk. Police believe they used three tractors and trailers to transport rubbish to the roadside. PC Mark Bryant, a rural crime officer, said: 'It's horrific. I have never seen anything like it in my 28 years, certainly not in Suffolk, not on that scale'
Cody got stuck in the bog in Belvedere, south-east London, on Friday afternoon. Animal rescue experts spent more than an hour rescuing the horse from the watery ditch. Fire crews worked for an hour and a half to free the distressed animal from the bog. Cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety but otherwise unharmed.
Leaflet attached to green bins told Stratford-upon-Avon residents what items could go in them. But a footnote said: 'This is not recyclable' Residents in the Stratford district were named as among the best recyclers in England. Recycling rate of 59 per cent put Stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide.
Perth Glory fans set off flares during the A-League match between the Perth Glory and Sydney FC at nib Stadium on Friday night. A 13-year-old boy suffered burns to his leg after a flare was set off during the match. Police have charged two teenagers for allegedly setting off flares. VenuesWest has threatened a five year ban on patrons who were involved with setting the flares off within the stadium. Glory were evicted from competing in the finals series and fined $269,000 after being found guilty of breaching the salary cap.
Darron Gibson was injured in Everton's 2-1 win over QPR last month. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to return to pre-season in the best possible shape. Gibson missed almost all of Martinez's first campaign with cruciate ligament damage. Romelu Lukaku is only '50/50' to be involved against Swansea with a hamstring injury.
Eagle Scout Brian Gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his Brooklyn, New York, home on February 17, but didn't come back. His family started a frantic search in the local community, warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language. But police said Friday his body had been discovered at Marine Park Golf Club, just two miles from his home.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in Wembley on Wednesday. He was found with bullet wounds to the chest and had been shot in the chest. The father-of-six was said to have been embroiled in a dispute with mosque. Had been replaced at An-Noor mosque in Acton by Hassan Anyabwile from Trinidad and Tobago. Mr Anyabweil is named in a report on an attempted coup d'état in the Caribbean in 1990. 24 people were killed in the violent attempt by Muslim group Jamaat
Darron Gibson will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage. Roberto Martinez expects Gibson to be ready for pre-season as he does not require surgery. Gibson has endured a wretched time over the last 18 months. Everton will rekindle their long-standing interest in Tom Cleverley in the summer. Cleverley will become a free agent when his Manchester United contract expires.
Bradley Neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first Masters. The 19-year-old Scot has been tipped for big things by Rory McIlroy. Neil earned his invitation to the Masters after winning the Scottish Boys Championship in 2013 and then the British Amateur Championship last year.
Danny Willett is playing in his first ever Masters after carding a one-under 71. The 27-year-old Englishman was frustrated with a rules official for getting in his line-of-sight. Willett's shot from beyond the green trickled all the way across the putting surface and left the preacher's son facing a bogey or worse.
Bradley Neil missed the cut on his Masters debut at Augusta National. The 19-year-old Scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par. 2014 Amateur champion played with 1988 Masters winner Sandy Lyle. Neil admitted he needed to 'give himself a kick up the a***' after struggling.
Sadie the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Alberta, Canada, switching on an electric keyboard with her nose. Footage shows her plonking her front paws down along the keyboard, as she sits with her back legs positioned on the piano stool. After a 20-second rendition, she decides she's had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow.
Long tailbacks built up on both sides of the carriageway between junctions four and five in Ortford, Kent. The stretch of the motorway was closed so an air ambulance could land to rescue a seriously injured female motorcyclist. Police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of road. Kent Police tweeted warning motorists to remain inside their vehicles in the gridlock.
Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson go out in penultimate group on Friday at 6.48pm (BST) World No 1 is seven shots behind first-round leader Jordan Spieth. McIlroy is bidding to complete a career grand slam at Augusta. The Northern Irishman recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71.
Sebastian Vettel won the second race of the season in Malaysia. Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg finished second and third. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff insists there is no need to ask for more money. Hamilton heads to Shanghai having won the Chinese Grand Prix last year.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in the Miami Open final on Sunday. The British No 1 beat Tomas Berdych in straight sets in the semi-final in Miami. Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. Djokovic has won his past nine finals at Masters-level events. Click here for more tennis news.
Glasgow Warriors have been placed on high alert. Richie Gray will be sold to the highest bidder if Castres are relegated. Gray has one year left on his contract but will be released should the club go down. Fellow Scotland internationals Johnnie Beattie and Max Evans also expected to leave.
Lawrence Dallaglio views poor performance of English clubs in Europe as a 'crisis' for French rugby rather than evidence of a gulf in class between the Aviva Premiership and Top 14. Saracens are the nation's solitary representative in the semi-finals after Bath, Northampton and Wasps tumbled out of the Champions Cup over the weekend. Most alarming of the defeats was Clermont's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning Premiership champions and runaway leaders Saints, whose director of rugby Jim Mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the English and French leagues.
Tom Croft has signed a new contract with Leicester to keep him at the club. The flanker has suffered a catalogue of injuries in recent seasons. Croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the Tigers victory over Newcastle last month. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill said it was the right thing to do for Croft.
Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury by signing a new one-year contract extension. Poynton, 25, missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries sustained in a road accident in which his father Keith died last April. He will be available for the start of the season.
Rangers have promised to probe claims Mike Ashley has grabbed control of the club's badges. Reports emerged suggesting the Newcastle owner was now the official owner of the Light Blues trademarks. Ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan. Dave King's new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims.
Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg in Malaysia. Ferrari's technical director James Allison believes Mercedes will lead the way in China this weekend. Allison is not expecting back-to-back Ferrari wins this season. He says it is too early to tell if Ferrari can challenge Mercedes all season.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table. It is the first time this has happened since November 23, 2013 following the same number of games played. City now trail United by a point, following their 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday. The last time this happened United were sixth on 20 points, one ahead of City after 11 games. Manchester derby takes place at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon.
Cristiano Ronaldo will start for Real Madrid against Eibar on Saturday. His yellow card for diving in Wednesday's 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano has been rescinded. Ronaldo was booked after being brought down by Antonio Amaya inside the box. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez will miss Saturday's game after picking up bookings.
Sergio Aguero has scored six goals in Manchester derby meetings with United. Aguero says it is even more special to score in the big games at Old Trafford. The Argentine forward has hailed fellow South American Radamel Falcao ahead of the derby. Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the Coppa Italia final (2-1 on aggregate) They will face Juventus in the final on June 7. Senad Lulic scored the winning goal for Lazio against Napoli on Wednesday night. Defender Mauricio captured the Lazio fans' celebrations using a selfie stick.
Hector Bellerin has impressed for Arsenal this season. The 20-year-old right back has been linked with a return to former club Barcelona. Bellerin left the Catalan giants four years ago as he pursued a faster route to first-team football, eventually opting for Arsenal in the Premier League. PSG and Manchester United are both interested in signing Dani Alves.
James Rodriguez has scored 13 goals and laid on 12 for his team-mates this season. Real Madrid have won 80 per cent of their games when he's been in the side. Cristiano Ronaldo's appeal against red card for diving will be heard on Friday. Roberto Mancini wants to sign Yaya Toure, Filipe Luis and Lucas Leiva at Inter Milan.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored a penalty and set up Loic Remy's winner at Stamford Bridge. Blues are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Jose Mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick in Paris Saint-Germain's 4-1 win over Saint Etienne. The 33-year-old has now scored 102 goals in less than three years at PSG. Ibrahimovic has never played in the Premier League for a club other than Ajax. PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals next week.
Bayern Munich beat Bayer Leverkusen 5-3 on penalties to reach German Cup semi-final. Pep Guardiola is concerned about the absence of Franck Ribery and Arjen Robben. Ribery is out with an ankle injury while Robben is out until May with a stomach muscle tear. Munich face Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
David Luiz tore his hamstring in PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille on Sunday night. The 27-year-old will be out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the severity of the injury. Luiz posted an Instagram picture sporting a new hairdo in the style of a man bun. PSG face Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday.
The 2015 Indian Premier League begins on April 8 and runs until May 24. Eight teams will play a total of 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round India in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament's eighth edition. Can Kolkata Knight Riders retain their title? Will Virat Kohli lead the Royal Challengers Bangalore to their first title? Can MS Dhoni's Chennai Super Kings win their third crown? And who are the players to watch out for in the 2015 edition?
Tim Sherwood has branded Aston Villas stars icing on the cake players Aston Villa host Queens Park Rangers on Tuesday night in the Premier League. Sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to avert their relegation crisis. QPR will be without striker Eduardo Vargas on Tuesday evening.
Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR at Villa Park on Tuesday night. The striker's late free-kick brought his tally up to 11 goals for the season. Gabriel Agbonlahor was Villa's best performer with a rating of 7.5. Matt Phillips totted up his sixth assist of the year against Villa and is proving key for Queens Park Rangers.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby start for Arsenal Under 21s on Tuesday. Midfield trio have been sidelined since November with various injuries. Wilshere has not played since breaking his foot against Manchester United. Diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade but played last week. Teenage winger Serge Gnabry is also in the starting line-up for Steve Gatting's side.
Liam Treadwell has been booked to ride Monbeg Dude in Saturday's Grand National. Treadwell won the race on Venetia Williams-trained 100-1 shot Mon Mome in 2009. Rugby Union star Mike Tindall co-owns former Welsh National winner Monbega Dude. His wife Zara Phillips has helped with schooling a gelding who once had jumping issues.
England captain Alastair Cook insists he is'refreshed' by winter break. Cook has had little time to regain perspective after Christmas sabbatical. England face West Indies in three Tests this month before trip to New Zealand. Speculation over Kevin Pietersen's future will overshadow England's tour of the Caribbean.
Nabil Fekir has been attracting interest from Manchester City and Arsenal. The 21-year-old's father Mohamed does not want his son to sit on the bench at City. Fekir recently split with his agents after his family were reportedly disappointed with their insistence on pursuing a move to the Etihad Stadium. Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Kevin Pietersen has re-signed for Surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely Test return. Graham Gooch said Pietersen had 'wiped the floor with the ECB' in the lengthy PR battle since his sacking in 2014. Pietersen appeared to take exception to Gooch's suggestion that a Test series victory in the West Indies this month would take the 34-year-old's name off the agenda.
Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby set to feature for Arsenal Under 21s. The trio are continuing their recoveries from injury but could feature against Stoke. Wilshere has been out of action since November with a broken foot. Arteta picked up an ankle injury against Borussia Dortmund last month. Diaby has been blighted by injuries for the best part of a decade with the club.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 in their La Liga clash on Sunday evening. Jeremy Mathieu scored the only goal of the game in the 73rd minute. Fabian Orellana was sent off for throwing a chunk of grass at Sergio Busquets. The Celta striker was shown a straight red card for the incident.
Kevin Pietersen has not played in the LV= County Championship since 2013. The batsman rejoined Surrey after incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves said domestic form would help him win an England recall. Pietersen has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against Oxford MCCU on April 12 and he is due to return to the nets on Monday. Alastair Cook and Peter Moores were coy on Pietersen's chances of a recall.
Diego Costa limped off with a hamstring injury after coming on at half-time. Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Cesc Fabregas and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side. Eden Hazard scored and assisted in the same Premier League match for seventh time.
Manuel Pellegrini hopes financial restrictions imposed by UEFA will be lifted. City have been limited to a net transfer spend of £49million in the last two transfer windows. UEFA said penalties would remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season. But the club's latest financial figures showed a £23million reduction in losses of £23m. Man City have been heavily linked with moves for Raheem Sterling and Kevin de Bruyne.
Brittany Lincicome beat Stacy Lewis in a play-off to win the ANA Inspiration. It was the LPGA's opening major of the year at Mission Hills Country Club in California. The 29-year-old eagled the 18th hole to seal a dramatic victory over Lewis. Lincicombe also jumped into Poppie's Pond for the second time after winning in 2009.
Sean Dyche has impressed for Burnley in the Premier League this season. Steve McClaren has been linked with a move to Newcastle and Sunderland. Derby want Dyche to replace McClaren regardless of which division they are in. Burnley host Tottenham on Sunday still fighting for top-flight survival.
Darren Bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for Derby since joining on loan. Striker was out of favour with Aston Villa boss Paul Lambert and replaced by Tim Sherwood. Bent's contract at Villa expires at the end of the season and he could be a free agent. The 31-year-old says he 'wouldn't rule anything out' and is focused on promotion.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey know each other inside out. Their careers could be shaped by 90 minutes of football at Villa Park. The pair lived just 10 minutes apart in Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire. QPR come into the match with confidence after a convincing 4-1 victory over Villa's neighbours West Brom.
Liverpool are eight points behind Manchester United in fourth place in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Jordan Henderson has urged his team not to give up on Champions League hopes. Henderson is targeting seven wins out of seven in the league and an immediate response at Blackburn.
Aston Villa host QPR at Villa Park in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Tim Sherwood has urged his players to man up ahead of the game at Loftus Road. Victory would move Villa five points clear of the drop zone but they will return to the bottom three if QPR win. Sherwood faces his friend and former Tottenham assistant Chris Ramsey for the first time since they both left Spurs last summer. The pair forged a close friendship at White Hart Lane and remain close. Ramsey has admitted his job at QPR could be under threat if they get relegated.
QPR drew 3-3 at Aston Villa in the Premier League on Tuesday night. Chris Ramsey's side remain two points adrift of safety in the bottom three. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to keep Villa above the relegation zone. Clint Hill scored his first Premier League goal of the season in the draw. The defender says QPR will survive if they keep their heads and keep calm.
Sean Dyche has been linked with a move to Derby County. The Clarets boss insists he is enjoying life at Turf Moor. Dyche will be in the away dugout for Arsenal's clash with Burnley. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Chris Ramsey and Tim Sherwood will go head-to-head on Tuesday night. QPR boss believes his friend and neighbour will keep Aston Villa in the Premier League. Ramsey and Sherwood worked together at Tottenham for four years in various roles. The pair live within 10 minutes of each other and will share words in advance. A win for QPR in Birmingham will see them move above Villa on goal difference.
QPR drew 3-3 with Aston Villa in their Premier League clash at Villa Park. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick and Charlie Austin looked to have won it for the visitors. QPR chairman Tony Fernandes was watching the game on his iPhone. Fernandes spoke of his despair after his team twice threw away a lead. He praised the character of Clint Hill and manager Chris Ramsey on Twitter.
The 20-year-old was questioned by Dutch police on'suspicion of a sexual offence' Wallace was with Vitesse's squad for their trip to Excelsior and fined by the Dutch club. The right back is on a season-long loan at the Dutch outfit from Chelsea. Vitesse have refused to comment on the nature of the offence which led to the arrest.
Eight clubs are still in contention for promotion to the Premier League. Bournemouth, Norwich, Watford, Middlesbrough, Derby, Wolves, Brentford and Ipswich could all be playing in the top flight next season. Troy Deeney, Matt Ritchie, Will Hughes, Bradley Johnson, Patrick Bamford, Bakary Sako and Will Hughes are all in contention to play in England's top flight. Wolves' Sako has become a cult hero at Molineux but looks certain to leave in the summer.
Women's crews will battle the same Thames course as the men on Saturday. It has been 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators. The 161st Oxford-Cambridge Boat Race will be televised for the first time. Melissa Wilson's grandfather, 85-year-old Richard Cowell, will be able to watch the race.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road in the Premier League on Sunday. John Terry was caught up in a race controversy with Anton Ferdinand in 2011. Terry was cleared in court of racially abusing Ferdinand but was banned and fined by the FA. The Chelsea captain was stripped of the England captaincy amid the fall-out. He was also fined £220,000 for 'using abusive language related to colour'
The Oxford University Women's Boat Race team were overcome by choppy waters. Crew members from the Chiswick RNLI station came to the assistance of the Oxford crew and their cox. Conditions were caused by strong wind against the tide creating three successive waves. The sunken eight was recovered and returned to Oxford's base.
Nathan Hughes was given a three-match ban for knocking out George North. Northampton wing North was knocked out and had to be taken off on a stretcher. Wasps are set to appeal the decision and will not allow Hughes to face Toulon this weekend. Club say incident was an accident and no foul play had occurred.
Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas are just one booking away from suspension. The pair could miss games against Arsenal and Manchester United if they are shown a yellow card. Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in the London derby. Mourinho would not be drawn on John Terry's return to the club after his four-match ban.
Leeds Rhinos beat Castleford Tigers 26-12 at the Mend-A-Hose Jungle. Joel Moon, Adam Cuthbertson, Stevie Ward and Ryan Hall scored tries for Leeds. Leeds extended their unbeaten run against the Tigers to six matches. Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield sat out during the week he announced he was switching codes.
Northampton have ruled out winger George North for the game against Clermont Auvergne on Saturday. Northampton director of rugby Jim Mallinder said the winger has been sent to see a neurosurgeon. The 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by Wasps No 8 Nathan Hughes's knee as he was scoring a try at Franklin's Gardens last Friday night. Rory Lamont has called for North to be rested for six months.
Tom Lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick. Hull FC beat Widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last June. Jamie Shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for Hull.
George North suffered a third confirmed concussion in just four months. Northampton wing was knocked out against Wasps last Friday. The Wales and Lions wing will be reassessed at the end of April. Saints medics will monitor his progress throughout the stand-down period.
Jacob Fairbank was injured in Halifax's victory over Hunslet on Easter Monday. The 25-year-old fractured his ankle and suffered ligament damage. Huddersfield Giants managing director Richard Thewlis described it as a 'bad blow'
Jonathan Trott failed twice with the bat during England's warm-up in St Kitts. Trott looks set to open with Alastair Cook in the first Test against West Indies. Yorkshire's Adam Lyth was dropped twice before falling to a poor shot outside off-stump for 23. England completed four days of practice cricket in Basseterre on Thursday.
Ben Stokes took three wickets for 10 runs in England's warm-up match in St Kitts. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott put on 158 for England's first innings against a St Kitt's & Nevis XI. Stokes described Cook as one of the best batsmen in the world after his return to form.
Richie Benaud revealed late last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. The 84-year-old cricket legend had skin cancers on his forehead and the top of his head. He said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen. 'When I was a kid we never ever wore a cap,' Benaud told the Nine Network about growing up in Australia in the 1930s and 40s. 'I wish I had. You live and learn as you go along' The cricket commentary box legend talked about the radiation treatment he was
Chelsea beat Stoke 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Loic Remy scored his second consecutive winner for the Blues. Diego Costa left the game with a hamstring injury after coming on at half-time. Jose Mourinho praised the professionalism and scoring ability of Remy. Mourinho said the striker has already made a crucial contribution to Chelsea.
Former Olympic gymnast, 25, posts endless stream of topless selfies on Instagram. Mostly taken between pine door of his stone wall bathroom and a large mirror. 'Im just sharing my physique,' he said in an interview. Has been dating former TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh since December last year.
Kyle Walker suffered the injury during Tottenham's 0-0 draw with Burnley. The 24-year-old collided with Kieran Trippier during the game at Turf Moor. Scans have revealed that Walker has not broken his foot. More tests will be carried out this week to determine the full extent of the injury.
Cameron Thomas Philp was caught spitting on a police forensics van in 2013. He was fined $300 but avoided a conviction after pleading guilty to wilful damage of police property. Mr Philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car and that it was out of character for him.
Cressida Bonas, 26, says she is more than happy being single following split from Prince Harry. Says: 'Im a strong, independent woman, she says in new interview to promote Mulberry role. Miss Bonas dated Harry for two years until last April when they split up. She has just finished playing Cecily in The Importance of Being Ernest at the London Oratory.
Chris Tremlett believes Kevin Pietersen can resurrect his Test career. Surrey paceman believes Paul Downton's departure opens the door. Pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since June 2013 after agreeing a new deal with Surrey. The 34-year-old was sacked by the ECB in February 2014. Captain Gareth Batty claims the Surrey dressing room is 'even better'
Kevin Pietersen believes Michael Vaughan is the right man to lead England Cricket. Vaughan is the hot favourite to be appointed as the new director of England cricket. Pietersen believes Vaughan will 'change the brand of cricket currently being played' in England. Giles Clarke will become the first ECB president on May 14. CLICK HERE for all the latest cricket news.
Arsene Wenger won the Manager of the Month award for Arsenal in March. The Frenchman has won 14 of the gongs in total - 14 at Arsenal and 13 at Liverpool. Sir Alex Ferguson won 27 of the awards from August 1993 to October 2012. David Moyes won 10 times at Everton and Jose Mourinho three times at Chelsea. Harry Redknapp, Martin O'Neill, Bobby Robson, Rafa Benitez and Sam Allardyce also have six. Joe Kinnear won four times as Wimbledon manager during his days at the club.
Alec Stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new Director of England Cricket following the sacking of Paul Downton. Stewart played in a record 133 Tests for England and is currently director of cricket at Surrey. The early bookies favourite for the post is Michael Vaughan, the former England captain who is close to incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey forged a close bond during their time together at Tottenham. Sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at Aston Villa Park. Ramsey took over as QPR manager until the end of the season in February. The 52-year-old has lost six out of his seven games in charge of the London club.
Francis Coquelin has impressed for Arsenal since returning from Charlton loan. The 23-year-old has become an integral part of Arsene Wenger's midfield this season. Arsenal face Liverpool at the Emirates on Saturday in the Premier League. Coquelin wants to emulate club legend Patrick Vieira in the long-term.
Will Stack, 22, a U.S. Army National Guardsman, was pulled over in South Carolina. He was making a left turn out of Lexington County Courthouse on Wednesday when he was stopped. Says he was given a warning for 'improper use of the median' by a 'Caucasian officer' In video, which has gone viral on social media, he explains why he is telling his story. Insists that 'just because you're black doesn't mean you're a victim' and that 'there are good cops out there' 'I feel like people need
Jeanetta Riley, 35, a mother-of-three daughters was killed last July after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in Sandpoint. The troubled Native American woman, who was addicted to meth and alcohol, had been taken to the hospital by her husband, Shane, following threats she made to kill herself. While parked outside of the emergency room of Bonner General Hospital, she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a-half-inch blade. In the video, Jeanetta is heard in an exchange with officers as they repeatedly tell her to
Georgina Rojas-Medina, 41, and her common-law husband, Gerardo Tovar, 44, were found shot to death in their Tulare, California, home on Saturday. The couple's 4-year-old daughter was in the house at the time of the murder-suicide but was unharmed. Tovar shot his wife, then turned the gun on himself, according to police.
Children who share iPads in class do better in early literacy tests than those who don't. Courtney Blackwell, at Northwestern University in the US, worked with 352 students over a year. Shared iPad students scored around 30 points higher than students who used the device on their own and non-iPad users. Findings suggest its the collaborative learning around the technology that made the difference'
Structure was once a two-story home, built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees. But when the trees started shooting up again, the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains so they built up. Now it teeters at an impressive 12 storys high, bearing a stark resemblance to the kind of houses drawn in Dr Seuss's books.
Todd Phillips, a front-outside tire changer for Dayle Coyne Racing, was injuried when he was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.
Four-seater Cessna 172 is believed to have crashed on Autobahn 28 near Hatten, Oldenburg. Three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital, local police said. One man, believed to be co-piloting the plane, is in a'serious condition' Plane crash-landed between a wildlife fence and a guardrail, just feet away from cars.
Vincent Kompany has hit back at UEFA's Financial Fair Play regulations. Manchester City captain claims they protect the established order of clubs. Premier League champions were deemed to have breached FFP regulations last year. City were fined £50million and ordered to operate with a £49m transfer kitty this season. Kompany says City's owners have invested heavily to build a successful club.
Right-handed reliever John Axford was placed on the family medical emergency list by the Colorado Rockies on Sunday. His son had surgery last Monday - opening day for the Rockies - on his right foot to remove necrotic tissue. Axford said the toes of 2-year-old Jameson 'look fine,' but doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection. Jameson will board an emergency medical flight on Monday to Denver for more treatment.
Dina Talaat put on a spectacular show at Confederation of African Football's (CAF) Ordinary General Assembly in Cairo. Delegates stayed in adjoining hall inside hotel until end of performance, it was claimed. Video of the performance has since gone viral online and has been described as'scandal and farce' But Mrs Talaatt said she did not know what all the fuss was about and was honoured.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling all scored. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City. The result all but ended City's Premier League title hopes.
Secret cameras at Lord Nelson pub in east London picked up 70 hours of footage. One man told his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman. Three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction. Another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 2-0 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored his first goal for City since February against Barcelona. Michael Carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf in the second half. Louis van Gaal said it was an error from him to give too many minutes to his substitutes.
Lewis Moody, Danny Grewcock and Josh Lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt. Poor visibility at makeshift 800m strip beside Camp Barneo first caused aborted landing. The experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway. But the stars played down reports of a near miss as they celebrated a safe return.
Hibs beat Hearts 2-0 in the Edinburgh derby to stay second in the Championship. Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui scored either side of half-time at Tynecastle. Alan Stubbs' side remain level on points with Rangers at the top of the table.
Richie Benaud died peacefully in his sleep on Friday surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. He had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November when he was admitted to a Sydney hospice on Thursday. Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered his family a state funeral, calling Benaud's death the 'greatest loss for cricket since the loss of Don Bradman' Daphne Benaud has reportedly settled on a private gathering with only immediate family, indicating the 'no fuss' approach is the way the former Test captain would have wanted it.
Diane Blankenship, 45, charged with unlawful sexual activity and lewd battery. She allegedly had sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her car in December last year. Dayspring Academy in Tampa, Florida, says she has been placed on administrative leave.
Australian artist George Gittoes has just been awarded the Sydney Peace Prize. The 65-year-old was named as the recipient on Saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world. Gittoes, born in southern Sydney, has chronicled conflicts in Africa, Asia, Europe and the Middle East through painting, photography and film. He will receive the prize at a November ceremony in Sydney.
The video was filmed at the Orana Wildlife Park - New Zealand's only open-range zoo. It shows the lions interacting with visitors who stand inside a metal cage attached to a car. The lions can be seen scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars. They can also be seen chasing after the people in the hope of receiving more food.
Two police officers have been injured after attempting to shut down an enormous 1000 person rave in Sydney's East. Police were forced to use capsicum spray on partygoers after the crowd became violent. Most of the partygoers were moved from the scene relatively easily, but a number began to throw glass bottles. The male officer was treated at the scene and later had a piece of glass removed from is head at the Prince of Wales Hospital.
Four men have been caught on CCTV robbing a service station in Melbourne. They filled a doona cover with $38,000 worth of cigarettes. However they struggled to fit their loot into the boot and lost about a third of it as they dragged the stash alongside the car during their getaway. The men are wanted by Victoria Police for a series of break-ins on at least five different establishments.
Crash occurred at Moorabin Airport, near Melbourne, shortly before noon on Saturday. It is believed one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane. Both pilots involved in the crash were students. Ambulance Victoria confirmed three people were injured in the incident.
Troy Slezak from Huntington Beach, California, filmed his seven-month-old daughter Stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home. Footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs. At one point Stella places one hand by Boo's mouth - but the friendly dog doesn't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back.
Chelsea face QPR in the west London derby at Loftus Road on Sunday. Jose Mourinho has been trialling a formation with Ramires and Nemanja Matic in midfield. Cesc Fabregas is likely to play in a more advanced role behind Didier Drogba up front. Willian will start on the right and Oscar may drop out of the starting line up. Oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games.
Melbourne woman Clare Verrall was randomly attacked while walking her dog on Wednesday night. She was just a few streets away from her home in Prahran with her french bulldog Dutchy when a man jumped out from behind some bins and attacked her. The 31-year-old was left with a black eye, broken nose and broken toe from the altercation. Victoria Police have released an image of the man they believe to be a suspect, who has a distinctive neck tattoo.
Sebastian Vettel won the Malaysian Grand Prix for Ferrari in Sepang. It was the German's first win for the team since the Spanish Grand Prix in May 2013. The four-time world champion returned to a hero's welcome at the team's factory after the race. Ferrari have not won a race at Maranello since Fernando Alonso's triumph in 2013.
LA Galaxy move off the foot of the Western Conference in Major League Soccer. Robbie Keane and Clint Dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury. Striker Alan Gordon scored his second goal of the season in the first half. The Galaxy claimed just their second win of the 2015 MLS season.
David Powell arrested after the pensioner's body was discovered at her Stoke-on-Trent home. The body has not yet been formally identified but is understood to be his mother Celilia Powell. Mr Powell was arrested after detectives were called to his home on Thursday night. He is due to appear before magistrates at Newcastle-under-Lyme today.
Daniel Ricciardo practices with a martial artist at Guyi Garden ahead of Chinese Grand Prix. Red Bull have had a disappointing start to the 2015 Formula One season. Ricciardo finished sixth in Australia and 10th in Malaysia. The Australian is hoping to kick-start his season with a strong showing in Shanghai.
Eden Hazard reached 100 Premier League appearances for Chelsea on Sunday. The Belgian has scored 35 goals and made 25 assists in his 100th league game. Graeme Souness believes Hazard should be named PFA Player of the Year. Souness compares Hazard to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo with his 'dancing feet'
Aljaz Bedene beat Maxime Chazal 6-3 6-2 in the opening round of qualifying for the Casablanca Open. The Slovenian-born 25-year-old has lived in the UK for seven years and is now a citizen. Bedene is ranked 83rd in the world and is the British number two behind Andy Murray.
Thousands of female race-goers flocked to Aintree for Ladies' Day. Fashion and drunken frolics once again took centre stage with flamboyant numbers. Many opted for dresses that wouldn't have been out of place at a wedding. Others opted for full-skirted looks bedecked with blooms in pastel shades of lemon.
Cambridge United chairman Dave Doggett has warned of a new breed of hooliganism. He believes groups of up to 10 men - aged in their 50s and 60s - are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals prior to games. Older men return to watching their team play in their retirement and fears there is a danger they will try to encourage younger fans to join their 'gangs' Warning comes as football chiefs across the country continue to promote the Kick It Out campaign.
Alassan Gobitaca, known as Al the Jumper, is a Swedish Guinness World Record holder. He has jumped over everything from a Lamborghini travelling at 80mph to a pair of moving motorbikes. In the clip, which features on interactive TV show Worlds Most Talented, he successfully completes the jump.
Lewis Hamilton was quickest in first practice ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. Mercedes driver was 0.541secs clear of team-mate Nico Rosberg in Shanghai. Sebastian Vettel was third, with Kimi Raikkonen 4th and Daniel Ricciardo 6th. Jenson Button was 13th and Fernando Alonso 17th in his McLaren.
Masters leader Jordan Spieth tees off at 2:55pm local time at Augusta on Saturday. Justin Rose and Paul Casey will be in Saturday's penultimate pairing with Dustin Johnson. Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods will step onto the course at 12:45pm and 1:15pm UK time. Tiger Woods and Sergio Garcia will be joined by Bubba Watson and Justin Rose at 1:30pm.
Keanu Reeves visited the Red Bull headquarters in Milton Keynes. The Hollywood actor has been pictured at Grand Prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead. He grilled Red Bull chief technical officer Adrian Newey and checked out pitstops. Reeves said his love for the sport comes partly from its similarity to the film business.
Fernando Alonso says he will retire from Formula One once his deal with McLaren-Honda comes to an end. The Spaniard has been with the team since he was just three years old. Alonso won the world championship with Renault in 2005 and was second three times with Ferrari.
Sergio Perez fears 'a very painful year' lies ahead if Force India's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud. Build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the Silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace. The Mexican was 10th in the season-opening race in Australia and 13th in Malaysia recently.
AP McCoy rode Jezki to a thumping victory in the Grade One Aintree Hurdle. Ruby Walsh's Arctic Fire fell at the final hurdle at the Grand National Festival. McCoy was eventually able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory. The soon-to-retire 40-year-old has promised to call it quits if he wins this weekend.
Tim Swiel will return to Harlequins next season on a full-time contract. The 21-year-old spent four months on loan with Quins earlier this season. Swindle-born fly-half made 10 appearances during his loan spell.
Charlie Hemphrey is the first Englishman to hit a Sheffield Shield hundred since John Hampshire for Tasmania in 1978. The 25-year-old has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade. Hemphrey suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the English system. Kent, Derbyshire and Essex all knocked him back in his early career.
Russian SU-27 Flanker 'aggressively' cut into U.S. RC-135U plane's path over Poland, Pentagon claims. Pentagon officials have slammed the move as 'unprofessional' and 'unsafe' State Department will file complaint to Russia 'through diplomatic channels' Russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception.
Jacques Burger is alleged to have struck Racing scrum-half Maxime Machenaud. Saracens beat Racing Metro 12-11 in Champions Cup quarter-final in Paris on Sunday. Burger will face a disciplinary hearing on Thursday. Welshman Simon Thomas has been appointed as independent judicial officer.
Steven Finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into England's Test squad. The Middlesex seamer admits he finds it 'baffling' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark. Finn was one of the few pluses of England's dismal World Cup campaign. Coach Peter Moores overlooked Finn for the current three-Test West Indies tour, but has told him he remains in England's plans.
Elia Viviani was involved in a crash in the final kilometre of Scheldeprijs. Viviani hit the barriers and went to hospital for x-rays. Sir Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas avoided being caught up in the crash. Alexander Kristoff took the win with only 14 riders contesting the sprint.
Shai Hope and Carlos Brathwaite have been included in the 14-man squad. Denesh Ramdin will continue to skipper the side for the three-Test series. Sheldon Cottrell, Miguel Cummins, Shane Dowrich, Shane Gabriel, Leon Johnson and Veerasammy Permaul have all been stood down.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the Boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read. The jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison. Tsarnaev's conviction was widely expected, given his lawyer's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing.
Jonas Gutierrez will trigger contract extension at Newcastle if he starts the remaining seven matches of the season. Gutierrez twice beat testicular cancer before being told to find a new club. Argentine has said he will never forgive Newcastle for their handling of his illness. The 31-year-old was the only United player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekends 1-0 defeat at Sunderland.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham so far this season. Tim Sherwood believes Tottenham need to keep pace with Harry Kane's progression. Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke has scored seven goals in his last five games. Sherwood also praised the form of his strike partner, Gabriel Agbonlahor.
West Ham currently sit first in the Premier League table with 999 points. Sam Allardyce's side are eight ahead of second-placed Burnley. The Hammers will be playing at Upton Park next season before moving to the Olympic Stadium. Allardyce wants his side to qualify for the Europa League via Fair Play next season. Hammers boss believes his side have a 'good chance' of doing so.
Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager on Thursday. The Ibrox side crashed to a second Championship defeat of the season. Derek Lyle, Gavin Reilly and a Lee Wallace own goal gave Queen of the Souths play-off hopes a massive boost. McCall is adamant that confidence will not be dented by the scale of the loss.
Seb Larsson suspended for Sunderland after picking up 10 bookings against Newcastle. Jack Rodwell will return to the Black Cats squad after hamstring problem. Sunderland have only scored more than twice in two Premier League games this season. Crystal Palace midfielder Joe Ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness. Mile Jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension.
Neymar shows off his footballing brain as he shows off skills on Instagram. Barcelona ace shows off array of skills out of hours as he juggles the ball. Former Santos man will be hoping to impress when Barcelona face Sevilla on Saturday. Barca are four points clear at the top of La Liga with Real Madrid in second.
Philadelphia beat New York City FC 2-1 in the 92nd minute. Perry Kitchen and Damien Perrinelle scored for the visitors. Sanna Nyassi scored the only goal as San Jose beat MLS-leading Vancouver. Giles Barnes ended Houston's 274-minute scoring drought in 3-0 win over Montreal.
Bastia president Pierre-Marie Geronimi has called for French League president Frederic Thiriez to step down. Thiriez did not come down to the pitch to shake the players' hands ahead of Saturday's League Cup final against PSG. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored in PSG's 4-0 win.
Manchester United sit above Manchester City in the Premier League table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches. Manuel Pellegrini has branded the last three months of City's season as 'garbage' due to poor form. The Chilean wants City to flex their financial muscles in this summer's transfer market. Manchester United beat City 2-1 at Old Trafford in 2011 with Wayne Rooney scoring an acrobatic overhead kick.
Palermo have not picked up a win away from home since November 2. Defender Roberto Vitiello says his side must 'bounce back' against Udinese. Udinese are 13th in Serie A and one point adrift of Palermo in 11th place. The Rossaneri were beaten by bottom-side Parma in midweek and have not won in four.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday. Carlo Ancelotti's side kept their title hopes alive with the win. Ronaldo's hat-trick was the first time he has scored five in one game in his career. Barcelona defeated Celta Vigo 1-0 courtesy of Jeremy Mathieu's diving header.
Glenn Murray scored the winner as Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday. The Cumbrian striker has scored five goals in his last five games for the Eagles. Murray boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in Europe's top five leagues. Alan Pardew signed a new contract for the 31-year-old striker in January.
Real Madrid host Rayo Vallecano in La Liga on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti will have James Rodriguez and Isco available for the first time in two months. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals in Real Madrid's 9-1 win over Granada on Sunday. Real are four points behind leaders Barcelona in the race for the La Liga title. Lionel Messi will be hoping to return to scoring form against Almeria.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals. Fernando Hierro believes Real can win the competition for a second successive season. Carlo Ancelotti's side won the competition in 2012 and 2013. Hierro believes that winning the competition is in the DNA of Real Madrid. He believes that the current squad can go on a European run like the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 35th minute. Manchester City appealed for offside but Murray's goal stood at Selhurst Park. Yaya Toure equalised for the Premier League champions in the second half. Manuel Pellegrini's side are now nine points adrift of leaders Chelsea in fourth place.
Gareth Bale opened the scoring in Real Madrid's 9-1 win against Granada. The Welsh winger scored twice for Wales during the international break. Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Los Blancos bounced back from their El Clasico defeat by Barcelona with a thumping win at the Bernabeu.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 to reach the Coppa Italia final on Wednesday night. Senad Lulic's late goal secured Lazio a 2-1 aggregate win over the Serie A side. The Biancoceleste will face Juventus in the final on June 7 in Rome. Manager Stefano Pioli said there is still a lot of work to be done for Lazio. Empoli travel to the Italian capital looking to clinch only their second win on the road.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini is bracing his side for a ferocious derby clash at the Etihad Stadium. City have unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the Premier League table. Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for City's clash with Louis van Gaal's side. CLICK HERE for Manchester City transfer news.
West Ham have picked up just 11 points in the Premier League since the turn of the year. Co-owner David Sullivan admitted the last 12 games have been 'exceedingly disappointing' Sam Allardyce has told the co-owner not to judge his team on that alone. The Hammers boss feels the season as a whole has been a success so far. Click here for West Ham transfer news.
Manchester United defender Chris Smalling visited his old judo club. The 25-year-old was at one stage named national champion for his age group. Smalling signed for United from Fulham in 2008 after impressing for Maidstone United. Louis van Gaal's side take on Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Sunday 4pm) Vincent Kompany is doubtful for Manchester City with a hamstring injury. Manchester United have lost their last four league games against City. Sergio Aguero has scored four goals in his last three Premier League games against United.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road (Sunday 1.30pm) QPR will be without experienced defender Richard Dunne. Diego Costa will miss the west London derby with a hamstring injury. Eden Hazard will make his 100th Premier League appearance for Chelsea.
Wayne Rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the Manchester derby. The Manchester United striker scored a spectacular overhead kick to win the derby in 2011. Rooney's overhead kick cemented his place in United folklore. Paul Scholes' header kept United in the title race in 2010-11. Robin van Persie's deflected free-kick put United six points clear at the top of the league.
Manchester United face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini was jeered by both City and United fans in 3-0 defeat last season. Louis van Gaal has praised the resurrection of the Belgian midfielder. Fellaini has been a more effective No 10 than Juan Mata, Wayne Rooney or Angel di Maria. United have won five league games in a row and are third in the Premier League.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Jose Mourinho's side face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon. The Blues have led or shared the lead seven times since the opening day of the season. Mourinho says Chelsea's consistency shows 'consistency' and 'confidence'
Chris Ramsey believes Sunday's west London derby is more crucial to QPR than it is to Chelsea. Jose Mourinho's Blues visit Loftus Road looking for a win that will maintain their position as firm favourites to claim the Premier League crown. QPR need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division. The Rs could start Sunday's derby just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures. Defender Clint Hill believes QPR can shock Chelsea if they show the same desire as they did four years ago.
Kaka posted a picture of himself working on his strength and balance on Instagram. The former AC Milan midfielder hit the gym to prepare for Orlando's trip to Portland Timbers. Orlando City are sixth in the MLS Eastern Conference after three straight defeats. Kaka has not found the net since scoring in the first game of the season against New York City FC.
Bristol City beat Swindon Town 3-1 in their local derby at Ashton Gate on Tuesday night. Kieran Agard, Joe Bryan and Aaron Wilbraham scored the goals for the home side. Steve Cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of his career. Swindon's Yaser Kasim and Raphael Branco were both booked and will now serve suspensions.
Bristol City held to a 1-1 draw against Preston North End on Saturday. Steve Cotterill's side are eight points clear at the top of the League One table. Preston boss Simon Grayson has warned his players not to get carried away. The Robins face Bradford at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
Hibernian claimed their first Edinburgh derby victory of the season. Goals from Jason Cummings and Farid El Alagui sealed a 2-0 win. Hibs collected a valuable three points in the push for second place. Hearts improved after the break but Hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time.
Gary Caldwell has been officially unveiled as the new Wigan manager. Malky Mackay was sacked on Monday after taking just 19 points from a possible 72. Wigan are eight points adrift of safety with just five games to play. Chairman David Sharpe is confident he has made the right decision in appointing Caldwell.
Alexander Kristoff won the Tour of Flanders in a sprint finish with Niki Terpstra. Team Sky's Geraint Thomas finished in 14th position after struggling to close the gap. Thomas was one of the favourites to win the race with Tom Boonen and Fabian Cancellara missing through injury. The highly-fancied Kristoff came home in a time of six hours, 26 minutes and 38 seconds.
Dani Alves has been linked with a move away from Barcelona all season. Manchester United and Liverpool are keeping tabs on the Brazil international. Dinorah Santana has revealed there is a deal on the table to extend Alves' contract. The 31-year-old's current contract expires in the summer.
Dani Alves has been unable to agree a new deal with Barcelona. The Brazilian right-back has rejected the club's final contract offer. Dinorah Santana, Alves's agent and ex-wife, confirmed the news at a press conference on Thursday. Alves has won four Spanish titles and the Champions League twice at Barcelona.
Glenn Murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from injury. Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has joked that Murray has a 'bionic' knee. Pardew believes the Cumbrian forward is reaping rewards of his loan spell at Reading. The 31-year-old has the best goals-per-minute ratio in the Premier League.
Video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in Europe, the Jungfrau. Time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track, which leads from Kleine Scheidegg to Jungraujoch and stands at an elevation of 2061m and 3454m respectively. The video opens inside a tunnel build into the Swiss mountain as the train makes its way along the tracks. It passes very close to a number of skiers who make their own way to the bottom of the slope.
Video was filmed in the Thai town of Kanchanaburi by Maja and Diano. The monkey approaches the woman holding a banana and snatches it from her hand. When she gets too close to the primate, the monkey smacks her camera with its hand.
Steve Harmison shocked the sporting world by taking over at Ashington AFC. The 36-year-old has led the non-league side to seven wins on the spin. Harmison took 226 Test wickets for England between 2002 and 2009. He is a boyhood Newcastle fan and has been invited to train with the club.
Dashem Tesfamichael, 30, was jailed for life for stabbing Olu Olagbaju, 26, to death in 2006. He was caught on camera drinking illegal alcohol and dancing with other inmates. Video clip was captured on a banned mobile phone and shared with friends on WhatsApp. Ministry of Justice launched an internal investigation at Coldingley prison in Surrey. Prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying, which happened in run-up to Christmas.
Manchester United are currently third in the Premier League table. Louis van Gaal's side beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. They are eight points ahead of Liverpool in the table, who are fifth. Van Gaal's first-season aim is to get United back into the Champions League. The Dutchman's three-year plan is on track and United are on course to meet it. United must now mount a sustained challenge for the title next season.
Paul Casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the Masters. The Englishman got in due to staying in the worlds top 50 but at one point, as events unfolded in Morocco and at the Texas Open, he was projected to fall to 54th. I was very relieved and now I am just so excited, said Casey, who made the last of his eight Masters appearances in 2012.
Padraig Harrington was 'devastated' after failing to qualify for last year's Masters. The Irishman had fallen out of the world's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the Honda Classic. Harrington ended up winning his first tournament in America since the 2008 USPGA Championship. He is the last player to go to Augusta looking for a third straight major victory.
Eduardo Vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. The 25-year-old opened the scoring in QPR's 4-1 win over West Bromwich Albion. Vargas picked up the injury after falling awkwardly and had to be replaced in the first half. Scans have since revealed Vargas sustained a grade two medial collateral ligament injury.
Matt Derbyshire opened the scoring for Rotherham in the eighth minute. The Millers are now just two points behind Blackpool in the Championship. Beram Kayal was booked for blocking a kick from goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez. Rotherham move up to 10th in the table, while Blackpool remain in the bottom three.
Derby beat Wigan 2-0 at the DW Stadium. Chris Martin and Darren Bent scored in the second half to give Steve McClaren's side victory. The Rams are now back in the Championship hunt after a six-week wobble. Malky Mackay's Wigan are now eight points adrift at the bottom of the table.
British photographer Dave Tyler has captured incredible solar images from an observatory he built in his back garden. The 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system. He first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the BBC's Sky at Night in 1957.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Brendan Rodgers' side face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday. Anfield side will be without Steven Gerrard, Martin Skrtel and Emre Can. Rodgers insists his side are not in crisis despite two successive defeats.
Javier Hernandez has been linked with a move to Orlando City in the MLS. Orlando have a huge Latin-American fanbase and made enquiries last week. Hernandez has endured a tough time on loan at Real Madrid this season. Manchester United are willing to sell Hernandez for around £8million. United have made a revised contract offer to 19-year-old Andreas Pereira.
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur played out a goalless draw at Staines Town. Spurs went into the game sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with Manchester United. The result saw Spurs climb to third behind United and Liverpool while the Blues remain eighth. DeAndre Yedlin impressed at right-back for Spurs and impressed in the second half.
Pensioners are seven times more likely to develop serious skin cancer today than 40 years ago. Men aged 65 and over ten times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma. Older women are about five times more. likely to develop this disease than someone of the same age were in the mid-1970s. Around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the UK compared with just 600 a year four decades ago.
Wolves defeated Leeds 3-2 in their Championship clash at Molineux. Nouha Dicko, Bakary Sako, Benik Afobe and David Edwards scored for Wolves. Charlie Taylor, Alex Mowatt and Charlie Batth had given Leeds the lead in the first half. Substitute Edwards scored a late winner to move Wolves up to sixth in the Championship.
Bournemouth fight back from two goals down to beat Birmingham City 4-2. Clayton Donaldson and David Cotterill put Birmingham 2-0 up in the first half. Steve Cook and Callum Wilson scored in the second half to make it 2-1 to Bournemouth. Yann Kermorgant scored from the penalty spot after Paul Robinson was sent off. Charlie Daniels scored a late consolation for Eddie Howe's side. Watford temporarily moved top by beating Middlesbrough, who started the day as leaders.
Referee German Delfino awarded a penalty to Velez Sarsfield after Daniel Valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area. The decision was overturned after linesman Ivan Nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman's monitor. Velez were left fuming after the penalty was overturned. Arsenal's Valencia was allowed to return to the field while Velez striker Mariano Pavone was shown a yellow.
Ander Herrera scored twice as Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday. The 25-year-old has started the last eight matches for the Red Devils. Herrera joined United from Athletic Bilbao for £29million in the summer. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday. Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale all scored for Real. Iker Casillas handed a young fan his shirt at half-time after he was struck by a ball. Casillas alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff after the incident.
Ashley Young was in attendance as Crawley beat Oldham 2-0 on Monday. His brother Lewis is a regular in the Crawley side and started against the Latics. Young senior played 70 minutes in United's 3-1 victory over Aston Villa on Sunday.
Bradley Johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season to give Norwich City a 2-0 win over Sheffield Wednesday at Carrow Road. The win sees the Canaries move into the Sky Bet Championship's top two for the first time since October. Norwich maintain their automatic promotion hopes as they move up to third in the table. Wednesday have to play the last eight minutes with 10 men as Claude Dielna goes off with a hamstring injury.
Jordan Henderson is seeking a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The club's vice-captain wants to stay at Anfield but he is approaching the final year of his current deal. Henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth £80,000 per week. Sportsmail understands an improved offer worth £5.2million-per-year will be enough for the midfielder to cement his long-term future.
Manchester City host Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night. The champions have shelled out for six coaches to transport around 3,000 fans. It is one of the most difficult top flight grounds for Northern club fans to reach. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the Easter rail shut down.
Nahki Wells gave Huddersfield the lead after 12 minutes at the John Smith's Stadium. James Vaughan doubled the home side's lead in the 30th minute. Luke Varney pulled one back for Ipswich early in the second half but it wasn't enough. The Tractor Boys have now lost four of their last five away games in all competitions.
Ben Cousins was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on Wednesday morning but he failed to show up. His lawyer claimed the former West Coast Eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments. The magistrate ordered Cousins to produce written evidence of the conflicting appointments before 4pm WST or an arrest warrant would be issued. On Thursday morning the former AFL star surrendered himself at Fremantle Police Station. Cousins smiled as he left Fremantle Magistrates Court, despite the magistrate labelling him 'a risk to the public' and warning him that he now faces jail.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid thrashed Granada 9-1 at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Gareth Bale opened the scoring for Carlo Ancelotti's side in the 25th minute before Ronaldo doubled their lead in the 30th minute. Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in the first half before Karim Benzema added a second in the second half. Robert Ibanez scored a consolation goal for Granada in the 74th minute but it was not enough for them to prevent Real Madrid winning comfortably. Real Madrid bounced back from their El Clasico
Arsene Wenger had all but given up on Francis Coquelin when he was sent on loan to Charlton before Christmas. Hector Bellerin scored his second Arsenal goal against Liverpool, a wonderful curling left-footer to break the deadlock and launch his team towards a 4-1 win. Bellerin was also responsible for keeping Raheem Sterling under control when Daniel Sturridge came off the bench at half-time.
Arda Turan was celebrating after Turkey's 2-1 win over Luxembourg last week. He went to the cockpit to announce his congratulations over the PA system. Turkish aviation officials said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight. They said nobody other than the crew should be allowed in the cockpit during a flight.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City must sign a 'crack' player in the summer. City were hit with a £49million net spending cap last summer after breaching FFP regulations. The club are currently fourth in the Premier League table. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Troy Deeney opened the scoring for Watford in the 37th minute. Odion Ighalo doubled the Hornets' lead in the 65th minute with a shot into the top corner. Middlesbrough have now lost four of their last five away games in the Championship. Aitor Karanka's side remain top of the table after losing at Watford.
Malky Mackay sacked by Wigan Athletic after just five months in charge. Mackay won just five of his 25 fixtures in charge and picked up only three home points. Sportsmail exposed Mackay's series of racist, sexist and homophobic text messages with former head of recruitment Iain Moody. Gary Caldwell is expected to be handed the job at the DW Stadium on a temporary basis.
Jeremy Mathieu headed home in the 73rd minute to give Barcelona a 1-0 lead against Celta Vigo at the Balaidos Stadium. The French centre-back headed home from close range after Xavi's free kick was parried by Sergio Busquets. Barcelona remain four points clear of Real Madrid at the top of La Liga after their 9-1 win over Granada. Fabian Orellana was sent off in the 67th minute for throwing a lump of turf at Sergio Busquet.
Juan Arango bites Jesus Zavela in Club Tijuana's 4-3 defeat by Monterrey. Venezuelan icon was not booked by the referee but could face retrospective ban. Arango had earlier curled in a magnificent free kick to bring his team level after falling 2-0 down.
Kevin Pietersen returned to Surrey nets on Monday for the first time since resigning for the county last month. The 34-year-old arrived early for the session at The Oval before team-mates Gareth Batty and Jade Dernbach followed him in. Pietersen is hoping to earn a re-call to the England side - possibly for this summer's Ashes rematch - having been sacked by the national side.
Brendan Rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four. Liverpool lost 4-1 at home to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday afternoon. Rodgers knows he must work harder to sell Anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a Champions League campaign. Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are suspended, which will not help solve Arsenal's defensive shambles.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday. Ronaldo has now scored 11 times in just eight matches against Granada. The Portuguese superstar has scored 299 goals in 287 matches for Real Madrid. He has scored 15 goals in 26 matches against Atleti, 15 against Sevilla and 15 against Getafe. Malaga, Athletic Bilbao, Malaga and Malaga also feature in our list.
Barcelona beat Celta Vigo 1-0 to go top of La Liga on Sunday afternoon. Neymar, Dani Alves and Adriano all started for the Catalonian giants. Jeremy Mathieu admits his side were poor throughout the match and puts it down to the international break. The Frenchman praised his defensive partner Gerard Pique for his display.
ISIS militants filmed destroying ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud in northern Iraq. Video shows militants using sledgehammers, drills and barrel bombs to destroy relics. Sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old are destroyed in video. Nimrud was the capital of the Assyrian Empire, founded some time in the 13th century B.C. Attack on the ancient site has been declared a 'war crime' by U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon.
Liverpool lost 4-1 to Arsenal in the Premier League on Saturday. Mamadou Sakho played the whole 90 minutes for the Reds at Stade Dejerine. The defeat all but ended Liverpool's hopes of competing in the Champions League. Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup third round on Wednesday.
Ander Herrera scored twice for Manchester United against Aston Villa on Saturday. The 25-year-old appears to have his eyes closed when making contact with the ball. Six of Herrera's seven goals have been scored without looking at either the ball or the opposition's net. Herrera's only goal scored with his eyes wide open came against Yeovil Town in January.
Andre-Pierre Gignac opened the scoring for Marseille after 30 minutes. Blaise Matuidi equalised two minutes later with a curling effort from the edge of the box. Zlatan Ibrahimovic put pressure on Jeremy Morel to force an own goal. Marquinhos made it 2-2 after a mistake from Marco Veratti. Jeremy Morel diverted Ibrahimovic's free kick past Salvatore Sirigu to make it 3-2. Ibrahimovic was involved in both goals, but not perhaps in the way you would have expected.
Nik Wallenda, 36, will walk untethered on top of the 400-foot observation wheel in Orlando, Florida, on April 29. Wallenda said Monday at a New York City news conference that the Orlando Eye will be moving when he attempts his feat. The Orlando Eye, part of a new entertainment complex, will offer views of central Florida from inside 30 enclosed, air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public May 4.
Seven red foxes were found abandoned in a cardboard box in a car park car park. They were discovered by a woman who spotted the box next to a clothing donation bin. The cubs were healthy but dehydrated and weighed around six ounces each. Taken in by Pocono Wildlife Rehabilitation and Educational Center in Pennsylvania. Centre is spending more than $1,000 to care for them and they will be released in July.
Liverpool's redevelopment of Anfield is well under way with work on the Main Stand continuing. Pictures from Monday showed the steel foundations for the new part of the stand are now taller than the existing structure. The new Main Stand will be able to seat 21,000 spectators and will be open in time for the 2016-17 season. Anfield will have a capacity of 54,000 when work is completed.
Surveillance footage at Neely's Grog House in Port St Lucie, Miami, shows the man get into a dispute with bartenders on Sunday night. He had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card. Eventually, he was kicked out but returned minutes later with a cup of gasoline and threw it on the bouncer. The bouncer and his friend chased the man, and tackled him before the man lit him on fire and fled in a truck.
Roberto Soriano opened the scoring for Sampdoria on the hour mark. Nigel de Jong equalised for AC Milan with an audacious overhead kick. Sampdoria could have moved ahead of Napoli in fourth into the first of the two Europa League qualification spots. Fans continued their protests against the club's management.
Camilla Kerslake, 26, was centre of attention at Sunday's Olivier Awards. Wore daring, backless black dress which showed off more than she bargained for. Accompanied by England rugby captain boyfriend Chris Robshaw, who played for Harlequins. 'Pre-engagement' is a growing trend with thousands of couples choosing 'promise' rings. Memphis: The Musical and Beautiful lead race for Britain's equivalent of Tonys.
Xabi Prieto gave Real Sociedad the lead from the penalty spot in the 31st minute. Lucas Perez equalised for Deportivo La Coruna in the 40th minute from the spot. Gonzalo Castro made it 2-2 in the 57th minute with a stunning volley. But Verdu Nicolas headed home a late consolation for the hosts.
Jury selection has begun in Oklahoma for the murder trial of Chancey Luna, 17, accused of shooting dead Australian baseball player Chris Lane. Lane, 22, from Melbourne, was jogging along a street in Duncan in August, 2013, when he was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun. Authorities allege Luna randomly selected Lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past. If found guilty, Luna faces a maximum sentence of life in jail without the prospect of release.
Unnamed boy, 13, gave out $100 notes at Claggett Middle School in Medina, Ohio. He then went to a friend's house, where he showered adults with cash, police said. The boy, who lives with his 83-year-old grandpa and his mom, swiped cash from bedside table. Police recovered $7,000 of the man's savings and some of the items bought with it.
HLN's The Daily Share has highlighted the prevalence of this 'women's tax' to shocking affect by directly comparing products and services aimed at men and women. Even more disappointing is that this practice of 'invisible tax' is not only found almost everywhere, but it is entirely legal in almost every US state.
Jordan Spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the Masters. At 16 under par, Spieth broke the record shared by Ray Floyd and Tiger Woods by a single shot. World No 1 Rory McIlroy and 14-time major winner Tiger Woods were in a five-way tie for fifth. Phil Mickelson will start five shots off the pace on Sunday.
Celebrity chef Matt Kemp's anger management issues cost him his first marriage and his business. The 44-year-old used to work himself into a 'frenzy' because of his uncontrollable rage. Kemp and former NRL player Mark Geyer will appear on Insight on SBS One on Tuesday from 8.30pm.
A 75-year-old man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile at Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course at Port Douglas in Far North Queensland. The 1.2m reptile 'nipped' the man while he was looking from his golf ball near the 11th hole. He was treated at the scene before being taken to hospital in a stable condition. Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer tweeted his well wishes to the man. But hours later, the billionaire posted a bizarre joke on his Twitter account.
Didier Drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his Chelsea contract. The 37-year-old insists he is not planning to retire at the end of the season. Drogba made a shock return to Chelsea last summer after leaving the club in 2012. Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road on Sunday afternoon.
Josi Harrison, Laura Lefebvre, and Hailey Walden were all bullied into sending nude photos to boyfriends at Clatskanie Middle School in Oregon. After sending one, they were blackmailed into sending more. When they sought help from the principal and police chief they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography. On Thursday, two years after filing a civil suit against the district, a judge ordered each girl receive $75,000 in damages.
Liverpool beat Newcastle 4-3 at Anfield in the 1996 Premier League title decider. Robbie Fowler, David Ginola, Stan Collymore and Faustino Asprilla all scored for the Magpies. Martin Tyler has been in the commentary box for 40 years and classifies it as one of his favourite games. 'I think if you take all the elements of why we all love football they all happened in this particular game,' he says.
Wolfsburg are interested in signing Manchester United misfit Javier Hernandez. Hernandez has endured a frustrating season on loan at Real Madrid. Southampton, Lazio, Stoke City and West Ham are also interested in the striker. United are understood to have made a revised contract offer to Andreas Pereira. PSG retain a strong interest in Angel di Maria but United are reluctant to sell. Liverpool still anticipate Fiorentina goalkeeper Norberto Neto will join Juventus.
Eric Harris, 44, fled from cops in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2 during a sting operation. He was allegedly caught trying to buy drugs and a gun from cops posing as drug dealers. Reserve deputy Robert Bates, 73, then ran up to suspect and tried to 'get situation under control' But he mistakenly fired his gun instead of his Taser, according to on-site deputies. After firing one round into Harris, he dropped weapon and said: 'Oh, I shot him! I'm sorry' Harris then starts yelping on the ground, while pleading for help
Inter Milan have opened talks with Manchester City regarding a deal for Stevan Jovetic. The Serie A club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward. However, City are unwilling to let him leave on a temporary basis. Jovetic looks likely to leave the Etihad this summer after being omitted from the club's Champions League squad earlier this season to make room for January signing Wilfried Bony.
Mario Gomez has been linked with a move to Barcelona in the summer. The German striker joined Fiorentina from Bayern Munich for £17.2million in July 2013. Gomez has scored four league goals for the Viola so far this season. Click here for all the latest Barcelona news.
Santi Cazorla has been linked with a return to his homeland with Atletico Madrid. The Spaniard has scored seven goals and made eight assists this season. Cazorla says he is happy to stay at Arsenal but admits 'you never know what the future will bring' The 30-year-old says his future depends on feeling valued at the club.
Pedro has started only 12 league games for Barcelona this season. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp. Pedro admits it is normal for a player not playing regularly to leave the club. Click here for Barcelona transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Celtic boss Ronny Deila wants to keep Manchester City defender Jason Denayer on loan. Hearts captain Danny Wilson is also among his defensive targets. Denayer is due to spend pre-season with his parent club in a bid to prove himself. The 19-year-old made his Belgium debut against Israel on Tuesday night.
Raymond Billam, 40, claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres. Grandfather-of-four said he had back and knee problems and needed crutches to get around. But fraud investigators secretly filmed him playing for his local Sunday League team. Between 2008 and 2014 he played 87 games while dishonestly claiming incapacity benefit. He admitted benefit fraud and was given a 26-week suspended prison sentence.
Arsenal beat Burnley 3-1 on Saturday to move four points clear in second place. Arsene Wenger's side have now won eight games in a row in all competitions. But chief executive Ivan Gazidis says he is not happy with second place in the league. Gazidis says the club will 'keep pushing' Chelsea but admits they won't win the title. Arsenal haven't won the Premier League since 2004.
Atletico Madrid technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain on Saturday to watch the defender during Atletico's 2-2 draw with Malaga. The 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and Atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer. Miranda has also been offered to Manchester United and Manchester City.
Brett Anthony O'Connor's lawyer applied for a suppression order in Tweed Heads Local Court on Monday. The former head of child safety at Education Queensland has been charged with child sex offences. Magistrate Michael Dakin refused the request after an ABC spokesperson made an application to the court for the case to remain open on behalf of the news organisations. O'Connor, a former Catholic brother, was arrested in March accused of indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in Sydney more than 25 years ago.
Thibaut Courtois was exceptional for Chelsea against QPR on Sunday. The Belgian goalkeeper has had a poor run of form in recent weeks for Chelsea. Courtois' error led to a goal for Hull on March 22 and Stoke's 66-yard strike. But he said he never doubted himself during his indifferent spell of form. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford. A handful of City fans were ejected for allegedly mocking the Munich Air Disaster. Stewards threw out the group who were said to be attempting to taunt home supporters by making airplane wings in a sick reference to the 1958 tragedy. Police praised 'overwhelming majority' of fans after just eight arrests were made.
Zarina Diyas and Heather Watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the Family Circle Cup in Charleston. Diyas, the 11th seed from Kazakhstan, won the first set against Czech qualifier Lucie Hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3. British number one Watson, seeded 16th, gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a defeat to Croatian teen Donna Vekic.
Golden State Warriors beat Portland Trail Blazers 116-105 on Thursday. Stephen Curry hit eight three-pointers to eclipse his own NBA record of 272 made in a season. Pau Gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds as Chicago Bulls beat Miami Heat 89-78. The Bulls wiped out a 19-point halftime deficit to deal a huge blow to Miami's playoff hopes.
Liz the bearded dragon lives with owner Shannen Hussein, 21, on her hobby farm in Melbourne. Shannen can be heard asking Liz: 'Are you hungry?' to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her head. The bearded dragon is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat.
Lewis Hamilton was quickest in both practice sessions for the Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes driver is bidding for his fourth win of the season in China. Kimi Raikkonen was second quickest with Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo third quickest. Daniil Kvyat's brakes caught fire as he left the pits and he was forced to pull off track. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was fourth on the timesheet, 1.120secs down on Nico Rosberg.
The new chief executive could be paid up to £40,000 more than the outgoing boss. Martin Kimber was paid £160,000, while the rest of the cabinet resigned in February. Report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period. It was mainly of white girls by men of Pakistani origin.
Reanne Evans faces Ken Doherty in her first qualifier for the World Championship. The 10-time ladies' snooker world champion is bidding to become the first woman to reach three finals at The Crucible. Dudley-born Evans has won the title 10 times in a row and is a two-time defending champion.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. The world No 1 claimed his fifth Miami Open title with victory in Key Biscayne. Murray has lost his last seven matches to the Serb, suffering the undeserving ignominy of conceding another love set against his old rival. Djokovic will hold the record for the 141st week of his career on Monday, putting him on sixth equal with Rafael Nadal.
LeBron James says he would pick himself for MVP if he could. Cleveland Cavaliers have won 51 games this season. James scored 21 points in their 104-99 win against the Milwaukee Bucks. New NBA awards will be presented this summer. Anthony Davis and Russell Westbrook are the front-runners.
Liam Stewart was set to make his senior Great Britain debut at World Championships. The 20-year-old forward had been included in new head coach Pete Russell's 23-man party. Stewart sustained a shoulder injury during Spokane Chiefs' Western Hockey League play-off series against Everett and is replaced in the squad by Craig Peacock of Belfast Giants.
Stuart Armstrong joined Celtic from Dundee United during the January transfer window. Celtic are closing in on the Scottish Premiership title. Armstrong is hoping to win his first Scottish Premiership league winners' medal next month. The 23-year-old admits a title party at Celtic Park would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the same venue 12 months ago.
David Meyler was sent off for a high challenge on Kyle Naughton on Saturday. Naughton suffered ankle ligament damage and will miss the rest of the season. The full back was helped off the pitch by team physios after the incident. Angel Rangel will return to the Swansea squad to face Everton at Goodison Park. Click here for more Swansea news.
Glasgow Warriors host Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun on Friday night. Al Kellock and Dougie Hall will both start in the pack for the Pro12 clash. The match ball will be presented by Kellock's dad and Hall's mum. Wales prop Gethin Jenkins is a doubt for Cardiff with a calf strain. Gregor Townsend's side are top of the Guinness PRO12 table.
Celtic legend Billy McNeill is to be honoured with a statue on the Celtic Way. The statue will commemorate his 27-year association with the club. McNeill won nine consecutive league championship titles as a player and was the first British team captain to lift the European Cup in 1967. Work on the statue will begin immediately and it is hoped that the completed work will be unveiled at Celtic Park later this year.
San Antonio Spurs beat Houston Rockets 110-98 on Wednesday. Spurs move onto the tail of Houston and also Memphis, which drew level with the Rockets atop the division by inflicting New Orleans' heaviest defeat of the season. No 1 playoff seed Atlanta had a narrow win over a Brooklyn team that still has its postseason hopes in the balance. Cleveland secured both the Central Division title and No.2 seed in the conference by defeating Milwaukee.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove when they face Liverpool on Monday night. Newcastle have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. Jermain Defoe's stunning volley won the Tyne-Wear derby for the Reds last weekend. Carver admits he may have to make changes to his team for the game at Anfield. The Toon boss says he wants to find out more about his players' personalities.
Geoffrey Kondogbia has impressed Liverpool scouts this season in Europe and Ligue 1. France international was one of the most coveted players in Europe prior to his move to Monaco. Real Madrid, Manchester United, Juventus and PSG were all keen on signing him. Liverpool remain keen on bringing Danny Ings to Anfield from Burnley. Club also monitoring James Milner as his Manchester City contract expires.
John Carver says his Newcastle players have a point to prove against Liverpool. The Magpies have lost four in a row and are in relegation danger. They were beaten 1-0 by rivals Sunderland in the Tyne/Wear derby last weekend. Carver has promised to invest in the squad this summer and a major overhaul is expected.
Gareth Bale scored twice as Wales beat Israel 2-0 to top Euro 2016 qualifying group B. The Welshman has been heavily criticised by Real Madrid fans in recent weeks. Real have won just one of their last five games in all competitions. Carlo Ancelotti's side take on 19th-placed Granada on Sunday in an early 11am kick-off.
Danny Ings' contract at Burnley expires at the end of the season. The 23-year-old has been linked with a move to Real Sociedad in the summer. Borussia Monchengladbach have also shown an interest in the England Under 21 striker. Click here for more transfer news.
Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Fernando Torres believes Diego Simeone's understanding of the team's weaknesses has been key to Atletico's success this season. Atletico beat Real to win the season's Super Cup curtain-raiser, knocked them out of the King's Cup and defeated them in both La Liga clashes. The manner of their 4-0 demolition of Real in February's league meeting even led to questions about Carlo Ancelotti's future.
Lazio beat Empoli 4-0 at the Stadio Olimpico with goals from Stefano Mauri, Miroslav Klose, Antonio Candreva and Felipe Anderson. Roma are now 13 points behind leaders Juventus after a 1-1 draw at Torino on Sunday. Napoli beat Fiorentina 3-0 to return to fourth place in Serie A after a disallowed goal. Palermo's long wait for a second away win came to an end with a 3-1 win at Udinese.
Rory McIlroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week. Only five men have won all four of golf's majors in the Masters era. Northern Irishman is heavily favoured to win at Augusta National. McIlroy was caddied by One Direction star Niall Horan on Wednesday.
Wakefield were thrashed 80-0 by Warrington Wolves on Saturday. The Wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats. Coach James Webster said he does not have enough players to fulfil training. Wolves' Richie Myler scored a hat-trick of tries and Stefan Ratchford 28-point haul.
Sergio Aguero scored his 100th goal for Manchester City against Manchester United. The Argentine striker has scored 99 goals in 158 appearances for the club. Manuel Pellegrini is facing the sack even if City qualify for the Champions League. Paul Pogba and Raheem Sterling are potential summer targets for City. But who would want to move to a club without Aguero if they finish outside the top four?
Leeds Rhinos defeated Salford Red Devils 28-18 at The Willows on Sunday. Jamie Peacock broke his 12-month try drought with a double in the first half. Ash Handley, Rob Burrow and Zak Hardaker also crossed for Leeds. Niall Evalds scored two tries for the Red Devils.
Mike Brown has not played since the final round of the RBS 6 Nations on March 21. The Harlequins full back was knocked out in a collision with Italys Andrea Masi. Conor OShea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby's collisions. George North has been ruled out until the end of the month with concussion.
Manchester United beat rivals Manchester City 4-2 in the Manchester derby. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for the Red Devils. Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for City with his 100th Premier League goal. Mata described the win as a'massive win' as United move four points clear at the top of the table.
Diego Costa limped off after 11 minutes against Stoke City on Saturday. Striker has been told he will miss just over two weeks with a hamstring injury. Costa will definitely miss games against QPR and Manchester United. But he is likely to be fit to face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on April 26. Jose Mourinho will not take any unnecessary risks with his star striker.
Manuel Pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer, and if he is, he will have left little behind. Manchester City have had a very good team for quite a while, but nothing since the first Premier League title has hinted at the further progress many presumed would be inevitable. Recruitment has, on the whole, been poor, allowing established players to coast without the pressure of in-house competition. Vincent Kompany, for example, no longer seems capable of looking after his own performances, never mind that of his team. Wary of Financial Fair
Manchester City lost 2-1 to Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday night. Glenn Murray cost Palace nothing when he joined from Brighton in 2011. Eliaquim Mangala cost City £40m but was left on the bench to tee up Wilfried Zaha. City have spent a total of £500m on transfer fees so far this season.
Barcelona signed Jeremy Mathieu and Thomas Vermaelen for £14.5m and £15m. The Catalans were desperate for defensive reinforcements at the end of last season. John Stones' performances for Everton saw him move up the list of targets. Stones signed a new £30,000-a-week five year deal keeping him at Everton until 2019.
Roberto Martinez has come in for criticism for trying to play out from the back. The Everton manager has been accused of being stubborn in his tactics. But Martinez insists that he is 'innovative' and not rigid in his approach. Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday with a goal from Phil Jagielka.
Mino Raiola said Romelu Lukaku would never have signed for Everton had he been his representative earlier. Raiola hinted that Everton are just a stepping stone on his route to the very top. Roberto Martinez insists he is not worried that Lukakus new agent will destabilise the player.
Tottenham will play a Malaysia XI in a post-season friendly in Kuala Lumpur. The match will take place at the Shah Alam Stadium on Wednesday, May 27. Harry Kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games. Mauricio Pochettino has expressed fears about the 21-year-old striker's fitness. Kane is keen to play in Gareth Southgate's Under 21 European Championship.
Everton beat Southampton 1-0 at Goodison Park on Saturday. James McCarthy believes Ross Barkley is capable of handling pressure. Barkley was substituted with 20 minutes to go, a decision that brought boos. McCarthy said he thought Barkley was 'different class' despite a mistake.
Kevin Streelman beat Camilo Villegas in a play-off to win the Masters Par-3 Contest. No player has ever become par-three and Masters champion in the same year. Jack Nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at Augusta National on Wednesday. Rory McIlroy had One Direction singer Niall Horan acting as his caddie.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Cesc Fabregas was caught in the face by Charlie Adam's flailing arm. The Spain international was left with a bloody nose after the clash. Fabregas took to Instagram to show off the gash on the top of his swollen nose.
Tiger Woods was spotted dancing while practising at Augusta National on Monday. The former world No 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music. Woods will play in the traditional Masters warm-up, the Par-3 Contest, for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday. Marc Leishman has withdrawn from the Masters due to personal reasons.
Marc Leishman withdraws from this year's Masters to be with his wife. Masters chairman Billy Payne rules out any idea of starting a women's Masters. Camilo Villegas recorded two aces during the Par-3 contest. Jack Nicklaus showed hes still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side. Willian wants his team-mates to take confidence from the win. The Brazilian says Jose Mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform.
Harry Kane has scored 29 goals in 44 games for Tottenham this season. Eden Hazard has been Chelsea's outstanding performer this campaign. Diego Costa has scored 18 goals in 30 appearances for Chelsea. Sergio Aguero has scored 23 goals in 31 matches for Manchester City. David de Gea has only managed to score three league goals in 2015. Click here for more Premier League news.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera and Wayne Rooney scored the goals for United. Christian Benteke scored for Villa in the 80th minute. Louis van Gaal believes Manchester City's players may struggle to get to grips with being fourth in the Premier League.
Marcos Rojo and Angel di Maria flew out to Portugal after Manchester United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday. Defender Rojo posed alongside Di Maria and their families while sitting on a private plane. Portugal is a familiar destination for both players as they played for Sporting Lisbon and Benfica respectively before joining United in the summer. Rojo made headlines for the wrong reasons on Saturday evening as the Mail On Sunday exclusively revealed he had an affair with fitness instructor Sarah Watson. Watson claims she was offered £35,000 by a newspaper to sell the story.
Philippe Coutinho says winning the FA Cup would save Liverpool's season. Liverpool are seven points adrift of fourth with seven games remaining in Premier League. Reds face Blackburn in FA Cup quarter-final replay at Anfield on Wednesday night. Coutinho started Liverpool's 4-1 defeat at the hands of Arsenal on Saturday.
Manchester United beat Aston Villa 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Old Trafford on Saturday. Ander Herrera opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side after 43 minutes with a fine strike from Daley Blind's cutback. Wayne Rooney doubled the Red Devils' lead with a wonderful half-volley on 79 minutes after falling in the box. Christian Benteke pulled one back for Villa in the 80th minute but United held on to secure all three points. The result takes United up to third place in the Premier League table, eight points behind leaders Manchester City.
Alan Pardew is a contender for Premier League Manager of the Year. His record at Newcastle and Crystal Palace would put him in eighth place in the table. Pardew has won nine times in 12 games since returning to the south London club. The 53-year-old is just six points adrift of Liverpool in fifth place. John Carver's Toon side are not safe from relegation after a 1-0 defeat to Sunderland.
Bafetimbi Gomis scored twice in Swansea's 3-1 win over Hull on Saturday. The Frenchman tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index after scoring four goals in his last six Premier League games. QPR's Charlie Austin is runner up with a Game Index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in the Hoops' 4-1 victory away at West Brom. Chelsea's Eden Hazard completes the top three after scoring from the spot against Stoke. Arsenal trio Olivier Giroud, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil complete the top 10.
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers is ready to recall his out-of-favour defender Dejan Lovren. The Reds were thrashed 4-1 by Arsenal at the Emirates on Saturday. Emre Can and Martin Skrtel are both suspended, and Lovren could come in. Kolo Toure was given a torrid time by Arsene Wenger at the weekend.
Derby drew 1-1 with Brentford in their Championship clash at the iPro Stadium. Brentford took the lead through Alex Pritchard's stunning strike in the 21st minute. But Darren Bent pounced in stoppage time to rescue a point for the Rams. Tom Ince twice went close to equalising for Derby in the first half.
Saido Berahino has been linked with a move away from West Brom. The 21-year-old has said he wants to play Champions League football next season. Berahino is likely to be away with Gareth Southgate's England under 21 side in the Czech Republic until late June. Baggies boss Tony Pulis has begun pre-season preparations early for the new season.
Leicester are currently bottom of the Premier League and six points adrift of safety. Nigel Pearson's side face West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday. The Foxes boss insists his side have no margin for error in their fight for survival. Matthew Upson and Dean Hammond are back in contention for the game.
Barcelona drew 2-2 at Sevilla in La Liga on Saturday night. Neymar was substituted with the score at 2-1 and 15 minutes to play. The Brazilian has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season. Barcelona face Real Madrid in the Madrid derby in the Champions League quarter-finals. Lazio beat Empoli 2-0 to move into second place in Serie A.
Troy Deeney has scored 64 goals in 123 league games for Watford. Watford are third in the Championship, one point behind leaders Bournemouth. Deeney won the Sky Bet Championship player of the month award for March. He believes he can become a Premier League hit like Danny Ings and Charlie Austin.
Jeremy Peace has put the club up for sale for £150million. Tony Pulis is adamant Peace will only sell to a buyer who wants to invest heavily. Peace has fielded enquiries from parties in America, China and Australia. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Bromwich Albion news.
Michael Owen believes Raheem Sterling is a better player than Mesut Ozil. The former Liverpool forward made the claim before Arsenal's 4-1 win against Liverpool. Owen's opinion drew criticism on social media but he has refused to back down. Sterling struggled in Arsenal's win against his former club on Saturday.
Robert Lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to his former club. The Poland international pounced on a rebound after Roman Weidenfeller saved Thomas Muller's effort. Bayern restored their 10-point lead at the top of the Bundesliga with a narrow victory. Pep Guardiola's side have not conceded in their last eight league matches.
Mateo Musacchio broke his ankle and fractured his fibula during Villarreal's 1-1 draw at Getafe on Sunday. The 24-year-old underwent successful surgery in Madrid. Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla tweeted his support for the defender. No recovery time has been set by the La Liga club. Musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months.
Bastian Schweinsteiger limped off with an ankle injury against Dortmund. Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in the Bundesliga on Saturday night. The holding midfielder will miss their German Cup quarter-final against Bayer Leverkusen. Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Holger Badstuber and Franck Ribery also out injured.
Bayern Munich travel to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Cup quarter-final. Pep Guardiola's side are without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, David Alaba and Holger Badstuber. Manuel Neuer says Saturday's 1-0 win against Borussia Dortmund was crucial. Bayern are already through to the Champions League last eight.
Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's academy players are not ready for the first team. Premier League regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players. City's current group of home-grown players will be reduced in the summer when Frank Lampard departs. Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley have been linked with a move to the Etihad Stadium. Dedryck Boyata is the only academy player near first-team contention.
Wigan drew 2-2 with Fulham at Craven Cottage on Friday night. The Latics are seven points adrift of safety at the bottom of the Championship. Gary Caldwell only took over at Wigan after Malky Mackay was sacked on Wednesday. Caldwell admitted his first taste of management was 'crazy' after the draw.
Gary Hooper came off the bench to score a stoppage-time winner against Bolton. Graham Dorrans gave Norwich the lead with a deflected free-kick in the ninth minute. Adam Le Fondre equalised for the visitors with a header in the second half. Hooper lobbed keeper Adam Bogdan to secure the three points for the Canaries. Norwich remain second in the Championship table, while Bolton stay in seventh.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata, Chris Smalling and Juan Mata secured the win. Sergio Aguero had given City an early lead before United took control of the game. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth place. Neville says United are getting closer to being 'the real deal'
England defeated South Africa 21-14 in the final of the Tokyo Sevens. Phil Burgess, Charlie Hayter and Tom Mitchell scored the tries for the English. The victory is their first since February 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far. South Africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot.
Tracey Neville will manage England's netball team at the World Cup in Australia. The 38-year-old is brother Phil Neville's twin and sister to Gary Neville. Neville won bronze medals at the Commonwealth Games and World Cup at the peak of her career as an England netball player. She was first capped for her country at 19, eventually making 81 international appearances before a knee injury forced her to retire.
Wing's is a popular Chinese restaurant in Manchester city centre. Owner Mr Wing is never afraid to push for as much publicity as possible. Wayne Rooney and his wife Coleen are regular visitors to Wing's. Radamel Falcao dined at Wing's on the day he signed for Manchester United. Mario Balotelli, Joe Hart, Gareth Barry, and Peter Crouch are other regular visitors.
Arsenal beat Liverpool 3-0 at Anfield on Saturday to move up to second in the Premier League. Arsene Wenger's side have won seven games in a row and sit fourth in the table. But the Gunners have never been in the title race this season. This is the most impressive team Arsenal have boasted since the dying embers of the Invincibles. They have pace, power, energy and invention in attack  and that is just Alexis Sanchez.
Rangers slumped to a 3-0 defeat at Queen of the South on Thursday night. Kenny Miller fears Rangers' promotion bid could be derailed by poor form. Gers suffered first defeat of Stuart McCall's six-game reign at Ibrox. Rangers had recently secured victories over Hearts and Hibernian.
Jake Drage walked free from a West Java jail nine months after he was jailed. The 23-year-old surfer sang a children's song for reporters as he left the prison. He was jailed after a crash that killed a woman who was riding pillion on a motorcycle. Drage said he cannot wait to get back in the water after seeing his family and friends.
Novak Djokovic lost the Miami Open final to Andy Murray on Sunday. The Serbian tennis champion started shouting at his backroom team after losing the second set. Djokovic grabbed a towel from a ball boy who was caught up in the cross fire. Umpire Damien Dumusois issued a warning for the way he shouted at his support team. However, there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated the ball boy.
Sepp Blatter is seeking a fifth term as FIFA president next month. Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football, promised unanimous support in his speech to open CAF's annual congress in Cairo. Hayatou referred to the 79-year-old Swiss as 'dear Sepp' FIFA vice president Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Dutch FA head Michael van Praag, and former Portugal international Luis Figo are standing against Blatter.
Mikel Gonzalez and Antoine Griezmann put Atletico Madrid 2-0 up after just 10 minutes. David Moyes' side had not conceded in their previous four matches. Fernando Torres came on as a substitute after an hour and was replaced by Gabi Jimenez. Atletico are now just two points behind Real Madrid in La Liga, but have a game in hand.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win at Rayo Vallecano. The 30-year-old becomes only the third player in Madrid's history to achieve the feat. Ronaldo has netted 161 of his goals in the Santiago Bernabeu and 61 between minutes 76 and 90. Sevilla appear to be his favourite opponents, with him netting 18 times against them.
Gary Mabbutt, 53, woke up at 1am to find his left leg had gone cold in 2013. Diabetes had led to clogged artery in limb and doctors said it was 'touch and go' on amputation. Mabbutt was rushed to King's College Hospital in South East London for emergency surgery. Surgeons replaced main artery in left leg with vein and needed 112 staples to seal wound. Ex-Tottenham and England star was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at 17 years old. Says he hopes to raise awareness of condition and educate people on how to take care
Aniston works out three times a week with her long-term trainer, Mandy Ingber. Sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning, followed by 45 minutes of yoga. When she stays at a hotel, Aniston takes 3.6kg weights with her.
Vandal damaged exit barrier at Nottingham train station's multi-storey car park. CCTV shows man trying to lift the barrier, damaging it in the process. Police have released a CCTV image of the man in the hope he will be recognised. Do you know the man? If so, email keiligh.baker@mailonline.co.uk.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. Atletico Madrid goalkeeper Jan Oblak made a string of excellent saves to deny Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez in the first half. Diego Simeone and Carlo Ancelotti both praised the Slovenian goalkeeper. Simeone refused to blame Sergio Ramos for the clash with Mario Mandzukic.
Danielle Jones, 33, married her boyfriend Darrel at the Beaumont Estate in Old Windsor. She and her bridesmaids had asked Gary Barlow to sing 'A Million Love Songs' at their wedding. The singer had promised to go along to the reception after orchestrating the surprise over Twitter. Mrs Jones said: 'I'm still on cloud nine, I can't believe it happened. I was having difficulty breathing'
Deanna Robinson was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times in her back at her parents' home. She said deputies and state workers from Child Protective Services were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect. Robinson spent six days in jail after being charged with resisting arrest, interfering with child custody and assaulting an officer. Six days later her son, Levi was born. Pictures of Robinson's stomach taken after her release show bruises covering a portion of her stomach.
Amanda Peake Glover was a youth ministry teacher and choir singer. She was a fitness lover who co-owned a fitness center and had run a full marathon a month before her death. Her husband of nine years, Benji, was just behind her at the time of her death and was four minutes behind her.
Woods, 39, was pictured hugging Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, during the second day of practice at the Augusta National Golf Club, Georgia. The 14-time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get after he recently dropped out of the world's top 100 rankings for the first time since September 1996. Woods declared himself ready to compete for a fifth Masters title after completing 11 holes of practice on Monday. He has started just two events in 2015, shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them and withdrawing through injury after 11 holes on February
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie at the Vicente Calderon. Jan Oblak was man of the match with a man-of-the-match performance. Raphael Varane was Real Madrid's best performer with a rating of 8. Antoine Griezmann (7) showed pace and surprising strength to pull away from Sergio Ramos. Mario Suarez (6) forced a fine second-half save from Iker Casillas.
Kieran Lee scored the only goal of the game in the 75th minute. Brentford suffered a blow to their promotion hopes with the defeat. The Bees had a number of good chances in the first half but couldn't capitalise. Click here for all the latest Sheffield Wednesday news.
TOWIE star Jake Hall scored for Boston United in their Conference North match on Monday. The semi-professional footballer came off the bench to score with his first touch. His on-screen girlfriend Chloe Lewis was watching on at York Street. Hall's friend and TOWIE co-star James 'Arg' Argent was also in the crowd to see him score. Reports this week suggested Hall has secretly been dating Lindsay Lohan.
Kim Sears and Andy Murray, 27, will marry in Dunblane, Scotland, on April 11. The tennis star has invited all of his close friends and family to the wedding. Novak Djokovic was 'not invited' to the nuptials and Tim Henman will be in attendance. Bride-to-be Kim was spotted cheering on her fiance this weekend at the Miami Open.
Dozhd TV gave Hillary Clinton's 'Everyday Americans' video an 18 rating. Fears it may fall foul of Russia's 'gay propaganda' laws, which impose heavy fines. Video features gay couple Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, who are planning wedding. It is at odds with Russia's view on LGBT rights, which have become increasingly restrictive. Putin and Clinton are on opposite sides of the LGBT divide when it comes to equality.
Cara Lee-Fanus was rushed to St Peter's Hospital in Chertsey, Surrey, on May 28 last year. She died from a head injury the next day despite the best efforts of medical teams. Doctors discovered bruises all over her body and burn marks on her head. Her mother, Kirsty Lee, 25, and ex-boyfriend Alistair Wayne Bowen, 35, appeared in court today. The pair were jointly charged with causing or allowing the death of a child. They will appear before a judge at Guildford Crown Court for a plea and case management hearing.
Cricket legend Richie Benaud was laid to rest at a small private funeral in Sydney's eastern suburbs on Wednesday. The 84-year-old former Test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people at a secret ceremony organised by his wife, Daphne. Daphne Benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they didn't know the location. Prime Minister Tony Abbott made the offer of a state funeral, which Mrs Benaud politely declined.
Brighton and Huddersfield drew 0-0 at the Amex Stadium on Tuesday night. The point ended a run of three successive defeats for the Seagulls. Brighton are now without a goal from one of their own players for nine hours and 20 minutes. Birmingham's Demarai Gray rescued a point in their 2-2 draw against Blackburn. Adam Le Fondre's seventh goal of the season saved a point for Bolton against Charlton.
The 44-year-old, named by locals as Donna Christie, slipped and fell from Hassans Fall lookout at Lithgow on Tuesday afternoon. She was bushwalking with a male friend and her two children, aged 12 and 13, when she dropped her phone at the lookout, which is almost 1,100 metres above sea level. It took two hours for police, paramedics and the Lithgow Volunteer Rescue Squad to rescue her. The woman is believed to have suffered serious head, spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres.
Rolando Aarons has suffered another injury setback and may not play again this season. The 19-year-old was in contention to play for the club's Under 21s against Derby. Newcastle have lost in each of their last five Premier League games. Moussa Sissoko was sent off during Monday night's loss at Liverpool.
Sally and Stephen Morley are one of some 1,500 couples in Britain who have had babies using EmbryoScope technology. The technology allows medics and parents to watch the cell dividing. It also allows experts to select the best embryos based on how they form. This narrows a mothers chance of miscarrying.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday. Luis Enrique has played down Neymar's petulant reaction to being substituted against Sevilla. Neymar scored a superb free kick to make it 2-0 to Barca after Lionel Messi's opener. The forward was clearly furious at being replaced by Xavi with around 20 minutes left.
Dane Bouris appeared at Waverley Court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty. He was arrested at his Watsons Bay home on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend, Alexandra Dankwa. Bouris is best known as the son of Wizard Home Loans founder Mark Bouris. The 33-year-old is the hotelier of Morgans Boutique Hotel in Darlinghurst - in Sydney's inner-city - after beginning his career at the company his father started.
Not being able to sleep, losing your keys and being stuck in traffic top the list. 2,005 adults in the UK were questioned on what makes them feel stressed. Other reasons for stress include losing an important document and printer not working. Sleepless nights were the top occurrence, with 46% of Brits citing it as the most stressful.
Comedian grins manically as spider crawls out of his mouth and across his face. The three-inch house spider is completely unharmed by its ordeal in Limmy's mouth. One fan called Toxxi asked: 'How does it know not to just go down your throat and get killed in an oesophagus spasm?'
Rose Devereux, 49, was left in agony and disfigured after years of treatment. Pictures show her bottom row of teeth virtually destroyed by terrible gum disease and crowns covering a similar disaster on the top row. She now faces a bill of £30,000 to get her smile back. General Dental Council has investigated the work of Janakan Siva. He will now go before a disciplinary committee.
Raheem Sterling has been linked with a number of big clubs this summer. The 20-year-old has rejected a contract offer from Liverpool worth £100,000-a-week. Brendan Rodgers has said he will not be sold this summer despite interest. Here, Sportsmail takes a look at five possible destinations for the England man.
Chelsea defeated Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final. Isaiah Jay Brown opened the scoring for the Blues in the seventh minute. Dominic Solanke doubled Chelsea's lead in the 55th minute to make it 2-0. Andrei Kovalenko scored a late consolation goal to make the game safe for the hosts. Brown was named captain for Chelsea's game against QPR on Sunday.
Inter Milan hope to sign Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure this summer. Marco Fassone says the Italian giants are prepared to submit an offer of 60m euros (£43m) Inter are also working on new deals for Mauro Icardi and Mateo Kovacic. Goalkeeper Samir Handanovic has been linked with Roma and Manchester United. Click here for more transfer news.
Jared Milrad and Nate Johnson, from Chicago, Illinois, are planning a summer wedding. They were featured walking hand in hand during Clinton's video to announce her 2016 bid. Milrad's voice is heard in a voiceover saying: 'Im getting married this summer to someone I really care about' The couple will get married in July in a Chicago park bordering Lake Michigan then have their reception at a LGBT community center.
Kevin Wimmer is wanted by Tottenham in a £4.4million deal. The Cologne defender has impressed boss Marcel Koller and scouts at White Hart Lane. Wimmer says it would be a 'dream' to join a top club like Spurs in the Premier League. Austria boss Koller says the 22-year-old will move to England in the summer.
Paul Scholes says Raheem Sterling should stay at Liverpool. Scholes says Sterling is a good player but doesn't score enough goals. Sterling says he is not ready to sign a new £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield. The 20-year-old described Arsenal links as 'quite flattering'
N'Golo Kante is attracting interest from a host of Premier League clubs. Arsenal, Newcastle United and Southampton have checked on the Caen midfielder. Marseille have been in constant contact with Caen over signing the 24-year-old. Kante has similarities with Lassana Diarra and Claude Makelele.
Jose Luis Gaya is Real Madrid's first choice left-back at the Bernabeu. But Chelsea and Manchester City are both willing to meet his £13m buyout clause. Gaya is a key player for Valencia, having played 27 league matches this season. The 19-year-old is a Spain Under 21 international, though he was forced to leave the squad last week after suffering a hamstring injury.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG) in 2013. Doctors told her she had less than two years left to live and told her to expect the worst. But she defied doctors and raised more than $1.5million for cancer research. On Friday, she passed away at Cincinnati Children's Hospital. LeBron James posted an emotional farewell letter to her via Twitter on Friday. He praised her 'leadership, courage, power, leadership, etc etc' and said: 'Your time spent on earth will
Clarence Habersham, 37, was the second officer to arrive at the scene. He did not report Michael Slager's actions leading up to the shooting. Slager, 33, has been fired from the North Charleston police and charged with murder. Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, was pulled over for a broken tail light last Saturday by Slager, who shot him five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop.
Take That singer has ditched proposal for two-storey extension under garden. He wants to focus on inside of 46-room mansion, which he bought for £17.5million in 2013. Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page was upset that building work in his garden would cause disruption to the neighbourhood. Williams responded by withdrawing the blueprints but has now returned with a fresh set of plans. Plans submitted to Kensington and Chelsea Council include demolition of garage.
City officials are trying to determine what caused bricks to fall nine stories from the facade of a vacant building in downtown Cleveland, crushing a minivan that was parked below. Bricks along the top of the former National City Bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. Monday but no one was injured. Cleveland fire spokesman Larry Gray told local media the falling bricks might have been a 'freak accident' and said that the building was not under construction. The building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse, and no injuries were
Edson Cholbi do Nascimento, known as Edinho, will be the team's coach in the second division of the Brazilian league this year. Edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang. The 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for Santos, the club where his father thrived in the 1960s.
Bruno Labbadia has been appointed as Hamburg's new coach. Labbadia returns to Hamburg for a second spell after coaching the club for one season in 2009-10. The 49-year-old has also coached Bayer Leverkusen and VfB Stuttgart.
Child was outside shops with her older sister in Brighton, East Sussex. She suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following incident on Thursday. Police said dog was off the lead with two similar dogs - two were black and one was white. They were with a man described as being in his 50s, with purple hair and a brown moustache.
Newcastle lost 2-0 to Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. John Carver's side are nine points above the relegation zone. Carver insists his side have 'got six cup finals' left to play. The Newcastle boss has won just two games in 14 games since taking over from Alan Pardew.
Erica Leeder, 26, was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at Rockingham Police Station, south of Perth. The mother of three was arrested on March 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant, reportedly during a strip search. She faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge. Leder was remanded in custody and will reappear in court in May.
Siem de Jong has started just one Premier League game for Newcastle this season. The £6million summer signing suffered a collapsed lung in February. It was initially feared he would miss the remainder of the campaign. De Jong returned to training earlier this month and will now feature for Newcastle's reserves. England Under 19 winger Rolando Aarons will also feature against Derby County.
Miracle Godson jumped into deep waters at East Quarry near Wigan on Friday. Friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers. Lancashire Police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course. Rugby league clubs across the region marked his death with a minute's silence.
Hibernian stand to make £1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against Rangers and Motherwell. Play-off sides must hand over 50 per cent of play-off profits to lower league clubs. Hibs chairman Rod Petrie has garnered support from Motherwell and Hearts for a resolution to slash the profits levied from play-offs finalists from 50% to 25%. The issue will go to the vote at the SPFL AGM next Thursday.
Greg Rusedski has backed Aljaz Bedene's bid to play for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Slovenia-born Bedene secured a British passport last month but cannot play for his new nation. The ITF have ruled that he can't play in the competition because he played twice for Slovenia in 2010 and 2011. Rusedski, ranked No 99 in the world, believes it would be a good thing for the game. Great Britain's No 1 Andy Murray backs the 26-year-old's bid.
Lewis Hamilton on pole for the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel. Mercedes team-mate Rosberg will start second on the grid, with Vettel third. Hamilton was four-hundredths of a second quicker than Rosberg in his Mercedes. Ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet pose a threat to Hamilton's supremacy. McLaren's Jenson Button will start 17th and Fernando Alonso 18th.
England's Justin Rose paired with Jordan Spieth in final round of Masters on Sunday. Spieth leads Masters by four shots going into final round at Augusta. Rory McIlroy paired with Tiger Woods in high-profile final round with Phil Mickelson and Charley Hoffman. Paul Casey and Ian Poulter in all-English pairing with Adam Scott and Lee Westwood.
Novak Djokovic beat Andy Murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the Miami Open final. Djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as Murray came back to take the match to a decider. The world No 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy who seemed startled by the confrontation. Umpire Damien Dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst, saying it 'didn't look good' as he sat down between the change of ends.
AP McCoy won the Grade One Betfred Melling Chase race at Aintree on Friday. McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in front of a huge Ladies' day crowd. The jockey will ride Shutthefrontdoor in the Crabbie's Grand National on Saturday. He also won the big race on the opening day of the Grand National festival.
Lewis Hamilton on pole for Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg will start second on the grid. Sebastian Vettel will start third, down by nine tenths of a second on Hamilton. Hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track. McLaren's Jenson Button and Fernando Alonso on the penultimate row.
Daniel Ricciardo has urged Red Bull to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015. The Australian driver was third quickest in practice ahead of Kimi Raikkonen. Daniil Kvyat was forced to pull off track 19 minutes from the end of FP2 after his brakes caught fire.
Jonathan Trott last played a Test for England in November 2013. The batsman withdrew from the Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Trott was preferred to Yorkshire's Adam Lyth and moved up to the top of the order. Jerome Taylor dismissed Trott in the first over as England slumped to 1-1 after just five balls.
Jimmy Anderson was presented with a special silver cap after reaching 100 Test matches for England. Both teams paid their respects to Richie Benaud before the start of play after he died last week. West Indies' best batsman Chris Gayle chose to play in the IPL rather than for his country. Moeen Ali continued his return from injury with 62 for Worcestershire.
Jonathan Brownlee won the Gold Coast Triathlon in Australia on Saturday. The 24-year-old has won consecutive races in the ITU series. Yorkshireman saw off Mario Mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53. Brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from Javier Gomez.
Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes joined Manchester Thunder netball team to promote Superleague semi-finals. The video features their own players and coaches lip-syncing to 'Is This The Way To Amarillo' England women's footballers Brooke Vincent, Hayley Tamaddon and Katy Cavanagh from Coronation Street also feature. Manchester Thunder are coached by Gary and Phil's sister Tracey Neville.
Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light last weekend. Costel Pantilimon kept his place in the side despite pressure from Vito Mannone. The 28-year-old admits there has been a definite mood change under Dick Advocaat. Pantilimon was a Premier League winner with Manchester City in 2012.
Celtic and Inverness drew 1-1 in their Scottish Premiership clash on Saturday. Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Ronny Deila's side after just three minutes. Edward Ofere equalised for the hosts in the second half at the Tulloch Caledonian Stadium. The two sides meet in the Scottish Cup semi final at Hampden Park on Sunday.
Ian Bell scored 143 on day one of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. The 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the Caribbean in 2009. Bell was dismissed for 143 in the evening session on the opening day of the Test. England finished the day on 341 for five after being bowled out for 341 in their first innings.
Stuart Armstrong has backed under-fire Dundee United boss Jackie McNamara to turn around his troubled season at Tannadice. McNamara has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied to the revelation that he receives a cut of transfer fees for United players sales. After 10 games without a win, the heat was turned up on McNamara on Wednesday when United lost 3-1 at Dens Park  their first derby defeat to Dundee since November 2004.
Roberto Martinez will hold talks with Kevin Mirallas over his future at the end of the season. Belgian attacker Mirallas was one of Evertons top performers in the first half of the campaign. His form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries and he has wanted by Tottenham during the January transfer window. Lennon arrived at Goodison Park on loan and has made a big impression on Martinez. It would cost £6million to make his signing permanent when the window reopens.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring for Celtic in the third minute. Edward Ofere equalised for Inverness Caledonian Thistle a minute later. Inverness goalkeeper Dean Brill was substituted after 20 minutes with a knee injury. Celtic will now face Maribor in the Scottish Cup semi-finals next weekend.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 at Ibrox on Sunday afternoon. Nicky Clark, Haris Vuckic and Nicky Law all scored for the hosts. The win means Rangers and Hibernian are level on 61 points in the Championship.
Rangers beat Raith Rovers 4-0 in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Stuart McCall's side bounce back from defeat against Queen of the South. Rangers travel to Livingston in midweek in a battle for promotion. The Ibrox side have a game in hand over Hibernian in the title race.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for two bookings in the 2-0 defeat at Liverpool. Newcastle boss John Carver labelled the midfielder's tackle on Lucas 'indefensible' Carver refused to make excuses for his captain and said he could have seen a straight red. The defeat was Newcastle's fifth in succession and leaves them in the relegation zone.
Harry Redknapp branded the situation at QPR a soap opera and accused people with their agendas of working against him before he left the club in February citing knee problems. Sandro has defended former manager, saying he is not at fault for QPRs predicament. QPR are currently second bottom of the Premier League table.
Liverpool beat Newcastle United 2-0 at Anfield on Monday night. Jordan Henderson and Simon Mignolet both played their 47th game of season. Henderson believes Liverpool can pile pressure on Manchester City. City are four points above them in the race for the Champions League.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 to win UEFA Youth League in Nyon. The Blues defeated teams of the calibre of Atletico Madrid and Roma in the semi-finals. Izzy Brown scored twice to help his side to victory in front of a partisan crowd. Dominic Solanke was the tournament's top scorer with 12 goals. Coach Adi Viveash says he is confident players will come through the ranks.
A new post has been opened after Paul Downton lost his job as the England and Wales Cricket Board's managing director of cricket on Wednesday. Ashes 2005 winning skipper Vaughan is among the early frontrunners. But the former Yorkshire batsman admitted he would need to know more about the role before committing.
Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Alastair Cook, Peter Moores, Kevin Pietersen and James Whitaker are all in line for the chop. Downton's removal means Pietersen could return to the side if he scores runs for Surrey. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in hope of earning a place in the Ashes squad.
Chelsea face Shakhtar Donetsk in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday. The match will kick-off at 3pm UK time and will be shown live on British Eurosport. Adi Viveash's side beat Roma 4-0 in the semi-finals of the competition on Friday. Chelsea have won the Youth League twice in the past two seasons. Last year's winners were Barcelona, who defeated Benfica in the final.
The Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix loom large over the next two weekends. Sir Dave Brailsford's move to put more emphasis on the Spring Classics in his second five-year plan for Team Sky. Ian Stannard and Geraint Thomas give Team Sky two in-house contenders. Wiggins raised eyebrows with his ninth-placed finish in the cobbled race last year.
David Ospina has won 11 of his 12 Premier League games since replacing Wojciech Szczesny as Arsenal's No 1 goalkeeper in January. Ospina's win ratio of 91.7 per cent is the highest of any player to have made at least 10 league appearances. Former Manchester City defender Stefan Savic is second on the list with 90.9 per cent. Gerard Pique, Asier del Horno, James Wilson, Hector Bellerin and Nacho Monreal also feature.
Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods endured rainy spells during practice on Tuesday. Temperatures are expected to reach 90F on the first day of play, approaching the record 91F set in 2011. A cold front coming over Georgia is likely to bring more stormy weather and strong winds. Thursday and Sunday will likely be the best weather days at the tournament.
Masters 2015 begins on Thursday at Augusta National Golf Club. Rory McIlroy, Ian Poulter, Graeme McDowell and Justin Rose among those teeing off. The Masters is the first major of the 2015 golf season and the first of the year. Click here for all the latest golf news.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Downton made the call to sack Kevin Pietersen and reappoint Peter Moores as England coach after the Ashes whitewash. ECB board members unanimously backed the sacking on Wednesday. 'He was always on the outfield before games,' said one board member.
Dikembe Mutombo was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on Monday. Mutombo was an eight-times NBA All-Star famous for swatting away shots and wagging his finger at the oppositition. The Congolese centre played in the NBA from 1991 until 2009, recording 11,729 points, 12,359 rebounds, and 3,289 blocks.
Rory McIlroy will tee off alongside Phil Mickelson and Ryan Moore at Augusta National on Thursday. The Northern Irishman is bidding to become just the sixth man to win golf's Grand Slam. Tiger Woods among the later starters alongside Jamie Donaldson and Jimmy Walker.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Loftus Road. Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 88th minute. The win moved Jose Mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the table. Fabregas said it was a 'vital' win for the Blues, who are playing for the'most important trophy of the season'
Brook Lopez scored 32 points and nine rebounds for the Nets. Deron Williams added 24 points and 10 assists for the Eastern Conference side. Damian Lillard scored 36 points for the Trail Blazers, who had won two in a row. Portland was without forward Nicolas Batum and backup center Chris Kaman.
Manchester City lost 2-1 at home to Crystal Palace on Monday night. The result leaves Manuel Pellegirni's side nine points behind Chelsea at the top of the table. Gary Neville believes City have a'mentality problem' which prevents them winning back-to-back titles. Neville was on Monday Night Football with Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher.
Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final. Fernando Torres has scored four goals since returning to his former club. Atletico have not lost to Real in six meetings since the 2014 final. Simeone's side are one booking away from being suspended for the second leg.
Jolyon Palmer will drive in every Friday practice session for Lotus this season. The 24-year-old was only 0.6secs behind Pastor Maldonado at the end of FP1 in China. Palmer is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to Lotus. 'I want to race, but only if I get the right offer,' says Palmer.
San Antonio Spurs defeated Golden State Warriors 107-92 on Sunday. Kawhi Leonard scored a career-high 26 points and set a new career high of seven steals. Spurs extended their home winning streak over Warriors to 32 straight, dating back to 1997. LeBron James recorded his first triple-double since returning to Cleveland Cavaliers. Paul George returned from injury as Indiana Pacers beat Miami Heat 112-89.
Jordan Spieth came close to winning the Masters last year. The 21-year-old threw away a two-shot lead to finish joint second. Bubba Watson went on to win his second green jacket in three years. Spieth has been paired with Henrik Stenson and Billy Horschel for first two rounds.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to beat Atletico in six attempts this season. Real lost both La Liga matches against Atletico this season - 2-1 at the Bernabeu and 4-0 away. The last time Real beat their local rivals was in last season's Champions League final. Brazil international Marcelo says they are not thinking about their recent form.
Al Horford and DeMarre Carroll scored 20 points each to help the Atlanta Hawks beat the Brooklyn Nets 131-99 on Saturday night. Paul Millsap left the game early after picking up a shoulder injury in the first half. Marcus Smart hit a buzzer-beating layup in overtime as the Boston Celtics beat the Toronto Raptors 117-166 and moved into the playoff berths. Golden State Warriors clinched home-court advantage throughout the playoffs with their 12th straight victory, beating the Dallas Mavericks 123-110.
Roberto Carlos won the 2002 World Cup with Brazil and the Champions League in 2000. The former Real Madrid defender has worked in Turkey with Sivasspor and Akhisar Belediyespor. Carlos says he finds coaching'very easy' because of the pressure he faced as a player. He added that he has learnt a lot from the managers he worked for as a footballer.
Sergio Aguero opened the scoring for the Northern All-Stars after less than a minute. Harry Kane added his name to the scoresheet in the second half with a well-taken finish. Alexis Sanchez then rounded off the victory with a clinical effort 20 minutes from time. The Northern team were made to rue missed opportunities after creating three clear-cut chances to the South's two. Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez is the stand-out in Football Manager's player ratings.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. The first leg of the tie will take place at the Parc des Princes in Paris. Luis Enrique's side beat PSG 3-1 on home soil at the Nou Camp in the group stage. Adriano warned his team-mates they must be at their very best if they are to overcome PSG's star-studded squad, including Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Thiago Silva and Lucas Moura.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side are yet to win a game in six Madrid derbies this season. Atletico have beaten them twice in the league and in the Spanish Super Cup and the Copa del Rey. But the Italian coach insists he is not obsessed with Diego Simeone's side. Gareth Bale is set to start for Real after being rested against Eibar on Saturday.
Lucas Moura has singled out Lionel Messi for special praise ahead of PSG's Champions League clash against Barcelona. Moura has revealed he is 'obsessed' with Messi's style of play. PSG play host to Barcelona on Wednesday night before facing the La Liga giants at the Nou Camp on April 21.
Thiago Silva says Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar are the best three players in the world. PSG host Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. The French champions won the French League Cup on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Chelsea are continuing talks with Belgian side Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz. Talks have been ongoing for over a month after Lille cut their ties with the club. Chelsea have been looking for alternatives to Vitesse Arnhem. Mouscron are 13th in the Belgian league and a deal is expected to advance.
Medhi Benatia suffered a muscle injury against Bayer Leverkusen on Wednesday. The defender could miss both legs of Bayern Munich's Champions League quarter-final against Porto. Bayern travel to Porto next week before the return leg in Munich later this month. Benatia joins a long injury list at Bayern that includes Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and reserve keeper Tom Starke.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the first half. Former Arsenal defender Sebastien Squillaci was sent off for the foul. Ibrahimovic doubled the lead before half-time to put PSG firmly in control. Substitute Edinson Cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header.
FIFA's ethics committee has been investigating allegations of match-fixing. South Africa's warm-up games before the 2010 World Cup were under suspicion. FIFA said as far back as 2011 that it had strong suspicions. No players were implicated, but referees were suspected of working for convicted match fixer Wilson Raj Perumal and manipulating matches.
A Rajasthan Royals player was offered money to influence a game last month. The player immediately reported the incident to the Indian cricket board's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit. Rajasthan are aware of the threat of match-fixing after three players from the team were arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to concede a fixed number of runs.
Stuart McCall insists he is loving life at Rangers despite defeat to Queen of the South. Rangers lost 3-0 to the League One outfit on Thursday night. McCall replaced Kenny McDowall at Ibrox after he quit as caretaker manager. The 50-year-old insists he will not let the pressure of the job wear him down.
Nikola Karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case. Karabatic and his younger brother Luka were among a group of players banned by the French league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their Montpellier club, which had already secured the title, lost to a struggling team. The trial will likely take place within months.
Rangers lost 3-0 to Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship on Thursday. Rangers boss Stuart McCall has spoken to defender Bilel Mohsni about his discipline. Mohsni picked up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during the defeat. McCall believes Rangers cannot risk unnecessary suspensions.
Tim Visser wants to end his Edinburgh career lifting European silverware at the ground he will call home next season. Edinburgh face Newport Gwent Dragons in a tough semi-final at BT Murrayfield. If the Scots prevail, they will head for Twickenham Stoop. Visser signed a two-year deal with Harlequins this month.
Derek Lyle opened the scoring for Queen of the South in the 33rd minute. Lewis Kidd doubled the hosts' lead at the start of the second half. Lee Wallace scored an own goal to make it 3-0 at the break. Gavin Reilly forced a late own goal for QOTS to make matters worse. Stuart McCall suffered his first defeat as Rangers manager.
Al Kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the SRU. Kellock amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for Glasgow and Edinburgh. The 33-year-old skippered Scotland to their first ever Test series win in the southern hemisphere. He played his 150th game as captain in the 34-34 draw at Leinster last Friday.
Bristol City striker Aaron Wilbraham scored the only goal of the game in the 63rd minute at Deepdale. Swindon's win means Steve Cotterill will have to wait until Tuesday to finish the job of returning to the Championship. Preston stay in the Championship after drawing at Port Vale on Saturday.
Edinson Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says a move to England is a possibility. Manchester United are monitoring the situation at Paris Saint-Germain. Cavani is reportedly fed up of playing second fiddle to Zlatan Ibrahimovic. United are thought to be interested in signing Cavani to replace Robin van Persie.
Passengers have taken to Twitter to share their approval of the new in-flight playlists. They feature rockers such as The xx, Haim, Phantogram and Hozier. The change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline's previous music, which were instrumental piano versions of pop songs.
Gregory van der Wiel says he's not interested in leaving Paris Saint-Germain. The full back had a recent spat with manager Laurent Blanc after being dropped. Dani Alves has been linked with a move to the French champions in the summer.
Jordon Ibe has broken into the Liverpool first team set-up this season. The 19-year-old is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks. Liverpool face a struggling Newcastle in their next Premier League game on Saturday.
Kerry Hamilton, 34, had stomach cramps, bleeding and irregular periods for two years. She was finally diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma, a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50. At just 34, she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children. Now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers so other women with seemingly 'everyday' symptoms like cramps visit their GP.
Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places. Brendan Rodgers says his side's recent defeats are down to their own failings. The Liverpool boss says it is down to his players, not his tactics, not the opposition. Liverpool host Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup quarter-final replay on Wednesday.
Riff lets you film videos and upload them to Facebook and the app. Friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project. Videos can be shared on social networks, over email and in messaging apps. Each video has a counter that shows how many clips are attached and how many people have viewed the total project.
Xabi Alonso falls over during Rondo drill in training. Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 2-0 on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga. Click here for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
Samir Nasri dined out in London with girlfriend Anara Atanes on Tuesday night. The pair dined at Hakkasan, an award-winning Michelin star restaurant in the capital. Nasri came on as a substitute in Man City's 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Monday. Manuel Pellegrini's side are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. City could use Nasri as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Ander Herrera says he wears his full name on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons. The Manchester United midfielder cites his reasons following a good spell at Athletic Bilbao. Herrera reached the Copa del Rey and Europa League finals in his debut season at the club in 2011-12. Louis van Gaal's side beat Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Saturday.
LeBron James led Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over Chicago Bulls on Sunday. Cleveland Cavaliers superstar LeBron James scored 20 points, 10 rebounds and 12 assists. He also claims credit for telling Kyrie Irving to shoot a 52-foot three on the buzzer. LeBron posted an image of himself not especially pleased with the buzzing of drills at the dentist.
California Department of Corrections has set up a unit to protect former gang members from gangs. Sensitive Needs Housing Units provide a safer environment, free from gang activity, and the transition out of gang membership is dramatic. Inmates of different races and gang affiliations mix during their daily exercise and in the cafeteria during lunch. Those who have renounced gang membership have the opportunity to work for the federal minimum wage earning 20 cents an hour.
Nasr Bitar spotted the car on the streets of Mississauga, Canada, last autumn. He followed it in his own vehicle, and got in position just in time to take the snap. Image of selfie has now been shared almost 2.9million times on Reddit and imgur.
Kevin Davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on Tuesday. It's the second time in less than two months Preston's No 9 has injured that part of his body. Davies injured his left hand during Preston's FA Cup fifth round replay defeat to Manchester United on February 16. The 38-year-old has found the net just once in 38 appearances for the club this season.
England beat St Kitts Invitational XI by 320 runs on second day of warm-up match. Alastair Cook and Ian Bell both retired out with England on 379-6 at stumps. Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood were brought in for a work out in farcical conditions. James Tredwell outperformed Adil Rashid to be England's Test spinner. Gary Ballance looked out of touch, the only real problem for England in comfortable win.
Arsenal thrashed Liverpool 4-1 at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Danny Welbeck was spotted arriving at the Manchester Arena on Monday night. Liverpool full back Jose Enrique was also in attendance at the concert. Alberto Moreno, Mamadou Sakho and Alberto Moreno were also at the show.
Marcos Rojo enjoyed a meal out with friends and family in Portugal during a week off. The Manchester United defender was pictured with wife Eugenia Lusardo and daughter, Morena. Fitness instructor Sarah Watson claims Rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the United star following a night out. Rojo's identity in the case was originally held back as a 'Premier League footballer' though details have now been revealed.
Jack Wilshere played 90 minutes for Arsenal's Under 21 side on Tuesday night. The midfielder has been out of action since November with an ankle injury. Wilshere has set his sights on the FA Cup semi-final with Reading and the Premier League clash with Manchester United. Sportsmail can exclusively reveal that the England midfielder features on Manchester City's summer shopping list.
Roy Keane will stand trial in June after an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. The former Manchester United captain is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Ashley Road, Altrincham, on January 30. He is accused of causing harassment, alarm or distress to Mr Kerar - a Section 4A Public Order offence. No CCTV of the incident was captured, the court heard.
Liverpool take on Blackburn in FA Cup fourth round replay on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers has set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing in the top four. Liverpool have lost ground in the race for the Champions League places and will find it hard to recover. Raheem Sterling and Steven Gerrard are the club's top scorers with 10 goals each. Martin Skrtel and Emre Can are suspended along with captain Gerrard.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored five goals as Real Madrid beat Granada 9-1 on Sunday. Portuguese star took to Twitter to share his post-match celebrations with fans. Ronaldo posted a picture of himself posing with a bike and urged his followers to get in shape.
Sagan Tosu defender Kim Min Hyeok allegedly stamped on Mu Kanazaki's face. Videos of the incident have gone viral on YouTube. Hyeok, who plays for ninth-placed Sagan Tosu, was only shown a yellow card. Kanazaki's side went on to win the game 3-1, with the man on the floor scoring twice.
Christian Benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as Aston Villa drew 3-3 with QPR. Tim Sherwood said that the striker can fire Villa to Premier League safety. The Villa boss said that he has seven goals in seven games under Sherwood. Villa are three points above the drop zone and denied QPR the chance to move up.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Cesc Fabregas was left bloodied after being caught by Charlie Adam's flailing arm. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points. Fabregas suffered a broken nose playing for Spain against Arsenal in 2008.
Champion jockey Ruby Walsh appears to jump a car in latest Paddy Power advert. The 22-second clip shows the two-time Grand National winner galloping towards the car and jumping it. Paddy Power claims Walsh jumped straight over the car, which was travelling at 40mph. Irish jockey Walsh will ride Ballycasey in Saturday's Grand National at Aintree.
Gary Mabbutt was rushed to hospital after his leg went cold in 2013. The 53-year-old's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb. Doctors warned him it was 'touch and go' on whether it would have to be amputated. He was treated at King's College Hospital in south east London. Surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound. Mabbutt has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through.
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead. But Christian Benteke equalised for Aston Villa just three minutes later. Benteke then scored his seventh Premier League goal of the season to make it 2-2. Clint Hill scored his first ever league goal for QPR just after half-time. Charlie Austin pulled one back for the visitors just after the hour mark. Aston Villa's last win in the Premier League came against Manchester City in October 2012.
Rio Ferdinand started the first seven games of QPR's Premier League campaign. But the 36-year-old has played just five times since the start of October. Harry Redknapp expected Ferdinand to bring 'quality, class, experience and know-how' to the club. QPR are two points from safety after their 3-3 draw at Aston Villa on Tuesday night. Ferdinand won six Premier League titles, the FA Cup and the Champions League during his career.
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba took a stroll through London on Tuesday afternoon. The 37-year-old was spotted talking on his mobile phone while taking a stroll. Drogba replaced Diego Costa during Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League with a game in hand.
Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Saturday. Co-chairman Steve Parish posed for a picture with Roy Hodgson and Bill Wyman after the game. Wyman is one of the original members of The Rolling Stones. Parish posted the picture on his Instagram account.
QPR winger Matt Phillips now has seven assists in the Premier League in 2015. Lionel Messi has made more assists (eight) than any other player in Europe's top five leagues. Phillips set up two goals in QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa on Tuesday night. Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin de Bruyne has 17 assists in Bundesliga this season. Emil Halfredsson is one of six players to have laid on five goals for Verona this year.
Jack Wilshere came through the 4-1 win over Stoke City unscathed. Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby were recovering from ankle and calf injuries respectively. Alex Iwobi stole the show with a hat-trick for Arsenal at the Emirates. Wilshere has been out of action since November 22 with an ankle injury.
Franck Ribery worked under Louis van Gaal at Bayern Munich in 2009/10. Ribery admits he considered a move away from the Bundesliga club. The winger says Van Gaal is a 'bad man' who lost the players' trust. Van Gaal won the league and cup double in his first season in charge at Bayern.
Arsenal have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season. The Gunners were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by Chelsea last season and had 63 points from 31 games. They are now flying in the Premier League and beat Liverpool 4-1 on Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side are in fine form and top the European form guide. But they still can't beat their efforts from last season, at least not yet.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa drew 3-3 against fellow relegation battlers QPR on Tuesday night. The Villa Park boss went from despair to ecstasy and back again as his side fought back from 2-1 down to claim a point. Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to pull the Midlands club level with the Hoops with seven minutes to go. Sherwood will have to endure yet more ups and downs as Villa have six more games to achieve Premier League survival.
Bubba Watson was voted most unpopular player on the PGA Tour by fellow professionals. The reigning Masters champion is chasing a third green jacket at Augusta this week. Patrick Reed came second in the survey of 103 tour pros, with Rory Sabbatini third and Robert Allenby fourth. Watson admitted he had been involved in'some mess ups' but said he did not dislike any of his professional peers.
Tim Sherwood and Chris Ramsey may become a united force again in seasons to come. There was adrenaline, action, twists and turns as Ramsey and Sherwood went head-to-head at Villa Park. Their teams' Premier League statuses were not decided on Tuesday night, but this felt like a sliding-doors moment that directed their paths. Sherwood tore his jacket off as he celebrated his team's goal en route to Christian Benteke's hat-trick.
Zak Hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in Leeds, but was not charged with any offence. Leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining Hardaker's punishment. He will forfeit one month's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for the club's foundation for the duration of his contract. Hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year.
Jenson Button believes McLaren now have their rivals in their sights. McLaren and new power-unit supplier Honda made significant progress in Malaysia. Both Button and Fernando Alonso retired during the race at the Sepang circuit. The British driver appreciates the cooler air in Shanghai could have an effect.
Stan Collymore was pictured leaping out of his seat as Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to rescue a point for Aston Villa against QPR on Tuesday night. The former striker was sporting a claret and blue scarf in the press box at Villa Park. Collymore himself played for Villa between 1997 and 2000, having grown up idolising the likes of Gary Shaw and Peter Withe. Following Tuesday night's result, Villa are 16th in the Premier League table.
Carlos Colina, 32, is being held on $1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body in Cambridge, Massachusetts on Monday. The remains of Jonathan Camilien, 26, including a torso and limbs, were found in a duffel bag near the campus of Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Saturday morning. His head was found in Colina's apartment building across the street, according to the police report. Colina previously worked out at the Cambridge Athletic Club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on November 24. A witness said
Liverpool face Blackburn in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. Brendan Rodgers' side have not won a trophy since the Carling Cup in 2010. The FA Cup represents Liverpool's last chance of silverware after a disappointing season. A top-four place is virtually gone, unless they make up seven points on Manchester City.
Jack Wilshere has been linked with a move to Manchester City this summer. The 23-year-old hasn't played for Arsenal since injuring his ankle in November. Wilshere would follow Emmanuel Adebayor, Bacary Sagna and Samir Nasri out of London. Manchester City are looking to rebuild under Sheik Mansour and need young players. Jordan Henderson and Raheem Sterling are also seen as a possibility for City. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news LIVE.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. The derby is one of the biggest match-ups in world football, watched by millions across the globe. United fans pine for the days when Martin Edwards ruled the roost at Old Trafford. Manuel Pellegrini has been keen to immerse himself in the local culture. Louis van Gaal has taken a lot of local knowledge from Ryan Giggs. Brian Kidd is more Mancunian than Bez drinking a can of Boddingtons.
Youssouf Mulumbu has cast his vote for the PFA Player of the Year awards. West Brom midfielder has picked Tottenham striker Harry Kane for the top prize. Mulumbu also picked Chelsea wideman Eden Hazard for the young player of the year award. The DR Congo international posted his vote to Twitter on Wednesday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
The image was reportedly taken at Sebastian Inlet State Park near Vero Beach, Florida. John Bailey told WPTV the bobcat collected the shark after entering the water. The bobcat then scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find, he said.
Manchester United signed a £750million kit deal with adidas last summer. Adidas will make the club's kits for 10 years starting from the 2015-16 campaign. The German brand follow Nike who had been supplying United for 13 years. United's rumoured home strip for next season has done the rounds for a while but it is the designs of the away and third kit that will catch the eye.
Geoffrey Kondogbia has racked up over 100 league appearances for Lens, Monaco, and even Sevilla during his five-year professional career. Arsenal were heavily linked with midfielder before he signed for Ligue 1 side Monaco. The 22-year-old impressed at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup alongside Paul Pogba in the French midfield. He scored the first goal in Monaco's 3-1 first-leg win over Arsenal in the Champions League last-16 first leg at the Emirates Stadium. Liverpool are now the main Premier League club interested in signing the midfielder.
Wisden editor Lawrence Booth uses his notes to take England to task in the 152nd edition of the fabled Almanack, which is published on Wednesday. Booth, also a respected cricket writer with Sportsmail, says English cricket has lost touch with the idea that the national team belongs to us all. The editor is also scathing about England's decision to sack Alastair Cook as one-day captain on the eve of the disastrous World Cup.
Tyrone Mings posted a text message conversation between him and his mother. Mother thanked him for wiping 'all my debt away for the first time ever in my life' Mings replied: 'Aww mumma you deserve every penny. Thankyou for all the years of hard work' Ipswich spokesman said post was 'a private matter between Tyrone and his mum'
Manchester United have turned down offers from Asia and Australia. Louis van Gaal and his players will operate out of one base in America and travel to their games from there. The trip will last in the region of 12 days - a whole week shorter than last summer. United will play in the International Champions Cup, which they won last year. Premier League season starts on August 8.
Stuart Broad suffered a dramatic fall during England's warm-up match in Saint Kitts. The bowler was left clutching his left ankle after slipping in his delivery stride. Broad had complained about the state of the crease, which was damp after overnight rain. England's medical staff rushed out to the middle to treat Broad following his fall. He was able to walk off the field and after ice treatment should return to the action.
Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night. The 24-year-old's treble moved Belgium into third place for Premier League goals this season. Belgium are now just 19 goals behind Spain, who are second on 67. Eden Hazard has scored 12 goals for Chelsea and Romelu Lukaku eight for Everton. Harry Kane (19) and Charlie Austin (17) lead England's tally of 255 top-flight goals.
Pep Guardiola's contract at Bayern Munich expires in the summer of 2016. Chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge revealed talks will take place this summer. Jan-Christian Dreesen believes Guardiola will not base his decision on where he will earn the most money. Bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
Phil Jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the Thai festival of Songkran with sponsors Chang Beer. The Everton captain prepared some Pad Thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food. Songkran is celebrated in Thailand between April 13 and 15 as the traditional New Year's Day.
FC Chernomorets Odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding. Ukrainian Premier League club could face relegation and UEFA disqualification. Club's general manager Sergey Kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around £67,000. Chernomorets currently sit 11th in the 14-team league.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games with an ankle injury. Striker suffered the injury in the 2-1 defeat at Swansea on February 21. Louis van Gaal said last week he did not expect the Dutchman to be fit. But Van Persie tweeted on Wednesday that he has declared himself fit for Sunday's derby. Manchester City host United at Old Trafford in the Premier League at 3pm on Sunday.
Ander Herrera and Juan Mata have both bagged braces in Manchester United's last two games. The pair have been in scintillating form for Louis van Gaal's side in recent weeks. Mata was the hero during United's 2-1 win against Liverpool in May. Herrera bagged a brace of his own as United stormed to a 3-1 victory against Aston Villa. That win lifted United above rivals Manchester City to third in the Premier League table.
Cesc Fabregas suffered the break during Chelsea's win over Stoke City on Saturday. Spaniard travelled to Milan to see a specialist, who produced masks for Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba previously. The mask, branded with Fabreas's initial and squad number 'C4', was made by the Ortholabsport, an orthopedic centre in Milan, and their craftsmen Stefano Duchini and Lucilla Pezzoni.
Senad Lulic scored a late winner as Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final. Lazio will face league leaders Juventus in the final at the San Paolo Stadium. Rafael Benitez was under pressure after Napoli slipped to sixth in Serie A. Gonzalo Higuain was guilty of missing several good chances for the holders.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his Real Madrid career. The Portugal forward netted in the 68th minute to move Madrid within four points of their great rivals Barcelona. Ronaldo joined the 300 club in just 288 appearances with a header against Rayo Vallecano. Real Madrid remain four points behind Barcelona in La Liga.
Harry Dowd was part of the side who beat Leicester City 1-0 at Wembley in 1969. Dowd played 181 games in nine years at Maine Road. He joined the club as an amateur at the age of 20 in 1958 and continued working as a plumber. Fred Eyre paid tribute to Dowd, calling him 'a great goalkeeper'
Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club's next home game against Tottenham. A social media campaign has been launched to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever Premier League crowd. Fans who don't want to turn their back on the players will be encouraged to take part in demos before and after the game at St James' Park. The Newcastle United Supporters Trust have also backed the boycott.
Manchester City stars have unveiled a 64metre mural at the club's Academy Stadium. Players including Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design. The mural has been inspired by young City fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives. Manchester-based artists groups Outhouse used the pictures to design the mural.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Simon Eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser to force extra-time. Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer was in'shock' as he watched Eastwood's shot saved. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals at Wembley on April 19.
Steven Gerrard could feature in the FA Cup final on his 35th birthday. Liverpool captain was suspended for the quarter-final replay against Blackburn Rovers. Gerrard was sent off for a stamp on Manchester United's Ander Herrera. Philippe Coutinho came to the rescue for Liverpool by scoring the game's only goal. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Ernest Goult, 72, will stand trial for allegedly making a racist gesture. He is accused of making the gesture at a Middlesbrough home game against Blackburn. Blackburn players Markus Olsson, Rudy Gestede and Lee Williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial about the alleged incident at the Riverside Stadium.
Restaurant owner let man into eatery when he knocked on door and asked to use toilet. He tried to rape her as she was closing shop in Shandong, eastern province of China. She pinned him to the floor and put her hands around his throat - warning him to leave her alone. After he tried to attack her again, she knocked him down and escaped unharmed. The attacker was arrested two weeks later and will stand trial for attempted rape.
Paul Downton has been sacked as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Downton's job description has been abolished following England's dismal World Cup showing. Michael Vaughan and Andrew Strauss are among those tipped to replace the former director. ECB chief executive Tom Harrison and chairman-elect Colin Graves met with all 14 members of the governing body's management board ahead of their spring meeting.
Jack Nicklaus hit a hole in one on the fourth during the Par-3 Contest at Augusta. The 75-year-old was playing alongside Gary Player and Ben Crenshaw. Camilo Villegas followed Nicklaus with a hole-in-one on the same hole. Nicklaus is one of five men to complete the career grand slam. Rory McIlroy can achieve the feat if he wins his third major in succession.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored the only goal of the game in the 70th minute. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup at Wembley. Jordan Henderson had a dramatic 24 hours as his partner gave birth to their second daughter.
Philippe Coutinho scored winner in FA Cup sixth round replay at Ewood Park. Simon Mignolet recovered well from his Emirates horror show to save from Ben Marshall in key moment. Coutinho was the star man in midfield again, and his goal sends them to Wembley. Blackburn came close to equaliser when Simon Eastwood was denied in stoppage time.
Luis Suarez was clearly Liverpool's player of the season last season. The Uruguayan striker scored 31 goals for the Reds in the Premier League. Steven Gerrard, Daniel Sturridge, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling also played well. Jordan Henderson and Phillippe Coutinho have chipped in with important goals. Coutinho won the game for Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final against Burnley.
Mamadou Sakho limped off early on in Liverpool's 1-0 FA Cup sixth round replay win over Blackburn Rovers. The French defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring after a clearance on the edge of his own penalty area. Sakho was replaced by Kolo Toure, who partnered Dejan Lovren in a threadbare four-man defence with Emre Can and Martin Skrtel already unavailable.
Hector Bellerin has impressed in the absence of Mathieu Debuchy this season. The young Spaniard scored his second Premier League goal against Liverpool last weekend. Bellerin set a new Arsenal record over 40 metres in August. He shaved one hundredth of a second off Theo Walcott's club sprint record. But Walcott is determined to reclaim his title this summer.
Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee Mario Melero Lopez after he was chopped down by defender Antonio Amaya inside the box. The decision means Ronaldo is suspended for the game against Eibar in La Liga on Saturday. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez, who were also booked, could also miss the game. Carlo Ancelotti wants the yellow card shown to his star forward rescinded.
Thiago Alcantara scored the winning penalty as Bayern Munich edged out Bayer Leverkusen to reach the German Cup semi-final. The Spaniard challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into Stefan Kiessling's chest. Thiago's kick went unpunished and he later helped his side through to the semi-finals. Manuel Neuer saved Josip Drmic's effort from the spot in the shootout.
Canal and River Trust in Bath are dredging the River Avon in preparation for a new development. The 100 tonne crane barge is being used to lift items that have been dumped at the bottom of the river. Over 150 shopping trolleys have so far been recovered as well as numerous bikes and wheels. Clean-up operation is costing £20,000 and was ordered by the Environment Agency after objects were identified during a river survey.
Kris Commons and Stefan Johansen scored either side of half-time for Celtic. Partick Thistle's James Craigen was sent off for a 'last man' foul on Stuart Armstrong. Celtic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Troy University students Delonte' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators. The alleged victim told police she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details. Hundreds of people watched the alleged attack on Panama City Beach, Florida, in broad daylight and did nothing to stop it, authorities said. Footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an investigation into a shooting in Troy, Alabama.
Nina Moric, 38, appeared in the video for Ricky Martin's hit La Vida Loco. Italian media claimed she tried to take her own life and was found by her mother. Ms Moric posted photographs of heavy bruising on her arms on her Instagram account. She told her fans she was'shocked' by the suicide claims and had no intention to end her life. The Croatian-born model said she was taken to hospital after a domestic accident.
The tiger slipped on the icy surface at the Hengdaohezi Siberian Tiger Park in China. The moment was captured by photographer Libby Zhang who was photographing the tigers' feeding session. She said: 'The crowd burst out in a roar of laughter - it was during feeding time'
Manchester City beat Leicester City 3-0 at the King Power Stadium on Wednesday. Isaac Buckley and Brandon Barker scored late goals to put City 5-1 up on aggregate. City will face Chelsea in the Youth Cup final in a repeat of their last final seven years ago. The Premier League champions' youth side won 4-2 on aggregate on that occasion.
Fabio Capello insists John Terry should never have been stripped of England captaincy. Capello claims England would be stronger if they still had Chelsea star at their disposal. Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand during a match against QPR in 2011. Chelsea defender was cleared in court of abusing Ferdinand but banned and fined by FA.
Storm Prediction Center upgraded to its second-highest advisory level - a moderate risk - while stressing that a significant tornado or two could form in a narrow stretch from northern Oklahoma to central Missouri. Strong storms swamped Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Charleston, West Virginia, at midday Wednesday and forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of West Texas. Emergency managers in Kansas and Illinois huddled separately to address the approaching storms. Kansas officials warned that hail could be the size of baseballs, while Illinois officials told residents they should be prepared to seek shelter.
Burnell 'Bernie' Mitchell, 61, held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and terrorism offences. His sister is Liz Mitchell, lead singer of the 1970s band Boney M, who fronted the band. Mitchell founded An Noor Mosque in Acton where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach. He was arrested on Wednesday night and further arrested on Thursday afternoon. Mr Mitchell's home was searched at the same time as An-Noor Mosque in Wembley. Police are investigating death of Syrian-born 48-year-old who was found dead in his car.
Jordan Morris scored early in the second half to give USA the lead. Juan Agudelo added his first international goal since March 2011. Morris is the first university student to be picked by USA in two decades. The US has beaten Mexico by 2-0 in four straight home World Cup qualifiers.
Ricky Hatton's former trainer Bob Shannon has been charged with sexual assault. Shannon, 59, helped prepare Hatton for his comeback fight against Vyacheslav Senchenko. Hatton lost the fight in November 2012 and promptly retired from boxing. Manchester-based trainer's stable includes Hattons brother, Matthew, the European welterweight champion, and fighters who have won British and European titles.
Alain Robert climbed Dubai's 1,007ft Cayan Tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk. The 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees. Robert took an hour and a half to scale the high-rise building in the United Arab Emirates.
Former judge who led inquiry into Bradford stadium fire has dismissed claims it was not an accident. Mr Justice Oliver Popplewell said the stand involved had no insurance value as it was due for demolition. He also rejected claims his inquiry was held too quickly, three weeks after the fire. 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy at the Valley Parade ground in 1985. Author Martin Fletcher has revealed a series of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time of the tragedy. Former minister Gerry Sutcliffe said the new allegations do
Luke Shaw says Ashley Young is the biggest joker in the Manchester United dressing room. He says the players still laugh at the time Young got bird poo in his mouth during a match against Swansea. Shaw says David de Gea is the 'nicest guy in football' and always approachable. Louis van Gaal's stern demeanour is not limited to the touchline, says Shaw.
Man in his 70s shot daughter's boyfriend and a police officer in Zaragoza, Spain. He holed up in his home and refused to leave for over 12 hours last night. Civil Guard finally stormed the house at 8am this morning and shot him dead. The 50-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital after being shot twice in the shoulder.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. The Ghana international is keen on a move to the Premier League. Everton, Newcastle and Swansea have all shown an interest. Roma, Wolfsburg, Borussia Dortmund and Napoli are also interested. Ayew admits he grew up supporting Liverpool and Steven Gerrard. Liverpool have already signed Divock Origi and are keen on Danny Ings.
Ri Sol-Ju was last seen in public in December 2014, when she and her husband attended a ceremony to commemorate the third anniversary of Kim Jong-Il's death. The match was being held as part of a series of events celebrating the 103rd birthday of Kim Il-Sung, the young leader's grandfather. North Korea designates the 'Day of the Sun' as a rare two-day national holiday with art performances, exhibitions and sporting events.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the Westfalenstadion. Defender Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Ilkay Gundogan and Ciro Immobile have struggled to adapt to life without Robert Lewandowski. Serbian defender Neven Subotic wants to play in a more physical league.
Newcastle United have dumped framed photographs of Sir Bobby Robson's title-chasing side in a skip outside St James' Park. The pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images. Newcastle finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the Champions League. Alan Shearer, Gary Speed, Nolberto Solano and Shay Given are included in the photos.
FA chairman Greg Dyke must find £30million to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3G pitches in urban coaching hubs. He has identified the non-league national team as an area of potential saving. The England C team has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979. It is managed by Paul Fairclough, who selects from players outside the Football League, aged 23 and under.
The banyan tree in Guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk, but a whole web of roots. Locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure. Originally the roots of the tree grew up against a wall, before it was moved to a nearby park.
Olympique Lyonnais beat Bastia 2-0 to go top of Ligue 1 on Wednesday night. Goals from Mohamed Yattara and Alexandre Lacazette seal victory for Lyon. Lacazette is the top scorer in Ligue One with 25 goals this season. Paris Saint-Germain are second two points off the pace.
Andrew Odell tweeted Aldi a picture of the rodent crawling around inside his loaf of bread. He said it was the last time he was going to shop at the supermarket in Milton Keynes. Aldi said it had contacted Mr Odell and is investigating the grim discovery 'as a matter of urgency'
Joss Labadie has been banned for six months for biting Ronnie Henry. The incident occurred during Dagenham's 1-0 win over Stevenage last month. Labadie pleaded not guilty to the charge at an FA disciplinary hearing on Wednesday. He was banned for 10 matches and fined £2,000 for biting Chesterfield's Ollie Banks.
Suma, a 36-year-old orangutan, undergoes a health check-up at Melbourne Zoo to assess the progress of her arthritis. She was first diagnosed with the painful condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements. Doctors had to anaesthetise Suma in order to check how her condition has progressed over the past two years. In June she will turn 37 years old, which is late middle age for an orangutan, so arthritis is not unexpected.
The FA have formed a concussion experts panel to help make the game safer. The panel of eight medical professionals will meet for the first time in May. Head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since Hugo Lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with Romelu Lukaku in 2013. Jeff Astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to the head during his career.
Paul McGowan was handed a 16-week restriction of liberty order. The 27-year-old Dundee midfielder was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. McGowan will miss two games against former club Celtic because he is under house arrest. Dundee have vowed to stand by McGowan after the bad boy midfielder was spared jail.
Bristol City beat Bradford City 6-0 on Tuesday night to secure promotion. The Robins are the first team in the Football League to mathematically secure promotion from League One. Defender Aden Flint has scored 11 goals for the Robins so far this season. Steve Cotterill's side are 10 points clear of Preston North End at the top of the table. They need to beat Coventry City on Saturday to be crowned champions.
Gerard Pique says Barcelona's front three have a special relationship. Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi and Neymar have scored 88 goals between them this season. Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday night. Pique says he has never seen a relationship like the one he has seen with the trio.
Police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at NRL referees during the Good Friday clash between the Bulldogs and Rabbitohs. A touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at ANZ Stadium in Sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry Canterbury fans. Referees had penalised Bulldogs captain James Graham in the final minute of the game, which allowed South Sydney to seal a 18-17 victory. As the officials left the field and tried to enter the tunnel a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles
Daniel Agger allegedly elbowed FC Copenhagen's Mattias Jorgensen. The incident was not seen by match officials during Monday's goalless draw. Brondby defender Agger will be investigated by the Danish FA. FC Copenhagen are second in Denmark's Superligaen on 43 points, 11 behind leaders FC Midtjylland.
Ian Drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain and meant he had to use crutches to get around. But the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at Blackpool Rangers FC where he helped to put up spectator barriers and goalposts. Drinnan, from South Shore, Lancashire admitted fraud by failing to tell the Department of Work and Pensions his physical ability had improved. He was sentenced to 80 hours unpaid work for the community and ordered to pay £85 costs and £60 victim surcharge.
Lavall Hall, 25, was shot dead by police in Miami Gardens, Florida, on February 15. The schizophrenic, who was black, had been released from a mental hospital a week earlier. He was suffering from a psychotic episode when his mother called police to take him to a mental health unit. Miami Gardens police said Hall 'attacked' them with 'deadly force' using the broom. Footage from inside a police car appears to show Hall running past the car with two officers in pursuit. An officer can be heard shouting 'Get on the f****** ground or
Photographer Terry Richardson has been accused of releasing footage of Kate Upton dancing in a bikini without her permission. The 49-year-old has shot everyone from Miley Cyrus to Kim Kardashian in his New York studio. Richardson is known to many as 'Uncle Terry' and once described as 'fashion's shameful secret' In a new interview with Vogue Kate says there's no bad blood over the 'Cat Daddy' footage.
Shaqueel van Persie scored with a'scorpion kick' in his back garden. The seven-year-old has trained with both Manchester clubs and starred in a BT Sport advert. Manchester United will reportedly offer Van Persie £5million to leave Old Trafford. Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still managed 10 Premier League goals.
Lewis Hamilton leads the Formula One drivers' championship after two races. The British driver says his Mercedes contract is still not signed despite being '99.6 per cent done' Hamilton says he has had to read 80 pages of legal jargon to sort out paperwork. He says it is 'unlikely' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend's Chinese Grand Prix.
YouTube user Serpentor filmed his feline friend in action. Tabby produces a range of unusual gurgling noises as she is petted. When her back is rubbed, she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds. Clip of her singing has been watched more than 17,000 times.
Magnitude 3.1 quake struck just before 9pm last night north of Los Angeles. Quake was centered about four miles north of San Fernando near Interstate 210. It caused a'sharp jolt' to be felt in the San Fernando Valley and northern Los Angeles County. There was no reported damage or injuries and police and fire departments say no problems were reported.
Watford beat Millwall 2-0 in their Championship clash at Vicarage Road. Matej Vydra opened the scoring with a stunning volley from the edge of the box. Adlene Guedioura added a second for the Hornets shortly after the break. Millwall slipped further into relegation trouble after failing to win on Good Friday.
Quinn Patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at Snow Lake, Indiana. The pair caught a Bowfin, which was lying lifeless on a concrete dock. Quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water. But suddenly the Bowfin propels itself from the ground and slaps the youngster straight in the face with its large tail.
The Curl-crested Jay is native to South America and resides at the Criadouro Onca Pintada breeding centre. Videoed behind a fence, the bird initially makes a sinister noise like a distorted voice before creating an almost digital sound. Following this the bird makes a noise that sounds like running water before a Space Invaders style tune emerges from it. Consultant parrot behavioural expert Greg Glendell spoke with MailOnline about the various theories regarding the function of these sounds.
Jimmy Anderson is three wickets away from breaking Sir Ian Botham's England record of 384 Test wickets. Ben Stokes was England's first wicket of the day when he was caught behind by Jason Holder. West Indies finished day two on 155 for four having had the better of the second day. Stuart Broad and Jos Buttler were England's other wickets takers on day two.
Joao Teixeira has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg. The 22-year-old sustained the injury during Brighton's goalless draw with Huddersfield on Tuesday night. Brighton manager Chris Hughton has said it 'is a real blow' to lose Teixerira for his side's final three games. Click here for more Brighton news.
Jason Denayer is wanted back by Manchester City for pre-season assessment. Belgium international made his debut for his country last month. Celtic boss Ronny Deila confirmed Denayer will miss Champions League qualifiers. Denayer has formed a formidable partnership with Virgil van Dijk at Celtic Park.
The eBay listing, posted Friday, showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of Hernandez, 25, and identifying information, including his height, weight and birth date. Hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the June 2013 shooting death of Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancée's sister. Jurors in Hernandez's trial deliberated for nearly 20 hours over the last week considering whether to convict the former football player.
Borussia Dortmund have offered Mats Hummels a contract extension. The Germany defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Hummels sat out Dortmund's 3-2 defeat of Hoffenheim in the German Cup. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp says his side lacked punch and deserved to lose the game. Bayern captain Mats Hummels disagrees with his manager and says they deserved to win. The Bavarians are now 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga.
The 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch. A student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community, Reddit, as user Bobitis. In the images, the youth is seen kneeling on a chair in order to reach the whiteboard, with his pen held to the map.
Borussia Dortmund beat Hoffenheim 3-2 in the German Cup quarter-finals. Neven Subotic and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored for Dortmund on Tuesday. Kevin Volland and Roberto Firmino scored for the hosts in the first half. Substitute Sebastian Kehl scored the winning goal in the 107th minute. Wolfsburg advanced to the semi-finals with a 1-0 win over Freiburg.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-1 in the west London derby at Loftus Road. John Terry played the full 90 minutes despite a hostile reception from the home fans. The 34-year-old was shoved to the ground by Charlie Austin in the first half. Terry and Gary Cahill were rarely troubled by Bobby Zamora and Charlie Austin. Cesc Fabregas scored the only goal of the game in the 83rd minute.
Chelsea face QPR at Loftus Road on Sunday in Premier League. Jose Mourinho believes Roman Abramovich's reign has been positive for the club. Blues boss says Abramovich has been good for Chelsea, English football and Europe. Chelsea have won three Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, three League Cups, one Europa League and one Champions League under the Russian since 2004.
England are set to take a penalty in the 96th minute against Norway. Leah Williamson thought she had equalised after slotting the ball into bottom-right corner. But Rosella Ayane entered the box too early and referee Marija Kurtes disallowed the goal. The match will be restarted at 9:45pm at Seaview stadium in Belfast on Thursday. England will qualify for the European Championships if the penalty is scored and the match is drawn 2-2.
The storm system stretches from Texas up to the Great Lakes and down to North Carolina and has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring. Strong storms rumbled through the Southern Plains early on Thursday, missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit Chicago, Detroit and other big cities in the Midwest later in the day. Hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees, as wild weather hit 12 states. Tornadoes were reported on Wednesday and early Thursday in Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma,
A new episode of mockumentary W1A shows bosses holding an emergency meeting after Clarkson uses the word tosser on Top Gear. The episode was apparently filmed last July, but the narration has recently been tweaked. BBC spokesman said: A very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events'
Pictures from state-controlled media show Kim Jong-Un smiling and waving, with right wrist in bandage. South Korean official says the 32-year-old must have hurt it in the recent past. Doctors who have examined photos say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist. Latest in a string of presumed health problems for the North Korean dictator.
Manchester United face Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side have beaten Tottenham, Liverpool and Manchester City in recent weeks. Gary Neville believes United can beat Chelsea with the form they're in. United are all but guaranteed Champions League football next season.
First year students at Washington University were rowing at Creve Coeur Lake in Missouri. Filmmaker Benjamin Rosenbaum captured the moment Asian Carp decided to strike. The filmmaker laughs as hundreds of fish jump from the water and hurl themselves at the boat. Asian carp are known for getting easily frightened by boats and leaping from water. They have the ability to grow to 100lbs in mass and jump as high as 10ft in the air.
The Polish woman, known as Goska, has spent some time volunteering at Criadouro Onça Pintada in Brazil. She mixed with a number of exotic animals while at the Jaguar Breeding Project. One-year-old rescued jaguar, Perseu was captured on video being bottle-fed by the Polish volunteer.
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle Under 21s on his comeback from a collapsed lung. The 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of United's 2-0 defeat to Derby County at St James' Park. De Jong has made just one Premier League start since his £6million arrival from Ajax last summer. Alefe Santos and Farrend Rawson scored for the Rams in the second half.
New York state senator Jeffrey Klein has apologized to Republican strategist Susan Del Percio. The tweet included a series of seemingly random characters followed by a Google search for images of the strategist, who has previously worked with former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. Klein said that a staffer 'accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone' The Democratic state senator said that the tweet was sent by a recently hired female staffer.
Jack Colback says Newcastle United fans deserve more than they are getting. The Magpies have lost five games in a row and have scored just once in eight hours. Colback was one of the only players to put in a shift against Liverpool on Monday. John Carver's side face Tottenham at St James' Park on Sunday in a pre-season friendly.
Graeme McDowell carded a final round of 73 on Sunday to finish six over par. The Northern Irishman is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year's first major championship. McDowell said: 'It would be sacrilege not to play here no matter how much it frustrates you'
Rory McIlroy and Niall Horan caddied for each other at the Masters on Wednesday. Horan fell while caddying for the Northern Irish golfer in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta. The pair will reunite on stage in Boston at the Deutsche Bank Championship in September. McIlroy is set to compete at the tournament a few days after One Direction play in Gillette Stadium.
Yan Tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating You Pan. Two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone. But her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep You's pretty girlfriend by his side forever. You splashed out on meals for Yan almost every day.
Andy Lee retains his WBO middleweight title after draw with Peter Quillin. Irishman was knocked down in the first round of the contest in New York. Quillin failed to make the required 160lbs weight on Friday. Lee admits he was 'lazy' in the early stages of the fight, leading to his knockdown and standing count. Billy Joe Saunders is the mandatory challenger and looks the likeliest next opponent.
Jermain Defoe received a mixed reception at a WWE event in Newcastle. The Sunderland striker was introduced to the crowd at a wrestling event on Thursday. Defoe scored the winner for Sunderland in their Tyne/Wear derby victory on Sunday. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 at the Stadium of Light thanks to a deflected volley.
Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a reckless challenge on Lucas Leiva. Newcastle boss John Carver says the midfielder was lucky not to be sent off. Sissoko has been handed a two-match ban and will face disciplinary action. Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 in their Premier League clash at Anfield on Monday.
Barcelona defeated Almeria 4-0 in their La Liga clash on Wednesday evening. Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez scored the goals for Luis Enrique's side. Barcelona travel to Seville on Saturday looking to stretch their winning run to 11 games. READ: Barcelona vs Seville team news, probable line ups and more.
Jose Mourinho believes he is getting better in every aspect of his job. The Chelsea boss regularly finds himself in hot water with the FA regarding his comments to the media. Mourinho was fined £25,000 earlier this season after claiming there was a clear campaign against his side. He amassed a similar amount in FA fines last season after being charged for three separate incidents.
Kevin Pietersen took part in a Surrey team photo shoot at the KIA Oval. The batsman was all smiles as he joked with team-mates ahead of the new county championship season. Pietersen has rejoined Surrey in an attempt to force his way back into the Test set-up.
Pensioner drove a red Peugeot towards Southend - but on the London-bound track. Some cars forced into central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck injuries. Pair were involved in collision between Five Bells Interchange and Pitsea flyover. Woman was taken to Basildon University Hospital as a precaution.
The Ballon d'Or is voted for by national team managers and captains. Real Madrid superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the current holder of the award. Arsene Wenger said last year that he was totally against the accolade. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes the award should be scrapped. Mourinho believes football is losing the concept of the team to focus more on individuals.
Tiger Woods struggled on the opening day of the Masters at Augusta. The world No 111 struggled with his short game and struggled to find the fairway. Woods tied for 41st place after the opening round of the tournament. Former pro David Feherty said Woods needs a fairway near to Augusta.
Arsenal are close to signing Velez Sarsfield's Maxi Romero for £4.5million. Gunners chief negotiator Dick Law has flown to South America to finalise deal. Argentine wonderkid has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. Deal has been held up by red-tape over make-up of Romero's ownership rights.
Rory McIlroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71. The world No 1 is four shots off the clubhouse lead of Justin Rose and Charley Hoffman. McIlroy has recorded a score of 77 or worse on five occasions at Augusta National.
Jose Mourinho says Sir Alex Ferguson showed him 'two faces' in 2004. One was the steely rival and the other was a sporting loser. Fergie's Manchester United were stunned by Mourinho's Porto in the Champions League. Mourinho sprinted down the touchline in celebration at Porto's last-gasp goal. Chelsea boss says he has no close friends in English football.
The Masters got underway on Thursday with Rory McIlroy bidding to complete a career grand slam. Tiger Woods' girlfriend Lindsey Vonn joined him during the par three contest at Augusta on Wednesday. Rickie Fowler has been dating bikini model Alexis Randock since last year and the 24-year-old caddied for him during The Masters. Dustin Johnson is engaged to model and pop singer Paulina Gretzky.
Liverpool players took in the opening day of the Grand National Meeting at Aintree. Brad Jones, Glen Johnson and Fabio Borini were joined by their other halves. Borini's wife Erin O'Neill declared her 'Hubby (is) looking dapper' in an Instagram post. Johnson's wife Laura was celebrating her birthday from the day before. Liverpool beat Blackburn 2-1 in the FA Cup third round replay on Wednesday night.
Michael Vaughan is in pole position to become new director of cricket. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the role. Paul Downton was sacked as managing director of England cricket on Wednesday. Vaughan has already held talks with new ECB chief executive Tom Harrison.
Reanne Evans beat Ken Doherty 10-8 at Ponds Forge in Sheffield on Thursday. The 29-year-old was hoping to become the first female player to qualify for the Crucible. Doherty won the first frame 71-15 but Evans fought back to level the match. He has two more qualifying rounds before he makes the tournament.
Arsenal beat Manchester United 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final in March. Danny Welbeck scored the winner to knock his former club out of the competition. A 15-year-old boy took to Twitter after the game to post a racist tweet about Welbeck. The tweet read: 'Welbeck is dead to me, the f****** c***& Wiltshire Police arrested the boy after a fellow Twitter user complained. He has now been given a caution and warned about his behaviour.
England drew 2-2 with Norway in their European U19 Women's Championships qualifier on Saturday. Leah Williamson's penalty was disallowed for encroachment from England players. Referee Marjia Kurtes awarded a free-kick instead of ordering her back to the spot. The game was replayed on Monday night and Williamson stepped up to take the spot-kick. She scored the penalty in the 18-second rematch in Belfast. England held on in the final moments to secure a place in this summer's finals.
Manchester City face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini's team are fourth in the Premier League, nine points behind leaders Chelsea. Sergio Aguero insists City can retain the title despite defeat by Crystal Palace. Argentina international has scored six times against United in the last four derbies. Aguero has also struggled in front of goal recently, failing to score in last five league games.
Andy Murray's coach Amelie Mauresmo is expecting her first child in August. Mauresmo was appointed as Murrays coach in June 2014 following his split from Ivan Lendl. The 35-year-old broke the news on social media on Thursday night. Murray, 27, marries long-time fiancee Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday.
Kell Brook received a hero's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd at the Motorpoint Arena on Thursday. The world boxing champion is set to defend his title for a second time on May 30 against Frankie Gavin. Brook watched on as Dave Chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place in the table after 10 weeks.
Aljaz Bedene defeated Arthur De Greef 6-2, 6-3 in just 70 minutes in Casablanca. The British No 2 switched allegiance from Slovenia to Britain last month. He will now face third seed Jiri Vesely, who beat Mikhail Youzhny in straight sets.
Arsenal are trying to find a cure for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlains persistent groin problems. Arsene Wenger revealed the attacking midfielder has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the FA Cup win over Manchester United on March 9. The groin injury has been an ongoing problem for the England international for several months. Arsenal are keen to surgery and are exploring other treatment methods.
Rob Green was forced to concede three goals during QPR's 3-3 draw with Aston Villa. Christian Benteke scored a hat-trick to move three points clear of the relegation zone. The QPR No 1 is no stranger to blooper reel moments, having let Clint Dempsey's shot slip through his fingers in the 2010 World Cup. Rangers host Premier League leaders Chelsea at Loftus Park on Sunday.
Jordan Spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64. Spieth is the youngest first-round leader in Masters history with a run of six birdies in seven holes. Justin Rose and Ernie Els posted scores of 67 to tie Charley Hoffman. Rory McIlroy and Bubba Watson shot 71, while Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson opened with rounds of 70.
Jenson Button crashed into the back of Pastor Maldonado's Lotus on lap 49 of the Chinese Grand Prix. Maldonado was sent into a spin while Button sustained damage to his front wing. The incident was referred to the stewards and Button was given a five-second penalty after the race, which dropped the British driver to 14th.
Philippe Saint-Andre will remain in charge for the World Cup in England. The French rugby federation is looking for candidates to replace him. Rapahael Ibanez, Fabien Galthie and Guy Noves are among the favourites. Saint-Andre succeeded Marc Lievremont following the 2011 World Cup.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs. The German will start second on the grid behind the world champion. Sebastian Vettel is third, nearly a second adrift of Hamilton. Rosberg was visibly angry after the Mercedes pit-wall put him under unnecessary 'pressure'
Leicester Tigers face Saracens at Allianz Park on Saturday. The two sides are separated by just two points and two places with only four games left. Northampton are clear at the top of the Aviva Premiership table. Saracens, Bath, Leicester and Exeter all bunched up behind Saints in play-off positions.
Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie has signed a two-year deal with Adelaide Strikers. The 39-year-old has been an influential figure at Headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in November 2011. Gillespie played for South Australia during the entirety of his playing career.
Sean Maitland has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder. Scotland winger has been out of action since January with the problem. Maitland is leaving Glasgow Warriors to play in the Aviva Premiership next season. Glasgow face Cardiff Blues at Scotstoun in final Pro12 match of season.
Jimmy Anderson needed four wickets to become England's all-time leading wicket taker. But he could only take one early wicket on day two of the first Test in Antigua. Chris Jordan believes the Anderson family celebration party is 'just around the corner' West Indies fell to 155 for four in response to England's first-innings total of 399.
West Indies bowler Curtly Ambrose gave his bowlers a pep talk on day two. England's Chris Jordan played out an interesting duel with former Barbados team-mate Justin Holder. Shiv Chanderpaul's Test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days. Kevin Pietersen suffered an injury scare during Surrey's match against Oxford MCCU. Women's captain Charlotte Edwards received her CBE from the Queen.
Ben Stokes thought he had claimed his 23rd Test wicket. Jermaine Blackwood slashed his short delivery straight to Alastair Cook at slip. But the Durham all-rounders front foot had crossed the line. Stokes celebrated wildly when Brad Haddin was caught behind on that occasion, and the pair clashed when the decision was overturned.
Karen Sharpe, the mother of North Charleston Police Officer Michael Slager, defended her son in an interview. She also revealed that she will never watch the video footage of the fatal shooting. This as she also expressed her sympathy for Walter Scott's family, the man her son shot dead. Slager was charged with Scott's murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty.
Michael Vaughan and Geoff Boycott both criticised England's top order. Jonathan Trott and Alastair Cook were both out early on in Antigua. Vaughan said the pair were just looking to survive rather than get on top. Boycott said: 'Opening batsmen are supposed to face the new ball when it's doing a bit'
Roberto Martinez says Seamus Coleman should have been awarded a free-kick. Everton drew 1-1 with Swansea in their Premier League clash at the Liberty Stadium. Martinez felt Coleman was fouled by Marvin Emnes but Michael Oliver gave a penalty. Jonjo Shelvey made no mistake from the spot to earn his side a point.
Newcastle United announced record profits of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season. But full accounts show £38.6m was transferred into the club's bank account as a cash-flow sum. Revelation has infuriated Newcastle fans who claim owner Mike Ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from lucrative Premier League TV deals. A protest, backed by the Newcastle United Supporters' Trust, is planned for Sunday with fans urged to boycott the home match against Tottenham.
Branislav Ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan. The FA will wait for referee Andre Marriners report before deciding whether to launch an investigation into crowd control. QPR manager Chris Ramsey condemned the behaviour of the crowd. Jose Mourinho refused to be drawn into the controversy, saying Chelsea 'were lucky'
Harry Panayiotou scored three goals for Leicester City in March. The 20-year-old also netted a hat-trick in his third game for St Kitts and Nevis. Panayio is hoping to make the first team at the King Power Stadium next season. Sportsmail sat down for an exclusive Q&A with the forward after he found out about the award.
Rangers dropped two points at Championship bottom side Livingston. Stuart McCall's side have only won once in their last five away matches. Rangers face Dumbarton at the Bet Butler Stadium on Saturday night. McCall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at Dumbarton.
West Brom host Leicester City at The Hawthorns on 'Astle Day' on Saturday. The Baggies are commemorating the launch of the Jeff Astle Foundation. Astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59. He made his West Brom debut against Leicester 50 years ago. West Brom are wearing a replica of their FA Cup winning kit from 1968.
Diafra Sakho came off after 58 minutes of West Ham's 1-1 draw against Stoke. He was sent for scans on Monday amid fears he may have a minor tear. The 25-year-old striker has scored 12 goals for the Hammers this season. West Ham are ninth in the Premier League with 43 points from 16 games.
Cesc Fabregas scored an 87th minute winner for Chelsea against Queens Park Rangers. Thibaut Courtois was the stand-out performer for Jose Mourinho's side. Nedum Onuoha impressed at centre-back for QPR and kept Didier Drogba quiet throughout. Matt Phillips and Charlie Austin came close to scoring for the home side.
Stuart McCall expects Shane Ferguson to be fit and ready to aid Rangers play-off push towards the Premiership. The Northern Ireland international finally joined up with his Ibrox team-mates this week. Ferguson has not played since his countrys 2-0 European qualifier win over Greece in Athens in October.
Rangers insist fans have no cause for alarm over the club's badges and other trademarks being registered with Sports Direct. The Ibrox board last week launched a probe into claims Mike Ashley's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property, including the clubs famous crests. They are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from Sports Direct, accepted by the former regime in January.
Craig Dawson set to return for West Brom after serving one-match ban. Youssouf Mulumbu starts three-game ban after being sent off in 4-1 defeat to QPR. Matt Upson and Dean Hammond available for Leicester after missing 2-1 win over West Ham. Leicester have no further injury worries ahead of trip to the Hawthorns. West Brom have won each of their last four competitive encounters with Leicester.
Stuart McCall is confident Shane Ferguson can play a role in Rangers' play-off bid. Ferguson has been out with a knee injury since joining the club on loan from Newcastle. The 23-year-old only checked in to the club's Murray Park training base on Monday. Gers boss McCall says Ferguson is 'desperate to get involved' in the play-offs.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday. Isco and Alvaro Arbeloa were among the substitutes that trained on Wednesday. Pepe and Sami Khedira also took part in the session at the Valdebebas complex. Real return to La Liga action on Saturday when they face Malaga at the Bernabeu.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor on Saturday night. Arsene Wenger said it would be a shame for Burnley to go down from the Premier League. The Gunners boss said he was surprised by the Clarets' plight. Burnley have won only once in 11 games and are two points from safety. They face Hull City, Leicester City and Aston Villa in their final six fixtures.
Thibaut Courtois helped Chelsea to the League Cup win at QPR on Sunday. Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. Courtois won the Europa League, La Liga, Copa del Rey and Europa League at Atletico Madrid. The 22-year-old joined Chelsea in 2011 but this is his first season in the top flight.
Petr Cech has made just five Premier League appearances this season. The Chelsea goalkeeper is set to leave Stamford Bridge in the summer. Carlo Cudicini says Arsenal should target Cech if he leaves Stamford Bridge. Czech Republic international Cech would be a good fit under Arsene Wenger. Chelsea want at least £10million for Cech, and would have to sell to a direct rival.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. Neymar and Luis Suarez scored the goals that settled the tie at the Parc des Princes. Laurent Blanc's side now face elimination from the Champions League. The return leg takes place at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night.
Today marks the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster. Memorial service will be held at Anfield to remember the 96 people who lost their lives. Liverpool players have paid their respects to the victims, alongside fans and celebrities across the sporting world and beyond. Philippe Coutinho, Mario Balotelli, Steven Gerrard and Daniel Sturridge among those to mark the anniversary.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley in Sunderland's Tyne-Wear derby win. The striker was the first player to take part in the Sunderland keepy up challenge. Defoe set an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to beat before taking the second part of the challenge - keepy ups with a Creme Egg.
Wales beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier to climb to world No 22. Gareth Bale scored twice as Chris Coleman's side moved up 153 points. Belgium rose to third for the first time in the world rankings after beating Israel. England have climbed three places to 14, while Scotland are up 10 to 29th. Brazil have risen to No 5 and swapped places with the Netherlands at No 6.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for £31.5million last summer. The 19-year-old's debut season has been beset by injuries for the Red Devils. Shaw has made only 17 appearances in all competitions for United at present. Defender is relishing the prospect of facing boyhood club Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Charlie Adam scored one of the goals of his career at Chelsea on Saturday. The midfielder lobbed Thibaut Courtois from inside his own half for 1-1. Stoke ended up losing 2-1 as Loic Remy scored the winner at Stamford Bridge. Adam admitted he had mixed emotions after scoring the goal but losing the game. Mark Hughes' side have lost in their last three Premier League games.
Charlie Adam scored a 66-yard goal against Chelsea on Saturday. The Stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this Easter weekend. Adam scored a similar goal for Blackpool reserves against Accrington Stanley in 2009. He was in opposition half but was out wide before hitting an effort that drew similarities with David Beckham's famous goal against Wimbledon in 1996.
Stoke City's Charlie Adam scored a stunning goal from inside his own half against Chelsea. David Beckham and Xabi Alonso also scored from inside their own half in the Premier League. Joe Hart scored a goal from behind halfway against Aston Villa in the FA Cup. Maynor Figueroa and Moritz Stoppelkamp scored from behind the halfway line in 2009.
Stoke City midfielder Charlie Adam scored a wonder-goal against Chelsea on Saturday. David Beckham and Wayne Rooney have both scored similar goals in the Premier League. Jose Mourinho admitted that Adam's strike was of the highest quality. Chelsea beat Stoke 1-1 at Stamford Bridge to move seven points clear at top of the table.
Chelsea beat Stoke City 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard and Loic Remy scored for the Blues in a hard-fought victory. Nemanja Matic, Cesc Fabregas and Oscar have struggled for form recently. Jose Mourinho insists he will stick by his midfielders despite their poor displays.
West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Saturday 3pm) Enner Valencia available again for Hammers after toe injury but Andy Carroll and Doneil Henry remain out. James Tomkins has undergone shoulder surgery and hopes to be fit for end of season. Marc Wilson available for Stoke despite a broken hand but Jon Walters also in contention. West Ham are winless in three against Potters, losing two and drawing the other.
Lakenya Hall, 35, of Kenner, Louisiana, drove six children, including two of her own, to a fight just after 5pm Wednesday where one was shot in the upper thigh. Hall was arrested and charged with six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace. Her two sons, ages 11 and 15, were also arrested on charges of fighting. A 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a handgun.
Robin van Persie has missed Manchester United's last six games with an ankle injury. The 31-year-old has scored 10 goals in 24 Premier League games this season. United have won six of their seven matches without Van Persie with an improved win percentage of 85.70. Van Persie's stats suggest he will play second fiddle to Wayne Rooney and Radamel Falcao.
Liverpool host Newcastle United at Anfield (Monday 8pm) Mamadou Sakho will miss Liverpool's clash with Newcastle with a hamstring injury. Daniel Sturridge should be fit after complaining of muscle tightness. Emre Can will return from suspension but Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard must serve final match of their three-match bans. Daryl Janmaat should take his place in the Newcastle team despite injury scare.
Luis Suarez has revealed that he once sneaked into the Nou Camp for a photo. Uruguayan striker was visiting Barcelona with his wife Sofia at the time. Suarez also admitted that Real Madrid were'very' interested in signing him. The striker has also opened up about the infamous bite on Giorgio Chiellini. Click here for more Barcelona news.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final at Ewood Park. Mario Balotelli was not included in the Liverpool squad to face Arsenal or Blackburn. Brendan Rodgers revealed the striker withdrew himself from the squad on Saturday and fell ill on Wednesday. Balotelli responded by posting a photograph of himself on Instagram, holding a thermometer reading 38.7 Celsius  1.7C above 'normal' body temperature. BT Sport pundit Robbie Savage branded the Italian 'pathetic' for missing the game.
Mario Balotelli shared a picture of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against Blackburn on Wednesday night. Brendan Rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs about the striker. But the Liverpool manager hoped he would be maturing as he got older. Balotelli has scored just once in the Premier League for Liverpool this season. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Liverpool beat Blackburn 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal with a low strike off the post. Lucas Leiva is hoping to play his first game at Wembley in a Liverpool shirt. The Brazilian missed three trips to the national stadium in 2012 due to injury. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Derry Mathews was due to face Richar Abril on April 18 in Liverpool. Abril has withdrawn from the WBA lightweight title fight for a second time. Mathews made light work of Gyorgy Mezei Jnr with a fifth round knockout on March 6. Click here for more boxing news.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 33rd minute with a curling left-foot strike. Luis Suarez doubled the lead with a similar left-footed strike on 55 minutes to double the lead. Defender Marc Bartra added a third with a headed goal on 75 minutes before Luis Suarez scored his second with the last kick of the game. Barcelona remain seven points clear at the top of La Liga with eight matches to play.
Dani Alves is out of contract at Barcelona at the end of the season. The Brazil international has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Alves is hoping Barcelona make him an improved offer so he can stay at the Nou Camp. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Amir Khan has reiterated his intention to fight Kell Brook within the next 12 months. The unbeaten 28-year-old believes that Brook is just looking for the 'one big payday' Khan had announced a fight with Chris Algieri next month but he has now backtracked on that, claiming there are'some more options on the table' The Bolton-born boxer has now agreed a bout with Brook on May 30. Click here for more boxing news.
Newcastle United lost 1-0 to Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. John Carver admits the club need to look at the 'DNA' of their dressing-room. Newcastle are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to Liverpool on Monday.
Unai Emery has guided Sevilla to five straight victories in La Liga. The 43-year-old is one of the most animated coaches in the Spanish league. Sevilla are fifth in the table ahead of the visit of Barcelona on Saturday. Barca lead on 74 points with eight games left, with Real Madrid second on 70.
Fergal O'Brien says Alvarado is in better shape than last year's fourth. The 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season back in February. O'Brien spent 18 years working for trainer Nigel Twiston-Davies, 16 of them as Head Lad.
Rory McIlroy has won all four of his majors after rain at Augusta National. Heavy downpours drenched Augusta National on Tuesday, but rain will play into his hands. The Northern Ireland's world No 1 has a massive advantage due to his huge hitting. Tiger Woods has the skill set to succeed for a fourth time at Augusta, but he must answer big questions.
Liverpool and Newcastle players took part in a minute silence at Anfield. Flowers were laid at the Hillsborough memorial before the game on Monday. 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death at Sheffield Wednesday's home on 15 April 1989. The fixture at Anfield took place two days before the 26th anniversary of the disaster.
Porto face Bayern Munich in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. They are the only undefeated side in the competition and sit top of Group B. Julen Lopetegui says his side have nothing to prove but room for improvement. Bayern Munich beat Shakhtar Donetsk 7-0 and Porto beat Basle 4-0 in the last 16. Pep Guardiola says he is 'happy to be facing' his former Barcelona team-mate.
Cindy Crawford, Yasmin Le Bon and Christie Brinkley were household names in the 90s. Their daughters are now following in their footsteps in the fashion industry. Georgia Jagger, Amber Le Bon, Ella Richards and Patti Hansen are all models of the moment.
Marc-Andre ter Stegen is yet to make his La Liga debut for Barcelona. The 22-year-old has been reduced to Champions League appearances this season. Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday night. CLICK HERE for all the latest Barcelona news.
Rory McIlory and Niall Horan played in the traditional Par-3 Contest at Augusta. Horan slipped while carrying McIlroy's clubs around the par-three course. The One Direction singer even got an opportunity to tee off on one hole. Tiger Woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years on Wednesday. Woods was joined on the course by his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn and his children. Kevin Streelman won the contest after a three-hole play-off against Camilo Villegas.
Eden Hazard, Thibaut Courtois, Kurt Zouma and Izzy Brown celebrate Thai New Year with game of kick-ups. The quartet were joined by Chelsea mascot Stamford the Lion. Songkran festival is celebrated by Thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other. Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday.
Rangers' final game of the season has been moved back to accommodate broadcasters. The Ibrox club will play Hearts at Tynecastle on May 3, 24 hours after Falkirk and Queen of the South. Hibs and Hearts chairwoman Ann Budge have lodged formal complaints with the league. Rangers boss Stuart McCall has also backed Hibs' stance.
Rory McIlroy will spend the eve of the Masters on Wednesday with a member of the celebrated boy band of that name. Niall Horan will carry the Northern Irishman's bag in the par-three tournament. One Direction released their debut album in 2011, the same year McIlory won his first major, so you could say they have mirrored each other.
Real Madrid face Rayo Vallecano at the Estadio de Vallecas on Wednesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side face second La Liga game in four days after 9-1 demolition of Granada. Gareth Bale injured his left foot during Real Madrid's training session on Tuesday. Isco is likely to replace Bale in the starting line-up if the Welshman is unable to play.
Tiger Woods is the 111th best golfer in the world ahead of his 20th appearance at the Masters. The 39-year-old is bidding to win his fifth Masters and 15th major of his career. Woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it. Former world No 1 practised with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn and children Charlie and Sam on Monday.
Ben Flower will return for Wigan Warriors against Warrington Wolves on Thursday. Flower was sent off in the first minute of the Super League Grand Final last year. The 28-year-old was the first player to be shown a red card in a Grand Final. Wigan coach Shaun Wane says he wants Flower to be 'a bit more aggressive' Wane says Flower is in a'very good state of mind' after a long pre-season.
Corinthians striker Paolo Guerrero is one of three players to have been diagnosed. Other two are Palmeiras goalkeeper Aranha and Santos striker Leo Cittadini. Players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions. Brazil's health ministry said there have been more than 460,000 cases of the disease in the country in 2015.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Ligue 1 outfit will be without Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and David Luiz. La Liga giants will also be without Brazilian right back Dani Alves. PSG beat Olympique de Marseille 3-2 and St Etienne 4-1 in the French Cup semi-finals.
Kylie Leuluai has not played since the Super League leaders' only defeat at Warrington a month ago. The 37-year-old New Zealander has been told he needs surgery on his shoulder. Leeds coach Brian McDermott had feared the veteran prop could be out for three months.
Robin van Persie has 14 months left on his £250,000-a-week contract at Old Trafford. Dutch striker has struggled for fitness this season, but has still managed 10 Premier League goals. Juventus and Inter Milan have both been linked with a summer move for the 31-year-old. Radamel Falcao and Javier Hernandez are also expected to leave in the summer.
New I'm a Celebrity themed maze opened at Thorpe Park Resort in Chertsey, Surrey. New Bush Tucker Trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities' to climb through 'Pipe of Peril', crawly corridors and dark caves. The attraction briefing via video from presenters Ant and Dec and the famous red phone booth features. There are gold stars to be won, quizzes with slimey punishments for wrong answers and 56 mph wind to face.
Raheem Sterling and Joe Allen scored in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle. The Reds are now just four points behind Manchester City in the Premier League. Newcastle manager John Carver admits Moussa Sissoko could have been sent off. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has vowed not to give up on Champions League qualification.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Gianluigi Buffon says he has no immediate plans to retire. The 37-year-old says it would be a waste to quit when he is still playing well. Buffon has helped Juventus win three successive Serie A titles and is Italy's first-choice goalkeeper.
Andy Murray is set to marry his fiancee Kim Sears in Dunblane next Saturday. The world No 3 confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée. There are believed to be well over 100 people attending the wedding. Murray arrived back in Britain on Monday restored as No 3 in the new rankings.
Ben Flower admitted that he regrets his attack on Lance Hohaia in the Super League Grand Final every day. The Wigan Warriors forward landed a sickening blow on the St Helens player in front of 75,000 people at Old Trafford in October. Flower was handed a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league. 27-year-old said that he is mentally scarred by the incident and wants to make a positive impact when he returns.
Hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water. It is then vigorously shaken from left to right so that the shell loosens. Once the water has splashed out of the glass, simply peel lift the shell from the egg. The 28-second video was uploaded in January this year and has 16million views.
Southampton host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday. The Saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league games. Manager Ronald Koeman wants his side to rediscover their form. Sadio Mane is pushing for a recall to the starting line-up.
Cristiano Ronaldo showed off his skills during Real Madrid training on Monday. The Ballon d'Or winner pulled off back-heels and fancy flicks during the session. Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Tuesday. Carlo Ancelotti's side are seven points clear of rivals Barcelona in La Liga. Gareth Bale returned to training after missing out on Saturday's win over Eibar.
Supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against Spurs. Newcastle have lost the last five Tyne-Wear derbies. John Carver says he would walk away from Newcastle if the clubs hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment. Carver concedes that his side still need more than 35 points to be assured of safety.
Eden Hazard will make his 100th Premier League appearance for Chelsea on Sunday. The Belgian winger joined the Blues from Lille for £32million in 2012. Hazard was named PFA Young Player of the Year last season and won the Europa League. Jose Mourinho has transformed Hazard's game since taking over from Roberto Di Matteo. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Cristiano Ronaldo has scored 300 goals for Real Madrid in just six years. Portuguese forward is seven goals shy of Alfredo di Stefano's club record. Ronaldo has scored 206 with his right foot, 52 with his left, and 41 with his head. Lionel Messi is closing in on the 400 mark with Barcelona. Eusebio, Zico, Jimmy McGrory and Willy van der Kuijlen also in top 10 one-club scorers.
Alan Pardew was the first Newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to Sunderland. Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 in the Tyne-Wear derby last weekend. Pardew says Sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form Crystal Palace side. Palace beat Manchester City 2-1 on Monday night and are 11th in the table.
Mark Selby, John Higgins and Ding Junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the China Open on Wednesday. Selby, who is gearing up for the defence of his world title later this month, continued to defy a neck injury to sweep aside fellow Englishman Elliot Slessor with a break of 126 in frame four of their second-round clash. Ding, the home favourite and reigning champion in Beijing, had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against Mark Davis to set up a third-round meeting with Mark Williams. Sh
Mike Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude was a fast-finishing third at Aintree yesterday. He bought the horse for £12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner and was overcome by the 40-1 outsiders performance. After a whopping £105,500 payday he tweeted Holy s***, Im lost for words and emotions. All I can say is yes the dude!!!!! Zara, 33, a long-time fan of racing and an Olympic silver medal-winning eventer, has developed a reputation for training point-
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes wants to make Britannia Stadium pitch bigger. Potters' current 100m x 66m playing area is the joint smallest in the Premier League. Premier League wish to standardise pitch sizes at 105m x 68m for next season. Ten clubs currently meet the regulation size. Everton, Liverpool and Chelsea are three of the ten clubs who do not.
Manchester United face Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Wayne Rooney, Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao and Ander Herrera among stars in action. Robin van Persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play. Manchester City have won on their last three visits to Old Trafford - 6-1, 2-1 and 3-0.
Jose Mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career as a coach. He has won the Premier League, Serie A, La Liga and two Champions Leagues. Here, Sportsmail picks his best XI from his time as a manager. Petr Cech, John Terry, Michael Essien, Didier Drogba, Eden Hazard and Cristiano Ronaldo all feature.
Legendary commentator Richie Benaud has died aged 84 in a Sydney hospice. He passed away peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife Daphne and family. Benaud had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since November. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Benaud's family a state funeral. Former Australian spin bowler Shane Warne penned a heartfelt tribute calling him the 'Godfather of cricket'
Adi Viveash's Chelsea U19s side beat Roma 4-0 in the UEFA Youth League semi-finals. Dominic Solanke scored a brace, before Tammy Abraham scored on 83 minutes. Chelsea will now face Shakhtar Donetsk's U19 side in the final. The Blues made two changes from the side that beat Atletico Madrid in the quarter-final.
Rita, 24, has collaborated with adidas Originals. Collection features graphic dragon prints inspired by Asian and American culture. Says she's always been a sneakerhead and loves to mix and match styles. Cites Marilyn Monroe as her ultimate postergirl and says she loves Hollywood films.
Chris Smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend Sam Cooke on Twitter. The 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best centre backs in England. His United team-mate Adnan Januzaj also joined Twitter on Friday. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Lauren Hill was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma shortly after her 18th birthday and doctors told her she had less than two years to live. Instead, she played four games for Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati and raised more than $1.5 million for research into the cancer. As her condition worsened, she became an honorary coach and earlier this year, she moved to Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where she passed away on Friday morning.
Jonathan Trott is set to make his 50th Test appearance for England on Monday. The batsman was forced to quit the last Ashes tour after Mitchell Johnson's incident. Trott believes that his breakdown was the culmination of problems that were eventually successfully diagnosed as situational anxiety when he began working with sports psychologist Steve Peters.
Ross McCormack opened the scoring for Fulham after just four minutes. Jermaine Pennant equalised for Wigan with a stunning free-kick in the 22nd minute. Matt Smith restored Fulham's lead in the 35th minute with a fine finish. Jason Pearce pulled one back for the visitors in the 69th minute to level the scores.
Arsenal travel to Burnley looking for eighth straight Premier League win on Saturday. Arsene Wenger's side are seven points clear of Chelsea at the top of the table. The Gunners have won 15 of their last 17 matches in all competitions. Mikel Arteta, Jack Wilshere, Abou Diaby and Mathieu Debuchy have all stepped up their recoveries from injury.
Philadelphia Office of Transportation has launched a campaign to stop pedestrians from being hit by cars while on their phones. A video from the office features characters in bubble wrap talking to residents about the dangers of not paying attention to their surroundings. The campaign is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who are most likely to be hit by drivers. Some have criticized the campaign for focusing too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit. Backlash follows similarly controversial campaign in Montgomery County, Maryland.
Vincent Kompany is an injury doubt for Manchester City's clash with Manchester United on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini revealed that the Belgium centre-half will be assessed on Saturday. City have lost three of their last five Premier League matches and are fourth in the table. Stevan Jovetic and Wilfried Bony are already out of the derby through injury. Manchester City have won 18 points from 36 since the turn of the year.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February. The 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave Loftus Road. Redknapp described the club as 'like a bit of a soap opera' after leaving. Former West Ham boss believes he would have kept QPR up if he had been manager.
Queens Park Rangers host Chelsea at Loftus Road on Sunday. John Terry was banned for four games and fined £220,000 for racist comments directed at Anton Ferdinand in October 2011. Terry will line up against Chris Ramsey's side for the first time since the incident. Ramsey, the Premier Leagues only black manager, thinks the issue has been dealt with. Rio Ferdinand, brother of Anton, will not be fit for the match against Chelsea.
Gareth Bale will be rested for Real Madrid's clash with Eibar on Saturday. Carlo Ancelotti will give young players Asier Illarramendi and Jese a chance to play. Cristiano Ronaldo will play after being given a one-match suspension. Real are four points behind leaders Barcelona in La Liga and can't afford to slip up.
Arsenal face Burnley at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday evening. Olivier Giroud selected Coldplay's 'Every Teardrop Is A Waterfall' Santi Cazorla opted for Melendi's slow track 'Loungin' David Ospina selected a rap song from his home country - J Balvin's 'Tranquila' Nacho Monreal opted for David Guetta's 'Dangerous'
Chelsea captain John Terry has named his PFA Team of the Year on Instagram. Philippe Coutinho, Harry Kane and Sergio Aguero make up the Blues' attack. Ryan Bertrand, Juan Mata and David de Gea complete Terry's defence. West Brom's Youssouf Mulumbu mistakenly named Eden Hazard and Harry Kane as best players.
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in Chelsea's 2-1 win over Stoke on Saturday. Jose Mourinho hopes the striker will be fit for the final four games of the season. The 26-year-old limped off after just 11 minutes against the Potters at Stamford Bridge. Costa had hoped to return in time for Chelsea's clash with Arsenal on April 26.
Chelsea have been top of the Premier League for 230 days as of Friday April 10. Jose Mourinho's side have led the way since beating Everton 6-3 at Goodison Park on August 30. Manchester United held the record of 262 days at the top during the 1993/94 season. Chelsea came close under Mourinho in 2005/06 when they topped the table for 257 days. Arsenal's Invincibles of 2003/04 led the league for 216 days as they went unbeaten.
Niki Lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver Nico Rosberg ahead of the race in Shanghai. The three-time world champion is colourful, candid and carefree. Rosberg ended that session, as he did the first, behind Lewis Hamilton. Hamilton markedly outperformed the German in the first two races, in Australia and Malaysia.
Gary Neville believes Manchester City would struggle to attract top players. The former Manchester United defender believes Chelsea and Arsenal would be better options. Manchester City have been reined in by Financial Fair Play regulations. Manuel Pellegrini's side travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United on Sunday.
Ilkay Gundogan expects to complete a £15million move to Manchester United. Mats Hummels has also indicated he is ready to become a United player. Both players have been on Louis van Gaal's radar for some time. Gundogan has refused to renew his £100,000-a-week contract at Borussia Dortmund. Hummels will ask for around £36m and United are confident of agreeing a fee.
The Masters is one of the few sporting events which offers reasonable food prices. A Bar-B-Que or Classic Chicken sandwich costs $3 - about £2.05 - at Augusta. Lee Westwood's shot of the day at the par-five second cost him five bogeys in his next nine holes. Tiger Woods has his name inscribed on his putter and will hope it brings luck going into the weekend.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. The Belgian is a leading contender to win the PFA and FWA Player of the Year awards. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says 'it shouldn't even be a debate' who should win. Mourinho will risk Cesc Fabregas and Nemanja Matic for matches against rivals. Diego Costa is set to miss four weeks after aggravating a hamstring injury.
Byron Meth opened with a 74 on his Masters debut on Thursday. The stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading. Half had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher, with the 11th yielding just three birdies all day. Jack Nicklaus ice cream is now available for dessert at Augusta.
Justin Rose bogeyed three of the first four holes at Augusta. The 2013 US Open champion ended the day on seven under. Rose is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader Jordan Spieth. Ian Poulter could borrow Roses pencil after a disappointing day in which his putter couldn't get going.
Kevin Pietersen made 170 off 149 balls for Surrey against Oxford MCCU on Sunday. The 34-year-old has not played red ball cricket for the last 14 months. Alec Stewart and Nasser Hussain have both had their say on Pietersen's chances. Stewart believes that Pietersen could make it difficult for the England selectors. Hussain believes that the ECB must make a'very public decision' on his future.
Arsenal opted against an extended pre-season trip to Singapore. Tottenham and Chelsea are among several Premier League sides to travel overseas. Louis van Gaal has successfully lobbied for Manchester United's US tour to be cut short. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has slammed post season tours as a 'nightmare'
Michael Jacobs opened the scoring for Blackpool in the ninth minute. Substitute Eidur Gudjohnsen saved Bolton's blushes with the last kick of the game. Blackpool remain 16 points from safety and have not won away in 343 days. Bolton's Emile Heskey and Neil Danns combined to deny Blackpool.
Oxford women made history on Saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years. For the first time in 88 years the womens race was staged on the famous Tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men. Hot favourites Oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against Cambridge.
Sports columnist IAN WOOLDRIDGE paid tribute to Richie Benaud in 2005 after coverage of live international cricket in England switched from terrestrial to satellite TV. Benaud led his country in 28 of his 63 Tests and never lost a series. A recent poll by The Wisden Cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes and 10,128 nominated Benaud as the best commentator.
Alec Stewart is in the frame to replace the axed Paul Downton as England cricket director. Andrew Strauss and Michael Vaughan have also been linked to the job. Stewart insists he has had no contact with the ECB over the role. The Surrey director of cricket insists his focus is on his role at The Oval.
Eden Hazard and Santi Cazorla are both set to make their 100th Premier League appearance this weekend. Both players have been hugely influential since they moved to London in 2012. Here, Sportsmail's reporters pick the player they most enjoy seeing in action.
Nico Rosberg missed out on pole to Lewis Hamilton by just 0.042secs in Shanghai. The German was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping Hamilton before the chequered flag fell. Rosberg has now been out-qualified by Hamilton at each of the three races this season. Sebastian Vettel will start third on the grid with Mercedes team-mate Hamilton fourth.
Police in Troy, Alabama, found the clip on a cell phone during an unrelated investigation into a shooting in Troy. Hundreds of people are seen watching without intervening during the alleged attack on Panama City Beach, authorities claim. Troy University students Delone' Martistee, 22, and Ryan Austin Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from college while they are detained for questioning.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsenal in the sixth minute at Turf Moor. Mesut Ozil and Olivier Giroud struggled to make an impact for the Gunners. Kieran Trippier forced David Ospina into a good save with a curling free-kick. Francis Coquelin did another fine job as Arsenal's anchor man in midfield. Per Mertesacker and Laurent Koscielny had physical battles with Ashley Barnes.
Sportsmail has teamed up with Golfbidder to offer one lucky reader the chance to win a bundle of Callaway golf clubs and accessories worth more than £1,300. Golfbidder.co.uk has thrown in a dozen Callaway Chrome Soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package. Click here to be in with a CHANCE OF WINNING this special prize.
Arsenal have won seven straight games in all competitions this season. The Gunners take on Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday in the late kick-off. Victory will ensure Arsene Wenger's side claim longest winning streak in Premier League. Manchester United's winning streak of 12 games helped them win the title in 1999-00. Chelsea's 11-match winning streak stands at 11 games between April and September 2009. Arsenal hold the record for the most consecutive wins - 14 between February and August 2002.
Peter Crouch gave his verdict on Charlie Adam's robot celebration on Sky's Soccer AM. Adam re-enacted Crouch's famous robot celebration after scoring against Chelsea. Crouch was less than impressed with Adam's efforts to imitate his celebration. The former England striker said Adam needs to 'needs to be a bit looser' with his dance.
Watford drew 2-2 with Derby in their Championship clash on Friday. Matej Vydra opened the scoring for the Hornets before Tom Ince equalised. Darren Bent scored from the penalty spot to level the scores at 1-1. Odion Ighalo gave the Hornets the lead in the 75th minute. Steve McClaren's side are now six points off the top two places.
Patrick Bamford scored his 17th goal of the season to put Middlesbrough back to the top of the Championship. The on-loan Chelsea striker has now scored four goals in his last four games. Malky Mackay's Wigan remain in the relegation zone after a third defeat in five games.
Tom Cairney, Jordan Rhodes and Jay Spearing scored for Blackburn. Rudi Austin was sent off in the first half for Leeds United. Blackburn will face Liverpool in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Wednesday. Neil Redfearn's side extended their unbeaten away run to six matches.
Wolves beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 at the City Ground on Good Friday night. Kenny Jackett has told his side they must maintain their focus to maintain promotion push. The Wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the Championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places. Wolves face Leeds United at Molineux on Monday night.
Brandon Wyne, 17, and his friend Courtney Griffith, 18, were pulled over for a broken tail light. Police claimed to smell marijuana and ordered them out of the car. Wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touched him until his mother arrived. His resistance prompted an argument, filmed on Griffith's cell phone, which culminated in the officer spraying Wyne with pepper spray and stunning him with a Taser gun twice. Virginia Beach Police Chief Jim Cervera said he will be investigating whether the officer tampered with evidence.
NYPD has released images of a heart tattoo with the name 'Monique' found on an unnamed woman who died in Brooklyn last month. The unnamed woman, believed to be 25 to 45 years old, was discovered lying unconscious March 22 in the area near Shore Parkway and 26th Avenue in the Gravesend section of Brooklyn. Paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening.
Nike will see their agreement with Manchester United expire on July 31. Staff at the club's Megastore, including mascot Fred the Red, are worried about their futures. Some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed. Nike say they are in constant communication with the club and have entered into a consultation process with the staff.
Charles Manuel, of Lamoni, Iowa, surrendered his license to practice last month. He admitted to swapping services for sex and performing exorcisms on some patients. Manuel also recommended that patients stop taking medication he prescribed to them. The disgraced chiropractor received a perfect five out of five stars in patient satisfaction on HealthGrades.com.
Robin Thomas, of Jonesboro, Arkansas, posted a 'girlfriend wanted' advertisement on his truck after failing to find love online. The father-of-three has three kids, aged six to 11, who he said that his kids think the sign is 'cute' Thomas has joint-custody of one of his sons, so he's looking for a woman who lives close to him.
Flamur Ukshini, 23, from Pristina has almost 40,000 followers on Instagram. Every picture that Flamur posts is immediately fawned over by legions of Directioners. Apart from his good looks, Flamur is an average 20-something man. But thanks to his physical similarity to Zayn, he is often stopped in the street and asked for photos.
Clint Chadbourne, 71, was headed back to Portland from Massachusetts. He was with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop. When Clint tried to get out the car, he couldn't do it because his gut was stuck. In the video, he said in a thick Maine accent: 'You look at me. I am stuck in this cah. 'I'm getting hydrophobic'
Jurgen Klopp announced on Wednesday that he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' surrounding Klopp's departure as 'ridiculous' The Arsenal boss has two years left on his contract signed last summer. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Sherlock star was challenged to a game by Chinese ping pong legend Deng Yaping. He was hosting the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai yesterday. Despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance, Deng won the match. Cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in China because of the popularity of the Sherlock TV series.
New York City FC drew 1-1 with Philadelphia Union on Thursday night. Mehdi Ballouchy opened the scoring before CJ Sapong equalised late on. David Villa was forced off at half time with a hamstring injury. City have won just once in their first five matches of the MLS season.
Mateo Musacchio suffered a broken ankle during Villarreal's 1-1 draw with Getafe. The defender was carried off on a stretcher with 13 minutes to play on Sunday. Villarreal are sixth in La Liga after failing to win in seven games in all competitions. Ikechukwu Uche scored their first goal in five league games with a 52nd minute penalty. Diego Castro equalised for Getafe with a header after 64 minutes.
NAC Breda manager Robert Maaskant let his fists do the talking against FC Dordrecht. The 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout after his side give up a two-goal lead. NAC are rooted to the bottom of the Eredivisie after losing 2-1 to the Dutch minnows.
Charles and Camilla visited Ballindalloch Distillery in Aberdeenshire. They were invited to fit bungs to the casks on a tour of the site. But they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt. The owners plan to allow it to mature before bottling it.
An unidentified man was caught on the NBC sports channel wandering across the green at the Ko Olina resort in Oahu and plunging into a pond. Announcers couldn't help but chuckle at the course-crasher's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind and proceeded to lose his beer at the same time. The drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away.
AC Milan host Inter Milan in the Serie A derby on Sunday. The two sides met in the 2005 Champions League quarter-final second leg at the San Siro. Flares were thrown on to the pitch and forced the match to be abandoned. Both sides are struggling to qualify for the Champions League this season. Milan are 15 points off the pace in the competition and Inter are a point further behind.
Diego Maradona scored the winner during a charity match in Bogota on Friday. The World Cup winner saw red with a steward trying to stop him applauding fans. Maradona also lashed out at a cameraman as he was surrounded by media. He was in Colombia to support the peace process in the country.
Arsene Wenger says something must be done to solve fixture scheduling mess. Arsenal will take on Reading in FA Cup semi-final as Chelsea take on Manchester United. Wenger brands rumours that he will be replaced by Jurgen Klopp as 'ridiculous' Borussia Dortmund manager Klopp has announced he will leave club in the summer. Jack Wilshere will be fit to face Championship side Reading at Wembley. Second-choice keeper Wojciech Szczesny will start for Arsenal in the tie.
Callum Wilson opened the scoring for Bournemouth in the fourth minute. The striker scored from close range after Andrew Surman's shot from the edge of the area struck Adam Federici's far post. Bournemouth remain top of the Championship after a hard-fought win at the Madejski Stadium. Eddie Howe's side will now have a crack at promotion via the play-offs.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will miss matches against Nice, Lille, Metz, Nantes and Lille. Ibrahimovic will also miss Champions League tie against Barcelona. The 33-year-old has scored 102 goals for Paris Saint-Germain since joining in 2012. Swede was sent off against Chelsea last month for a late challenge on Oscar.
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-0 at the Parc des Princes. The Uruguayan has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games in the Champions League. Suarez's relationship with Lionel Messi both on and off the pitch has blossomed. Barcelona's front three are on 91 goals for the season and look set to eclipse the club's greatest front three of Messi, Neymar and Messi.
Wayne Rooney was handed the captain's armband by Louis van Gaal last summer. The Manchester United skipper has played under a number of captains during his career. Rooney has revealed he is developing his own style of captaincy at Old Trafford. He says he has to be his own person and do what he feels is best for the team. Manchester United beat Manchester City 3-0 in the Premier League on Sunday.
Unnamed worker spotted on roof of semi-detached home in Greenwich, south east London. Local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment. Building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a much longer ladder with a harness.
Liverpool beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final on Wednesday. The Reds will face Aston Villa in the semi-final of the competition next Sunday. Steven Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season. Simon Mignolet insists his side are not thinking about trying to give him a dream send-off.
Boca Juniors secured a 2-0 victory over Chilean side Palestino. Leandro Marin and Jonatan Calleri scored in injury time to secure the win. Boca will now face arch rivals River Plate in the Copa Libertadores last 16. River Plate beat San Jose 3-0 to keep alive their cup dream. Internacional thumped Universidad de Chile 4-0 and are top of Group Four with one round to play.
Binky, 24, has opened up her closet to give wannabe Sloane Rangers a helping hand. The Made In Chelsea star says faux fur adds instant glamour to your outfit. Says she loves statement jewellery as it adds a glamorous twist to a simple top.
Denis Suarez scored a late winner for Sevilla as they came from behind to take control of the Europa League quarter-final tie against Zenit St Petersburg. Aleksandr Ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half, scoring off his own rebound. Fiorentina rescued a 1-1 draw away to Dynamo Kiev, with Khouma Babacar's stoppage-time leveler saving the Italian team from a third straight defeat. Club Brugge and Dnipro ended in a goalless stalemate.
Robert Durst, 71, has sent a letter to a reporter for the Los Angeles Times. Molly Hennessey-Fiske received the letter, which was addressed 'Hiya Holly' from a man purporting to be Robert Durst at a Louisiana state prison. The letter does not discuss his impending extradition to California, but touches on various topics of conversation related to Los Angeles. In sloppy handwritten text with grammar mistakes, Durst spoke about places he lived in the city 'part-time' from 2008 to 2011. He said he 'hated LA traffic, which makes Houston
Siem de Jong played 45 minutes for Newcastle's Under-21s on Wednesday. Midfielder has been out for eight months with a collapsed lung. Newcastle face Tottenham at St James' Park on Sunday in the Premier League. John Carver's side have lost their last five matches in all competitions.
Piers Morgan says Arsenal should sack Arsene Wenger and sign Jurgen Klopp. The Borussia Dortmund boss has announced his intention to leave in the summer. Morgan has long been an outspoken critic of Wenger, and believes Klopp would be a better choice. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
A quokka was the innocent victim of a cruel act by two French tourists who tried to set the Australian animal alight. The two men allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter on Rottnest Island off Perth in Western Australia on April 3. They have each been charged with animal cruelty and will appear in Fremantle Magistrates Court on April 17.
A survey has shown Australia to be most expensive country in the world for the fourth year in a row. The United States remains the world's cheapest developed country. A luxurious Sydney hotel room will set you back $1126 per night with New York being much more reasonable at $485. Our public transport, petrol, cigarettes and taxi services also weigh in as more costly than America.
Baggage handlers at Miami International Airport have been caught on camera stealing from passenger luggage. This as it is revealed that airline customers have reported $2.5million in lost property from 2010 to 2014. 31 employees have been arrested for theft in Miami since 2012, including six this year. Since 2002, the TSA has fired 513 workers for theft.
Parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations. The club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players. Parma beat Juventus 1-0 at the weekend but are rooted to the bottom of Serie A. They have 12 points from 30 games and have been penalised three times already.
Paul Gascoigne's daughter Bianca was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London. The 28-year-old was walking in Marylebone when she was targeted by the gang of eight. They grabbed her phone which reportedly contained private texts from her step-father. Bianca took to Twitter after the attack, branding her muggers 'lowlifes on bikes' The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
Sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air before appearing to land on her head. The driver can be heard beeping his horn at the girl who is standing middle of the road before hitting into her with a horrifying thud. Amazingly, the 15-year-old girl suffered minor injuries and has already been released from Shellharbour Hospital.
Carmem Dierks was running the dodgy practice in west Orange County, Florida. She is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab. During a raid on her practice, authorities discovered hundreds of patient files, two dentist chairs, an X-ray machine and dental molds. The Metropolitan Bureau of Investigation said it has been investigating the practice for more than a year.
Ronnie Tran and his mother were kidnapped from their home in Des Moines, Washington. Mother, 40, stunned with Taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven to house in Fife. Ronnie was found safe and well in Renton yesterday and reunited with his parents. Police have arrested one woman, Alyssa M Chang, but say boy's paternal grandmother is still at large.
Shannen Hussein lives on a 30-acre farm in Rockbank, 34 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. The 21-year-old cares for dogs, cats, sheep, birds, lizards, snakes, scorpions, camels and many more creatures. Her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals' unique behaviours. Ms Hussein's lamb Winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German has been in charge of the Bundesliga club for seven successful years. Klopp has been linked with Liverpool and Arsenal in the past. Manchester City have no plans to make a move for the 47-year-old coach. Dortmund are currently bottom of the league and are out of the Champions League.
The Duchess of Cambridges younger sister was seen going for an early evening run. Wore blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap. New Balance will contribute 5% of the retail price of sales from these 'Lace Up for the Cure' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness.
Aaron Lennon opened the scoring for Everton in the 41st minute after Seamus Coleman handled the ball in the penalty area. Jonjo Shelvey made no mistake from the spot to rescue a point for the home side in the 69th minute at the Liberty Stadium. Lennon has now scored in his last three games for Roberto Martinez's side in all competitions. Swansea boss Garry Monk felt Arouna Kone should have had a goal disallowed for a foul on Leighton Baines.
Gerard Pique is set to play his 300th game for Barcelona against PSG. The 28-year-old joined Barca in 2008 from Manchester United. Mundo Deportivo have dedicated their front page to the Spaniard. Pique is poised to star in Barca's Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Everton could finish in the bottom half of the Premier League for the first time since 2006. Tim Howard is adamant the Europa League is not to blame for Everton's poor season. The Merseyside outfit played 10 games in Europe this season before being knocked out by Dynamo Kiev. Everton drew 1-1 with Swansea City at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Aaron Lennon's first-half strike was cancelled out by a Jonjo Shelvey penalty.
Ashley Young scored Manchester United's equaliser against Manchester City. The 29-year-old also set up Marouane Fellaini and Chris Smalling for United's other goals. Young was delighted that he and his team-mates were able to silence their 'noisy neighbours' Louis van Gaal's side came from behind to win 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Sergey Bubka is Sebastian Coe's rival for IAAF president. Ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow IAAF vice-president Coe for the top job. The sport has been rocked by allegations that doping and cover-ups are rife in Russian athletics. Bubka launched his manifesto, entitled 'Taking Athletics to New Heights' in an internet broadcast.
Dani Alves is yet to sign a pre-contract agreement with another club. The Brazilian defender is out of contract at Barcelona this summer. Manchester United and PSG are reportedly interested in signing the 31-year-old. Alves insists he is happy at Barcelona and will decide at the end of the season.
Barcelona will make a £50m bid for Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba, according to Spanish paper SPORT. Chelsea are Barca's only realistic transfer rivals for the Frenchman, they say. Lionel Messi has recovered from a foot injury to start for Barca against Celta Vigo. Real Madrid can win the La Liga title if they win their final 10 games, says Marca. Benfica boss Jorge Jesus says Nicolas Gaitan is a star of different characteristics to his other players, with no equal.
Aljaz Bedene lost in the last eight of the Grand Prix Hassan II in Casablanca. The British No 2 switched allegiance from Slovenia to Great Britain last month. Jiri Vesely will play Daniel Gimeno-Traver in the semi-finals of the tournament.
Jordan Spieth led from start to finish for the first time in 39 years at Augusta. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner of all time and first start-to-finish winner of the tournament. Spieth held his nerve in Sunday's final round to keep control of the season's first major. He said: 'This is as great as it gets in our sport, this is a dream come true for me'
Jordan Spieth won his first Masters title with a final round of 18 under par. The 21-year-old is the second youngest Masters winner after Tiger Woods in 1997. Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson finished joint-second with Spieth on 14 under. Rory McIIroy shot a final-round 66 but could only manage a fourth-place finish.
Video maker returns home to find a front room in his Texas home infested with birds. He captures them on camera as they fly around the room and bounce off the walls. Despite the infestation, the family remain very calm throughout the video. According to the video maker, the birds came in through the chimney.
Andy Murray and Kim Sears will marry in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open. They got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing engagement last year. Murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to Barcelona after his nuptials to take a look at Jonas Bjorkman.
Dog named Foxxy Cleopatra and the reptile called Ryuu can be seen chasing after one another around a coffee table. According to the video maker, who is believed to live in Canada, the pair completely love one another. The filmmaker said that the Chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him. She also stated that the love is entirely loyal as their other pet hardly gets a look in.
Andy Murray is set to marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The British No 1 has been planning to work with Jonas Bjorkman as an assistant coach. Amelie Mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby with the Scot. Mauresmo will be around eight months' pregnant during Wimbledon this summer. Bjorkman could have a key part to play as Murray attempts to reclaim his Wimbledon title.
Tom Youngs sin-binned for a barge on Chris Ashton in the 37th minute. Youngs was nowhere near getting the ball, which made his action even more senseless. Saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back. Billy Vunipola scored after Youngs' exit and Marcelo Bosch scored after the break.
SkyBet were offering 9/4 on Jimmy Anderson to take four wickets in the first innings on Wednesday morning. Sir Ian Botham tweeted: Ill have a go at that price!!! Anderson's wife Daniella and daughter watched the action from the stands. Ben Stokes frustrated twice when he thought he had dismissed Jermaine Blackwood. Moeen Ali has been added to the England squad for the remaining Tests.
Spencer Gerlach, 20, told police that he and his ex-wife Keltsie. Gerlach were having a dispute on Wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder. The couple's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room. Keltsie lived in her Utah apartment alone with her daughter and was taken by the Division of Child and Family Services.
Harlequins beat Gloucester 26-18 in the Aviva Premiership on Saturday. Marland Yarde scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at The Stoop. Director of rugby Conor O'Shea believes Yarde will be recalled to the England fold. Charlie Walker, Ollie Lindsay-Hague, Dan Robson and Harry Sloan scored tries for Quins. Gloucester scored tries through Ross Moriarty and Charlie Sharples.
England captain Alastair Cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first Test in Antigua. Captain Cook was out for 13 after edging a Jerome Taylor delivery into the slips. Jonathan Trott was also out cheaply as the first three wickets fell for not many runs. England finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day. James Tredwell earlier took four wickets as West Indies were bowled out for 295.
Robbie Savage posted a photo on Twitter showing the progress he has made. The Match of the Day pundit is trying to shed the pounds he put on during his football career. Savage took part in BBC's Strictly Come Dancing with Ola Jordan. Sportsmail's Laura Williamson described him as'marmite'
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott both out cheaply on day three of first Test in Antigua. West Indies bowled out for 295 in their first innings with James Tredwell taking four wickets. Jermaine Blackwood scored his first Test century in his sixth Test match. Stuart Broad claimed two wickets to leave West Indies on 227 for six at stumps. England lead by 104 going into the second innings after winning the first Test by 104 runs.
San Antonio Spurs beat Phoenix Suns 107-91 in their last match. The Spurs are preparing to defend their NBA title with a run of 11 straight wins. Matt Bonner, Kawhi Leonard, Patty Mills and Aron Baynes joined forces to form band Spuran Spuran. Spurs official mascot The Coyote also makes a cameo appearance in the video.
C.J. Miles scored 25 points as the Pacers beat the Wizards 99-95 in overtime. George Hill added 24 points as Indiana kept their playoff hopes alive. Chris Paul scored 22 points as Los Angeles Clippers beat Phoenix Suns 112-101. Boston Celtics beat Toronto Raptors 95-93 to secure seventh seed in Eastern Conference.
Southampton have lost three of their last six games in all competitions. Ronald Koeman's side have slipped out of the Champions League places. Koeman believes opponents are giving them more respect now than at the start of the season. Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's Stadium on Saturday afternoon.
Golden State Warriors' Steph Curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts. The 27-year-old hit 94 out of his 100 attempts during a practice session. Curry has led the Warriors to the top of the Western Conference standings. Golden State host the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday night at the ORACLE Arena.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor in the Premier League on Saturday. Aaron Ramsey scored the only goal of the game in the 12th minute. It was Arsenal's eighth win in a row and kept up the pressure on Chelsea. Arsene Wenger's side face the Blues in their next home game at the Emirates. Olivier Giroud wants Arsenal to continue their Premier League winning streak.
Aaron Finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for Mumbai Indians. Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma said Finch's injury 'looked bad' Finch tweeted: 'Looks like I'll be out of the rest of @IPL at this stage! The scan showed a bit of damage, absolutely shattered!'
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in six matches for Aston Villa. Villa are six points clear of Queens Park Rangers in 18th in the Premier League. Tim Sherwood's side face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Benteke says the match against Brendan Rodgers' side is the biggest of his career. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 at Loftus Road in the west London derby on Sunday. Branislav Ivanovic was struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from the crowd. QPR are reviewing CCTV footage and have promised to ban those involved. The club have also appealed to witnesses to come forward.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner to give Leicester City a 3-2 win against West Bromwich Albion at The Hawthorns. Darren Fletcher opened the scoring for the Baggies after just eight minutes with a glancing header from Chris Brunt's corner. David Nugent equalised for Nigel Pearson's side before Craig Gardner put West Brom back in front. Robert Huth put Leicester back on level terms before Vardy's late winner. Leicester are now just three points behind 17th-placed Hull City with seven games remaining.
Leicester City beat West Bromwich Albion 3-2 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. The Foxes are now just three points behind Hull City in 17th place in the table. Nigel Pearson's side have a game in hand over their relegation rivals and play five of their final seven fixtures at home. 'We want to keep (our fate) in our own hands for as long as possible,' says Pearson.
Jamie Vardy scored an injury-time winner against West Bromwich Albion. Vardy struck past Baggies goalkeeper Boaz Myhill in the closing stages of the game. Leicester City are currently bottom of the Premier League table. Nigel Pearson's side have just seven points from their last seven games.
The title race appears to be over, but what about the fight to stay in the Premier League? No one is dead and buried and even Sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone. There will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six. Have Hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in? Are Leicester too far back? Burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise? Have QPR improved enough away from home to take any confidence to Leicester on the final day?
Chelsea beat QPR 1-0 in the west London derby at Loftus Road on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas scored the winner in the 88th minute to give Jose Mourinho's side all three points. Chris Ramsey was visibly distraught as he watched his side fall to defeat. The QPR boss turned away from the pitch to collect his thoughts on the touchline.
Dick Advocaat has signed a nine-game deal with Sunderland. The 67-year-old has refused to rule out staying beyond the end of the season. Jermain Defoe scored the only goal in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. Sunderland travel to Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Saturday.
West Ham striker Carlton Cole's contract expires at the end of the season. The 31-year-old is unsure if he will be offered a new deal at Upton Park. Cole has not spoken to manager Sam Allardyce about a new contract. Allardyce's future is also uncertain and it is looking increasingly likely he'll leave. CLICK HERE for all the latest West Ham United news.
Tottenham will play in the 2015 AT&T MLS All Stars game on July 29. The fixture will take place at Dick's Sporting Goods Park, the home of the Colorado Rapids. Tottenham return to the US after a three-match tour last summer. Mauricio Pochettino is looking forward to returning after the club's tour last year.
Cheikhou Kouyate wary of Manchester City after 4-2 defeat at Old Trafford. West Ham midfielder expects Manuel Pellegrini's side to produce a response. Sam Allardyce's side are short of options in attack with Enner Valencia and Diafra Sakho injured.
Lionel Messi has played at Celtic Park three times in Europe during his career. The Barcelona forward wants Celtic to play in the Champions League next season. Celtic failed to qualify for Europe's elite club competition after losing 2-1 on aggregate to Slovenian outfit Maribor in the play-off round in August. Messi has described Celtic Park as the 'best atmosphere in Europe'
Aaron Cresswell gave West Ham the lead after seven minutes with a curling free kick. Marko Arnautovic equalised in the 95th minute to earn a point for Stoke City at Upton Park. Sam Allardyce's side had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months. The Hammers boss admitted that his side are suffering from a psychological problem after the draw.
Greg Dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the FAs failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia. Former West Bromwich Albion striker Jeff Astle died aged 59 in 2002, from industrial disease linked to repetitive head injuries sustained playing football. The FA and PFA promised a 10-year study to investigate the connection between head injuries and dementia after a coroner found Astle's brain'resembled that of a boxer's' A Mail on Sunday investigation last year revealed the research was never carried out.
Stoke City have opened talks with Evian over a summer move for Daniel Wass. The 25-year-old Denmark international is available for around £3.5million. Wass has been watched by Chelsea, Liverpool and Newcastle over the past year. He can play at right back, left back or either wing and has an eye for goal.
Rangers' final-day clash with Hearts has been moved back to Saturday, May 2. The Scottish Professional Football League originally moved the kick-off to May 3. Sky Sports agreed to screen the match live but Hibs hit out at the decision. All other Championship fixtures will now be moved to 12.15pm to match the match in Gorgie.
Celtic face Kilmarnock on Wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear. The Parkhead side have two Friday night fixtures against Dundee and St Johnstone. Ronny Deila's side will not play another game on Saturday at 3pm this season. If Celtic win the league they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game on May 24.
Daniel Carvajal appeared to move his mouth towards Mario Mandzukic's arm in an off-the-ball scrap on Tuesday. The Real Madrid defender was asked by the Spanish media if he had bitten the Atletico Madrid striker. Pictures showed the Real player's mouth close to the forearm of the Croatian. Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Vicente Calderon.
Livingston striker Myles Hippolyte gave Livingston the lead in the 47th minute. Rangers defender Marius Zaliukas equalised two minutes later with a back-header. Stuart McCall's side leapfrogged Hibs to go second in the Championship table. The Ibrox side are now just one point behind league leaders Hearts.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Luis Suarez and Neymar scored twice each as Barcelona went 3-0 up at half-time. Gregory van der Wiel pulled one back for PSG with a deflected effort on 82 minutes. Mundo Deportivo says Barcelona are 'on their way to the semi-finals after putting on an exhibition at the Parc des Princes in Paris' French publication L'Equipe is damning of PSG's performance.
Everton host Southampton at Goodison Park (Saturday 3pm) Romelu Lukaku will be given a late fitness test on a hamstring injury. Darron Gibson is a doubt for Roberto Martinez's side but Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar could return. Steven Davis is a Southampton doubt after suffering a groin injury on international duty. Saints have failed to score in three of their last four Premier League matches against the Toffees.
Barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 Champions League matches since 1992. Neymar and Luis Suarez's goals against PSG took them past 400 Champions League goals. Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are joint-most Champions League scorers with 75. Barcelona still have a long way to go to match Real Madrid's 436 goals in the competition.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Angel Rangel is in line for his first Swansea start for over two months. Romelu Lukaku is a major doubt for the Toffees with a hamstring injury. Jefferson Montero could make the bench after a hamstring problem. Everton have won 13 of their 19 league games against Swansea.
Raheem Sterling pictured with a shisha pipe at Liverpool training on Wednesday. Sterling arrived at Melwood in a white Range Rover after fresh pictures emerged of him with the pipe. The 20-year-old is expected to meet Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers on Thursday. He will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug that has been called hippy crack
Burnley host Arsenal at Turf Moor on Saturday (5.30pm kick-off) Laurent Koscielny and Wojciech Szczesny face fitness tests for Arsenal. Jack Wilshere, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby could feature for Gunners. Matt Taylor could return for Burnley after seven-and-a-half month injury lay-off. Dean Marney and Kevin Long remain on long-term absentee list for Clarets.
Raheem Sterling will escape a club punishment after inhaling nitrous oxide. The Liverpool forward was caught on video inhaling the legal high. Sterling is expected to meet Brendan Rodgers on Thursday. He will be reminded of his professional responsibilities and warned about the consequences of taking a drug called 'hippy crack'
Sir Bradley Wiggins will attempt to break cycling's hour record in June. The four-time Olympic champion will race in front of a sell-out crowd at London's Olympic Velodrome. Australian rider Rohan Dennis set the current record of 52.491km in February. Wiggins finished his Team Sky career in the Paris-Roubaix one-day race on Sunday.
Matt Prior's ONE Pro Cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire. The event will run over three stages starting in Bridlington on May 1. Sir Bradley Wiggins will lead his own team in the race for the first time. Prior is chief executive of the team and has big ambitions for them.
George Bailey will join Sussex for the second half of their T20 Blast campaign. Australia batsman Bailey has signed a deal to take over from Sri Lanka great Mahela Jayawardene. The 32-year-old has captained his country in both limited-overs formats.
Bora-Argon 18 rider Sam Bennett was involved in a 50-rider pile-up in the final kilometre of the Scheldeprijs one day Classic. The 24-year-old was taken to hospital after the crash in Belgium on Monday. Bennett suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders but escaped without long-lasting injury. Team Sky riders Bradley Wiggins and Geraint Thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash.
Manchester United and Chelsea will take part in the International Champions Cup. Barcelona, Porto, Paris Saint-Germain, Fiorentina, New York Red Bulls, San Jose Earthquakes and LA Galaxy will also feature in the tournament. The pre-season tournament is set to be played between July 11 and August 5. Full details will be revealed at a press conference in New York on April 28.
Lionel Messi opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute. Neymar doubled the lead in the 31st minute with a beautifully struck free-kick. Sevilla hit back in the 37th minute through substitute Alfredo Banega. Marcelo Gameiro scored his first La Liga goal of the season in the 83rd minute to make it 3-2.
Alberto Bueno is the highest-scoring Spanish-national in La Liga this season. The 27-year-old has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano so far this campaign. Bueno has been linked with a move to Porto in the Champions League. He will face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday night at the Vallecas stadium.
Inter Milan sporting director Piero Ausilio is keen on Yaya Toure and Stevan Jovetic. Liverpool's Lucas Leiva and West Ham's Alex Song are also targets for Roberto Mancini. Jovetic and Toure both look set to leave Manchester City in the summer. Click here for more transfer news.
Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in the Paris-Roubaix, Team Sky's best performance of the race. The Briton is leaving the team in order to ride for his own squad, 'Wiggins', before a return to the track ahead of the Rio Olympics. Wiggins led a breakaway with 32 kilometres to go, but was unable to maintain his lead to win. German John Degenkolb won the race, becoming the first rider to take first in both the Milan San Remo and Paris Roubaix in the same year since Sean Kelly in 1986. Luke
Liverpool host Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge was left out of the squad for Monday night's game against Newcastle. The striker picked up a knock against Blackburn Rovers last week. Brendan Rodgers said Sturridge will be monitored ahead of the Wembley clash. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Dirk Kuyt is returning to Feyenoord on a one-year deal. The 34-year-old spent nine years at the Dutch Eredivisie club before leaving for Liverpool. Kuyt was named Dutch footballer of the year in 2006. He retired from international football in October after playing for the Netherlands at the World Cup.
Valencia beat Levante 3-0 at the Mestalla on Monday night. Paco Alcacer, Sofiane Feghouli and Alvaro Negredo scored. Valencia are now within a point of champions Atletico Madrid. They are fourth in La Liga on 65 points, one behind Atletico.
Barcelona threw away a two-goal lead away to Sevilla in La Liga. Real Madrid won 3-0 and are now just two points off in second. The big story in Italy was Parma beating Serie A leaders Juventus 1-0. Click here for all the latest La Liga news.
Edouard Duplan had no idea he had been substituted during Utrecht's 1-1 draw with Ajax. Referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion as the Dutch side appeared to have twelve players on the pitch at one stage during Sunday's Eredivisie clash. Tommy Oar replaced team-mate Duplan in the 24th minute of the first-half. Ramon Leeuwin was sent off in the 87th minute after putting the ball into his own net for an own goal.
Royal Mouscron-Peruwelz had a partnership with Lille but that is now set to end. The French side are now poised to link up with another Belgian club, Ostend. Mouscron are currently 13th in Belgium's Pro League, two points above the relegation places. Chelsea already have an agreement with Vitesse Arnhem in Holland.
Aaron Ramsey opened the scoring for Arsenal in the 12th minute to give Arsene Wenger's side the lead at Turf Moor. Mesut Ozil's shot was saved by Tom Heaton in the first half, but Ramsey pounced on the rebound to score his ninth goal of the season. The Gunners have now won eight games in a row in all competitions, the best run since The Invincibles team managed it in 2004. Arsenal have won at Sunderland, Newcastle, Manchester City, Liverpool, Everton, Manchester United and Manchester City in the Premier League.
Jordan Spieth leads the Masters by five shots after 36 holes after carding a 66. Spieth broke Raymond Floyd's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke. The 21-year-old is on course to break Phil Mickelson's all-time Masters scoring record. Tiger Woods won the Masters in 1997 at the same age as Spieth at Augusta.
Jordan Spieth became the youngest first-round leader in Masters history. The 21-year-old shot a 66 to set a new 36-hole record total of 14 under par. Tiger Woods shot a commendable 69, his first score in the sixties in 15 rounds in majors. Justin Rose and Paul Casey are on the same mark as Dustin Johnson.
Derry Mathews will fight Ismael Barroso for the interim WBA world title. The Liverpool ace was set to fight Cuban WBA champion Richar Abril. Abril pulled out of their April 18 date with dengue fever. Barroso has recorded 16 knockouts from 17 wins in his 19 fights.
Andy Murray will marry Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday. The couple have been together for almost 10 years after meeting at the 2005 US Open. Murray won his first Grand Slam title at the US Open in New York in September 2012. He then went on to win the Wimbledon men's singles title at SW19 in July 2013.
Josh Warrington will box in front of 10,000 fans in Leeds on Saturday. The featherweight is quickly becoming one of Britain's best-supported fighters. Sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks. Justin Bieber, Prince Naseem Hamed, Nathan Cleverly and Tom Jones among others.
Danny Garcia faces Lamont Peterson in a non-title fight in New York on Saturday. Light welterweight champion has revealed he has six toes on his right foot. Garcia says it means he is never off balance and has never been knocked down. Puerto Rican-born fighter is 29-0 with 17 KOs after knocking out Rod Salka in his last fight.
Xabi Alonso won the Champions League with Liverpool and Real Madrid. Bayern Munich face Porto in the quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Alonso is aiming to win the trophy with three different clubs. Clarence Seedorf is the only player to have won the title with three clubs.
Karim Benzema believes Real Madrid are capable of retaining the Champions League. Real Madrid won their 10th European Cup last season. Carlo Ancelotti's side face Atletico Madrid in their first Group B clash on Tuesday night. James Rodriguez has heaped praise on his Real Madrid team-mate. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Showtime has released a short promotional video from inside the Mayweather camp. The undefeated American is preparing for the biggest fight the sport has ever seen. Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid face Real Madrid in the Champions League. Simeone recently signed a new four-year contract with the option of a fifth. The Argentinian has turned Atletico around since joining the club in December 2011. Atletico have not let Real win a game in six games between the two sides this season.
Leonardo Jardim believes Juventus are a better team than Arsenal. Monaco coach upset Arsene Wenger by refusing to shake his hand at the Emirates. Jardim's side face Juve in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. The Ligue 1 side beat Arsenal 3-1 at the Stade Louis II in first leg last month.
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to thank Spike Lee and Tito Mikey. Pacquiao is gearing up for his $300million welterweight showdown with Floyd Mayweather on May 2. The 36-year-old also thanks NBA legend Karl Malone for visiting him at the gym. Click here for more boxing news.
Juventus take on Monaco in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Carlos Tevez has scored six Champions League goals this season for Juventus. The Argentine striker admits he feels free at Juventus, back to when he was playing for Boca Juniors. Juventus last reached the Champions League final in 2003, losing to AC Milan in a penalty shootout. Monaco beat Arsenal 3-1 at the Emirates in the last 16 of the competition.
Jose Mauri scored the only goal of the game as Parma beat Juventus 1-0 on Saturday. Parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season. Elsewhere in Serie A, Genoa beat relegation-threatened Cagliari 2-0. Inter Milan beat Verona 3-0 to end a seven-match winless run in all competitions.
Real Madrid host Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Carlo Ancelotti hails Diego Simeone as one of the best coaches in the world. Gareth Bale is available for selection after missing Saturday's 3-0 win against Eibar. Cristiano Ronaldo will be hoping to add to his tally of eight Champions League goals.
Carlos Tevez says it is harder to score goals in Serie A than the Premier League. Juventus striker has scored 36 league goals in the Italian top flight since leaving England. Argentine says Premier League midfields are 'non-existent' and defending is better. Tevez won the Champions League with Manchester United in 2008.
Juventus face AS Monaco in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. Massimiliano Allegri believes both sides will adopt a cautious approach. Andrea Pirlo has returned to training after recovering from a calf muscle injury. Juventus beat Borussia Dortmund 5-1 on aggregate in the last 16 of the competition.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers were knocked out of the FA Cup by Liverpool. Manager Gary Bowyer believes the club should brace themselves for interest. Rovers have rejected advances for Jordan Rhodes and Rudy Gestede in the past two transfer windows. Bowyer joked he may start goalkeeper Simon Eastwood in attack against Reading.
Nicky Law scored twice in Rangers' 4-0 win against Raith Rovers on Sunday. The striker's representatives have fielded calls from 10 English clubs. Brighton, Birmingham and Reading are showing the strongest interest in Law. Former Rangers starlet Lewis Macleod will almost certainly not play for Brentford this season after his £850,000 January move.
Bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the Championship. Yann Kermorgant opened the scoring with a sweetly-taken free-kick. Callum Wilson added a second with a sublime finish in the 81st minute. Eddie Howe's side set a club record 106 goals in all competitions.
Mark Clattenburg will take charge of Paris Saint-Germain vs Barcelona. Clattenburg is regarded by UEFA as England's top official. He will be assisted by an all-English team at the Parc des Princes. CLICK HERE for all the latest UEFA Champions League news.
Bayern Munich take on Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola is bidding to reach his sixth semi-final in six years as a manager. Between 2005-2009 the Premier League provided 12 out of the potential 20 semi finalists for the Champions League; between 2010 to 2015 it has provided three out of 24. Only Liverpool and Manchester United achieved that in the five-year period of English ascendancy. Chelsea were an exception to the rule in 2012 when they won the tournament against the odds.
Wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster that unfolded during an FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest. Steven Gerrard and Phil Jagielka stood shoulder-to-shoulder and released 96 red balloons in memory of the 96 fans who died at Hillsborough. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers, chief executive Ian Ayre and the entire Liverpool squad attended, along with a host of former players including Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush, Phil Thompson, Robbie Fowler, John Aldridge and Jamie Carragher. There was also significant representation from Everton, with manager Roberto Martinez joining his captain Jag
Luis Suarez scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes. The Uruguayan striker scored Barcelona's 1,000th goal in European competition. Lionel Messi posted a picture of the pair inside the dressing room after the game. Barcelona are currently the second highest scorers in Europe behind Real Madrid.
Stephen Dodd posted photograph of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield. He said that the solicitors were a 'disgrace' for praying at half-time of an FA Cup game. Police investigated the incident after receiving complaints from furious web users. Now club authorities say they will 'take appropriate action' against the fan. This could include banning him from matches, which he could face if found guilty.
Manchester City host Manchester United in Sunday's derby at 4pm. Chief Superintendent John O'Hare says the kick-off was agreed by all parties. He says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side. The last time United and City played in a late kick off for a weekend match was in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley in 2011. 34 arrests were made amid scenes some fans described as 'a free for all'
Jurgen Klopp has told Borussia Dortmund he wants to leave the club. The 47-year-old believes he has taken the Bundesliga club as far as he can. Klopp has been linked with a move to the Premier League this summer. Bild report that the former Mainz coach Thomas Tuchel is in the frame to take over. Dortmund have called a press conference for Wednesday at 12.30pm.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-0 at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday night. Luis Suarez scored twice to give the Catalan giants a comfortable win. Neymar was the most eye-catching forward in the first half of the game. Edinson Cavani failed to deliver on the biggest stage again for PSG. PSG's unbeaten run at home in the Champions League came to an end.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. Liverpool stars Sterling and Ibe were also drinking Fanta in the pictures. Sterling will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with Brendan Rodgers tomorrow. Becoming as good as Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo requires more than just ability alone. English football would appear to have yet another flawed talent.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as PSG beat Saint-Etienne 4-1. Ibrahimovic took his PSG career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago. Ezequiel Lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet Auxerre in the final.
Emir Spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury. Bayer Leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties to Bayern Munich in the DFB-Pokal quarter-final. Footage shows the Bosnian defender involved in a clash with stewards after the game. Spahic is seen appearing to throw his hands into the faces of several stewards. The 34-year-old then appears to aim a headbutt at another member of staff. He will issue an apology for his behaviour and the incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in Cologne.
Philippe Coutinho scored the decisive goal for Liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their FA Cup quarter-final replay at Ewood Park. The Brazilian's shot flicks the inside of the far post before nestling in the bottom corner to give Brendan Rodgers' side victory. Blackburn goalkeeper Simon Eastwood had a chance to force extra-time in the dying stages but his shot was saved by Simon Mignolet. Liverpool will now face Aston Villa in the semi-finals of the FA Cup at Wembley on Sunday, April 19.
Toulon beat Wasps 32-18 in the European Rugby Champions Cup quarter final. Ali Williams scored a last minute try for Toulon at the Felix Mayol Stadium. Bernard Laporte's side will face Leinster in the semi-finals on April 19. Carl Hayman has admitted Touloon 'have a lot of work to do' to lift the inaugural Champions Cup.
Will Stevens has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team in either qualifying or the race in the opening two Formula One events of the year. Manor have had their teething problems since being rescued from administration. Stevens and team-mate Roberto Merhi failed to make it out on track for a single lap in Melbourne.
Aaron Cook was overlooked for the GB taekwondo squad at London 2012. The 24-year-old plans to fight for Moldova at the 2016 Olympics in Rio. Dorset-born Cook applied for citizenship after receiving funding from Moldovan billionaire Igor Iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the eastern European state.
Nathan Hughes accidentally knocked out George North on March 27. North was left unconscious and had to be taken off on a stretcher. Hughes was initially sent off and then banned for three weeks. But the ban has now been rescinded following an outcry on his behalf. Wasps captain James Haskell said he was 'astounded' by the decision.
Michael Phelps has won 22 Olympic medals, 18 of them golds. 29-year-old was suspended by USA swimming after drink-driving arrest in September. Phelps was caught driving at 84mph in a 45mph zone in Baltimore, Maryland. He pleaded guilty to driving under the influence in December and served six month ban. American will return to the pool in Arizona next week.
Mathieu Bastareaud and Ali Williams scored tries for Toulon. Will Helu scored a late try for Wasps but Ali Williams should have been sin-binned. Dai Youngs side became the third of four English challengers to be knocked out of the Champions Cup over the weekend.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. It has been 88 years since Reading reached the last four of the competition. Steve Clarke has told his players not to get caught up in the occasion. The Royals have struggled in the Championship this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Reading news.
Caroline Wozniacki watched a basketball game in Indianapolis with NFL star J.J. Watt. The Duke Blue Devils were beaten 68-63 by the University of Wisconsin Badgers. World No 5 was also invited to the White House on Monday to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll and played tennis with US President Barack Obama.
Justin Carney dislocated his elbow in Castleford's win over Hull KR. Australian winger will be sidelined for up to two months after elbow surgery. Castleford coach Daryl Powell says it is 'probably the best-case scenario' James Clare is expected to take Carney's place against Widnes on Sunday.
Andrea Pirlo and Francesco Totti would be perfect for Boca, says Pablo Osvaldo. The 29-year-old is currently on loan at Boca from Southampton. Osvaldo has scored three goals in six games for the South American side.
Caroline Wozniacki was invited to the White House to take part in the annual Easter Egg Roll. World No 5 played tennis with US President Barack Obama during the event. Danish ace participated in this year's themed #gimmefive campaign. The event was broadcast on the popular talk show Live! with Kelly and Michael.
Manchester City host Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday (4.30pm kick-off) City beat Louis van Gaal's side 1-0 in the last derby at the Etihad in November. Sportsmail has put together a composite XI of the two sides ahead of the derby. David de Gea, Pablo Zabaleta, Vincent Kompany and Gael Clichy make the cut. Wayne Rooney, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera, David Silva and Michael Carrick complete the midfield.
Milinda Gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in Chile on October 29. He was changing flights at Auckland Airport for the final leg of his trip. The 32-year-old downed a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets. Then allegedly groped a female passenger's breast as his Qantas flight was taxiing to the runway. Originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill - offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail.
Incident occurred at Ben Gurion International Airport in Israel. Six passengers were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames. The incident was declared a State of Emergency Level 3 - the highest level of danger at the airport. It is unknown how or why the fire broke out on the small plane.
William 'Frankie' Dugan, 29, and 32-year-old Valerie Ojo allegedly performed sex acts on two children aged five and six in Oklahoma. The couple were charged in March after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy, incest and exploitation against two children, aged 5 and 6. Muskogee police department said that investigators believed that there were other victims, aged between four and 21 years old.
Manchester United take on local rivals City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Robin van Persie said he was fit to play but Louis van Gaal has ruled him out with ankle injury. Van Gaal says he has been dreaming of beating City but will have to do so without him. United boss also ruled out a potential return for Luke Shaw against City.
Manchester United face local rivals Manchester City at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal says he is not worried about the prospect of facing his rivals. The Manchester United boss lost his first encounter with Man City 1-0 in November. But Van Gaal insists he has less fear of facing Man City than Aston Villa. United are currently one point ahead of City in third place in the Premier League.
Manuel Pellegrini says he is not impressed by Manchester United's rise up the table. He feels Louis van Gaal should be expected to get the best out of his squad. Pellegrina feels United's expensive signings such as Angel di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Daley Blind are key to their current form. City have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and travel to Old Trafford on Sunday.
Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure at the Etihad Stadium and a defeat is unthinkable. Louis van Gaal's side have never lost five in a row to City before. Wayne Rooney and Sergio Aguero are two of the best forwards in the current Premier League. Michael Carrick's return to the United starting line-up will be key for Michael Carrick.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to give Sunderland victory. Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Defoe on his goal at half-time. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher claimed Krul made a mistake. Krul later defended his actions, saying it was 'not nice' to congratulate Defoe.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner in Sunderland's 1-0 win over Newcastle. The striker had scored just twice for the Black Cats since joining in January. Defoe has compared the feeling of scoring the winner to scoring at the World Cup. Sunderland are 15th in the Premier League after Dick Advocaat's first win in charge.
Jermain Defoe opened the scoring for Sunderland in the 45th minute with a left-footed volley. The 32-year-old struck from 25 yards out to put the Black Cats into a 1-0 lead at the Stadium of Light. Former Tottenham striker Defoe's goal was Sunderland's third of the season and his third in three games for the club. Sunderland boss Dick Advocaat's side move up to 10th in the Premier League, while Newcastle remain in the bottom three.
Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to secure a 1-0 win for Sunderland. John Carver admitted he was 'embarrassed' by Newcastle's capitulation. Newcastle were second best in every department during a fifth straight derby defeat. Defoe's goal moved Sunderland three points clear of the relegation zone.
Chris Lane, 22, was shot in the back with a.22 calibre handgun in August 2013. He was jogging along a road in Duncan, Oklahoma when he was killed. His parents, Donna and Peter, wept in court as they listened to 911 call. Chasey Luna, 17, has been charged with first-degree murder. Lane was on a baseball scholarship with Oklahoma's East Central University.
Wayne Rooney has been deployed in midfield for Manchester United this season. The 29-year-old has scored four goals in his last five appearances up front. Manchester United host Manchester City in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have won their last four games in all competitions. City have won the last four meetings between the two sides.
Boy, who cannot be named, removed from parents due to his poor dental health. Judge ruled he must stay in the care of his local authority due to tooth decay. Details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in Reading, Berkshire, by Judge Eleanor Owens. She was told how the youngster had to have 13 teeth taken out two years ago, when an NHS fact sheet says most children have a full set of 20 teeth.
Jermain Defoe scored the winner as Sunderland beat Newcastle 1-0 on Sunday. The 32-year-old struck with a left-footed volley in the 45th minute at the Stadium of Light. Sunderland are now three points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Defoe admits he had to question whether he was even happening at the time.
Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli has received thousands of racist messages on social media. Brendan Rodgers says he is'shocked' at the level of online abuse aimed at Balota. Liverpool team-mate Daniel Sturridge and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck have also been targeted. Stoke City boss Mark Hughes has called for a crackdown on online racism.
Britain's Adam Peaty has broken the men's 100 metres breast stroke world record. His time of 57.92 seconds beat the previous record of 58.46 set by Cameron van der Burgh. Peaty is the first man in history to break through the 58-second barrier in the discipline. Fran Halsall stormed to victory in the open 50m freestyle with a time of 24.37.
Lady Sasima Srivikorn is co-chairman of Reading Football Club with Sir John Madejski. The pair are set to face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Sir John says Lady Sasima is 'one hell of a wise lady  and very modest too' She believes the incident was provoked by the political activities of her daughter and son in law.
Poll led to calls for campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains. Half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under the age of 18. Six out of ten women were afraid of being attacked on public transport compared to three out of 10 men.
Dion Dublin joined hosts Martin Roberts and Lucy Alexander for the popular property renovation series. The former Aston Villa frontman helped a brother and sister-in-law renovate a three bedroom semi-detached house in Dartford. Mike and Lucia bought the property for £215,000 and hoped to sell it on for close to £270,000. Dublin received plenty of plaudits from viewers via social media including high praise from IBF World Super Bantamweight champion Carl Frampton.
Pekingese Marley and Mitzy were left to play in front garden of Doncaster home. But they were snatched when owners Adele and Steven Worgan weren't looking at them. Neighbours believe they have caught suspected dog-napper on CCTV footage. The pair are offering £1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return.
Manchester United host Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo are all out injured for United. Wayne Rooney could be asked to drop back into midfield against Jose Mourinho's side. Luke Shaw is set to return to the United first-team, while Rooney will drop into midfield. Robin van Persie is not yet fit enough to return from injury.
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. The 38-year-old has played in all four of Villa's FA Cup matches this season and has kept two clean-sheets. Brad Guzan, Villas No 1, suffered heartbreak in 2010, when he was understudy to Brad Friedel but played every round of the League Cup  before being left out of the final against Manchester United by manager Martin ONeill.
Blackpool fans have been protesting against the Oyston family in recent weeks. Frank Knight was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his Facebook page this time last year. Another supporter is awaiting a court date with the Oystons after making defamatory remarks online. Karl Oyston is to soon find out his fate for branding a fan a'retard'
Manchester United travel to Chelsea for their Premier League clash on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side have won their last six matches in all competitions. Wayne Rooney may have to play in a holding midfield role against the Blues. Michael Carrick, Daley Blind, Marcos Rojo and Phil Jones are all injured. Juan Mata is returning to Stamford Bridge for the first time against Chelsea. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Philippe Coutinho joined Liverpool from Inter Milan for £8.5m in 2013. The Brazil playmaker failed to establish himself at the San Siro. Sporting director Piero Ausilio said he was left feeling'sad' by the sale. Coutinho has been nominated for the PFA Player of the Season award.
Luke Shaw was substituted at half-time against Arsenal in the FA Cup. Louis van Gaal told the £28million defender he was not fit enough to play for United. Shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent England squad. He is struggling to come to terms with his new life at Old Trafford and has turned to Uniteds psychologist to declutter his mind and reboot just nine months into his career at United.
Newcastle have won just two games in 14 games under John Carver. Carver replaced Alan Pardew at St James' Park until at least the end of the season. The 50-year-old says he's enjoying his job and believes he's getting the best out of players. Newcastle face Tottenham on Sunday and have lost their last five Premier League games.
Chris Zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months for robbery, attempted robbery and assault. The 28-year-old admitted four charges relating to two incidents at Swindon Crown Court. He crashed his BMW into a taxi in December and attacked another driver who attempted to film him, smashing his mobile phone. While on bail, the striker also attempted to rob two men in the town after a night out. Recorder Ian Lawrie told Zeboski his talent had been'squandered' by alcohol abuse.
Wales climbed to 22, their highest-ever position in football's world order, in the April rankings to move within eight places of England. Chris Coleman's side are unbeaten in Euro 2016 qualifying. Ramsey admits the banter with the likes of Theo Walcott, Jack Wilshere and Danny Welbeck is already flying on the Arsenal training ground.
Ash Handley scored a hat-trick of tries as Leeds thrashed St Helens 41-16. The Rhinos are now six points clear at the top of the Super League. Leeds have now played every other team in Super League in their opening 11 matches.
Mesut Ozil says he is playing his best football since joining Arsenal. The German star was off the pace at the start of the season. Ozil was injured for three months in January, and says it 'worked in his favour' The 26-year-old is continuing to do extra strength training after training. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi final on Saturday.
Ramiul Sheikh, 50, was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal. The herd invaded the village in the Murshidabad district of the country, destroying crops and houses. Locals were trying to coax the elephants back into the forest when one suddenly became violent.
Tragedy happened at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport around 4.30pm on Sunday. Pilot was trying to land the Piper PA-31 aircraft when it crashed into woodland. Witnesses heard a 'loud explosion, a big fireball' as the plane crashed. The four victims have not been officially named, and it is not yet known why the crash happened.
Rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in Bydgoszcz, northern Poland. Green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in October after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection. Owner Lucyna Kuziel-Zawalich took care of him and adopted him as a permanent member of the animal hospital.
The recorded cell phone conversation shows John Hargrove using the N-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend. In the five-minute video he discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head. SeaWorld said the company was given the video by an 'internal whistle-blower' last weekend and that his employment would have been terminated 'immediately' if they had known 'he engaged in this kind of behavior' The video's release also caused one San Diego bookstore to cancel
Author Martin Fletcher claims Bradford City's Valley Parade fire was not an accident. He has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time. High court judge Mr Justice Popplewell said the fire was caused by a discarded cigarette. West Yorkshire police say they will review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy. The fire broke out near half-time of Bradford's game against Lincoln on May 11, 1985. Within minutes the stand packed with 4,000 spectators was fully ablaze with 56 dead and 265 injured
The fire began around 11:30 a.m. Sunday on Tupper Street in downtown Buffalo. Police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes. A WGRZ photojournalist was interviewing a man on the street when the second blast occurred about a half-block behind him. The cover flew high into the air as the man yelled 'Heads-up!' several times.
The video maker used four plastic cups and a marker pen to create his unique creation. Drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and on the outside is a selection of haircuts. Rotating the outer cup, the man brings the various haircuts into alignment with the head. Settling on the afro hairstyle, the video maker stacks a third cup, which has outfits drawn on it. He settles on a shirt and then adds the fourth and final cup that has accessories. The video was initially uploaded to Reddit and claims to be influenced by Japanese comics.
The seven women and five men who voted to find the former New England Patriots star guilty of murder on Wednesday sat down for a group interview with CNN's Anderson Cooper on Thursday. Most of the jurors raised their hands when asked if they knew who Aaron Hernandez was before the trial started. However, they maintained that his notoriety didn't have an impact on their decision to convict him of murder. 'We're all people, and we're all equal,' one juror said.
Video was captured by Amanda Dorman at Lake District Wildlife Park near Keswick. Seven-second video shows lar gibbon sneaking across in its enclosure while giggling. Video was shared 130,000 times before being picked up by The Lad Bible page. The video has been viewed over nine million times and has been compared to running across the landing naked when you forget your towel.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California being fed some treats. In a bid to trick her, her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix. Immediately the canine pulls a look of disgust as she chomps on the vegetable. She then proceeds to spit it out on the floor.
Dullel Kassab fled to Raqqa in Syria with her children last year. The 28-year-old regularly posts pictures to Twitter of airstrikes hitting blocks away from their Raqqa apartment. She boasts about her children's distaste for Kuffar (non-believers) The children's paternal grandparents say they are worried Kassab, 28, is 'brainwashing' them. Their father was killed near the Syria-Turkey border last year, and Kassab has a new husband.
Statue of Yu The Great, who founded China's first dynasty in 2070 BC, is in Wuhan. Bronze sculpture depicts Yu and his wife meeting after they were brought together by a fox. Over the years tourists have kept touching Yu's hand, the fox's back, and wife's breast. While the rest of the statue is black, the colour of the coating has worn away to expose metal.
Kristina Patrick from Alaska filmed her German Shepherd Pakak performing a very skillful trick. Video footage shows the pup lying on her back with a tennis ball neatly clutched between her front paws. After freezing still for several seconds, Pakak lowers the ball slowly down. She then places it in between her teeth, back to where it started.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week. Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The former Austria U21 international had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011. Blackpool are expected to return to League One next season.
Jessica Ennis-Hill won heptathlon gold at the London 2012 Olympics. The 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013. She took time off to become a mother and gave birth to her son Reggie last summer. Katarina Johnson-Thompson has emerged as the new rising star of British athletics. Mo Farah will also compete in the Diamond League event.
Aaron Ramsey has scored 25 goals for Arsenal since the start of last season. The Welshman scored the only goal of the game against Burnley at Turf Moor. Ramsey dedicated his last couple of goals to his late Gran who passed away. He took time out from preparations for today's FA Cup semi-final against Reading to pay tribute to her.
The dog named Stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion's when its owners sent it to the groomers. According to the dogs owner, Stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat, which is best suited for colder climates, had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine. Shaved from the front legs back, the dog boasts a voluminous mane around its head and neck.
Manuel Pellegrini is keen to sign Anderlecht youngster Evangelos Patoulidis. The 14-year-old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from the Belgian club's youth set-up. Patoulidis has also attracted attention from Arsenal and Barcelona.
Manchester City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo. Reports in Spain suggested that Valencia are having second thoughts about keeping Negredo next season. There had been suggestions that Valencia were trying to finance a deal for Radamel Falcao. Manchester City scouts were deployed to watch Porto full back Alex Sandro.
Roland Giroux places his hand in the tank and cups his pet fish with his fingers. The blood parrot cichlid swims away from the man's hand a few times but returns to be massaged. Mr Giroux massages and plays with his fish for at least 15 minutes each day. He was forced to remove two other fish from the tank after they bullied his pet.
Teacher Aaron Galloway, 23, was on a half-term city break to Prague. He left his expensive SLR camera on the seat as he landed in the Czech Republic. Cabin crew phoned the flight attendants but there was no sign of the £499 Nikon. When he got home, he went on eBay to find a replacement and was astonished to see his own camera for sale with just 35 minutes left on the auction. Fernando Miguel Andrade Viseu begged Aaron not to report him to police. Officers raided his home near Stansted and found the D5200 Nikon
Mauricio Pochettino believes another season in the Europa League could hamper Tottenham's top four hopes. Tottenham were knocked out of the competition by Fiorentina earlier this month. Pochettino has told Newcastle bods John Carver that escaping criticism is impossible as a manager. Spurs host Newcastle United in the Premier League on Saturday.
Jordan Spieth won his first ever major title with victory at the Masters. Rory McIlroy finished on 12 under par, six shots behind the winner. The world No 1 was paired with Tiger Woods for the final round. McIlroy admits he was beaten by the better man this week. Click here for more Masters news.
Angelique Kerber beat Madison Keys 6-2, 4-6, 7-5 in the Family Circle Cup final. Kerber had trailed 4-1 in the final set before winning six of the last seven. This was Kerber's fourth WTA title and first since Linz in 2013.
Maria Sharapova has pulled out of Russia's Fed Cup semi-final against Germany. Venus Williams has withdrawn from the USA team for the World Group play-off against Italy due to personal reasons. The best-of-five series will be played outdoors on red clay at the Circolo Tennis Brindisi.
Jon Flanagan will speak to Liverpool about a new contract in the summer. Flanagan's current deal expires at the end of the season. The defender impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the England squad. Brendan Rodgers is a big fan of the 22-year-old and is keen to keep him at the club.
Sania Mirza is the first Indian to reach the top of the WTA doubles rankings. The 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with Martina Hingis on Sunday. Mirza beat Casey Dellacqua and Darija Jurak 6-0, 6-4 in just 57 minutes in Charleston. Only three other Asian women have achieved the top doubles ranking.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix ahead of Nico Rosberg. The Mercedes team-mate accused Hamilton of being selfish by slowing down. Mika Hakkinen says Hamilton was within his rights to look after his own race. Former world champion says Rosberg will feel the weight of the title race on him.
Nico Rosberg accused Lewis Hamilton of being'selfish' in China. The Mercedes team-mates finished one-two in Shanghai on Sunday. Hamilton has out-qualified and finished ahead of Rosberg at every race so far this season. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff is confident tensions have been resolved.
Toto Wolff says Mercedes may have to make 'unpopular calls' for their drivers. Nico Rosberg complained about Lewis Hamilton's driving during the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton won the race and has won two of the three Formula One races so far this season. Ferrari and Sebastian Vettel have proved surprise contenders in the title race.
Nico Rosberg criticised Lewis Hamilton after the Chinese Grand Prix. The Mercedes team-mate claimed the Briton slowed down too much in the middle of the race, drawing him back into a chasing Sebastian Vettel. Hamilton has won eight of the last 10 races, and leads the Drivers' Championship by 13 points from Rosberg.
London Wasps beat London Welsh 40-13 at the Kassam Stadium. Tom Varndell scored a hat-trick as Wasps won away from home for the first time in 2015. Ashley Johnson, Sailosi Tagicakibau and Alapati Leiua also crossed for Wasps. Opeti Fonua, Chris Elder and Koree Britton crossed for London Welsh. Welsh will finish bottom of the Aviva Premiership after defeat to Bath.
Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg to win the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. The Mercedes drivers had a heated post-race press conference after the race. Hamilton hit out at Rosberg for slowing down while leading the race in Shanghai. Rosberg said he was'selfish' for allowing his team-mate to get close to Sebastian Vettel. But the pair barely exchanged a word on their flight to Dubai the next morning. Both drivers have now had their say on what happened after their debriefs.
Taekwondo fighter Aaron Cook has been granted Moldovan citizenship. The 24-year-old will fight for Moldova at Rio 2016 Olympics. Cook has not competed for GB since missing out on selection for London 2012. He is ranked No 2 in the world in the sub-80kg class.
Raheem Sterling pictured smoking a shisha pipe with Liverpool team-mate Jordon Ibe. Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere has found himself under fire three times for smoking. Diego Maradona, Paul Merson, Saido Berahino, Paul Walker and Robin Friday are just some of the other misbehaving Premier League stars to have been caught smoking.
Mike Ashley owns 9.82 per cent of Rangers but is prohibited from going over 10 per cent. Ashley gave the club's old board a £5million loan in January which remains outstanding. Two of his closest associates - Derek Llambias and Barry Leach - sat as directors until last month.
Leaked pictures show Real Madrid's new away kit for next season. Home kit will feature three grey stripes with yellow trim and a greyed-out badge. The pink touches from this season's shirts will also be dropped from the kit. Real Madrid won the FIFA Club World Cup in January and have a new badge in the centre.
Leigh Griffiths came off the bench to score a hat-trick in 19 minutes. Celtic came from behind to beat Kilmarnock 4-1 at Parkhead on Wednesday night. Darryl Westlake's deflected strike had given the visitors a shock lead in the second half. Kris Commons equalised for Celtic eight minutes later. The win takes them eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership.
Nigel Pearson has urged his Leicester players to ignore their relegation rivals. The Foxes host Swansea on Saturday just three points from safety in the Premier League. Last week's 3-2 win at West Bromwich Albion handed them a survival lifeline. But Pearson wants his side to remain focused on their own jobs.
Michael Phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth Olympics next year in Rio. The 18-time Olympic champion won't swim in the world championships this summer. Phelps is back in Arizona, where he attended 45 days of inpatient alcohol rehabilitation after being arrested on DUI charges last September.
Michael Phelps is entered in five events at the Arena Pro Swim Series in Arizona. It will be his first meet since serving a six-month ban following a drunk driving conviction. The 18-time Olympic gold medalist has entered in the 100-meter butterfly on Thursday, 100m backstroke on Friday, 200m individual medley and 100m freestyle on Saturday. Phelps's chief rival Ryan Lochte is also in the same five events.
Obama said he 'had to say hi' to Bolt during his visit to Jamaica on Thursday. The U.S. president became the first American President to visit the island since Ronald Reagan in 1982. When Obama met Bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark 'lightning pose' Bolt posted the video of him with Obama to his Instagram account on Friday and said that he was honored to have met the president.
Juan Mata scored both goals as Manchester United beat Liverpool 2-1 at Anfield. The Spain international also scored in United's 3-0 win over Tottenham at Old Trafford. Mata has been excluded from the Spain squad since their World Cup exit. Louis van Gaal's side host Aston Villa in the Premier League on Saturday.
Emmanuel Adebayor took to Twitter to pledge his future to Tottenham. The 31-year-old Togo international has been linked with a move away from White Hart Lane. He has made just 16 appearances in all competitions this season, scoring only twice. Adebayors last Premier League goal for Spurs came against Newcastle in October last year.
Edwin van der Sar is convinced Louis van Gaal will bring glory days back to Manchester United. United have won six successive matches and sit third in the Premier League. Van Gaal's side travel to Chelsea on Saturday looking to extend their unbeaten run. The Red Devils have one game in hand and are big favourites to lift the title. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Louis van Gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark at Carrington. He immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights. Sportsmail understands Van Gaal is keen to replicate match conditions during sessions. If United are due to play a night match he would prefer them to prepare by training under lights. The installation of the lights will also allow Van Gaal extra time to work with his charges in bleak winters.
Maria Sharapova will play for Russia against Germany in the Fed Cup semi-finals. The Russian Tennis Federation confirmed the news on Monday. Sharapova rarely plays Fed Cup, citing a busy schedule, but will be part of the Russian team facing Germany on April 18-19 in Sochi. Playing in the team event helps her become eligible for next year's Olympics.
Andy Murray is getting married to long-term girlfriend Kim Sears in Dunblane on Saturday. The world No 3 posted on Twitter a series of 'emojis' to his 2.98 million followers. From the tweet it is clear Murray expects a day of laughter, romance, alcohol and dancing. Final preparations for the wedding are well underway ahead of the big day. Murray will sacrifice a traditional honeymoon to jet off to Barcelona after his nuptials to kick-start his clay court season.
Ricardo Rodriguez scored a 72nd-minute penalty to secure the win for Wolfsburg. Kevin de Bruyne and Andre Schurrle missed several good chances for the hosts. Wolfsburg will face Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup semi-finals on Tuesday. Holders Bayern Munich play Bayer Leverkusen in another all-Bundesliga clash.
Usain Bolt will compete at the World Relays in the Bahamas next month. The six-time Olympic gold medallist will be part of the Jamaican team. Bolt insists he always does 'his best to make his country proud' while wearing the national colours.
Tottenham will subsidise Emmanuel Adebayor's £100,000-per-week wages. The Togolese striker is out of favour at White Hart Lane under Mauricio Pochettino. Chairman Daniel Levy has shown a reluctance to take such measures in the past, but is so keen to show the striker the door that he has now changed tact.
Andre Schurrle scored his first goal for Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga on Saturday. The former Chelsea forward thanked Wolfsburg supporters for their patience. He admitted not scoring for the German side was 'eating away' at him. Wolfsburg are seven points clear of Borussia Monchengladbach after Saturday's win.
Luis Suarez nutmegged David Luiz twice in build-up to Barcelona's two goals. PSG lost 3-1 to Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Glenn Hoddle said Luiz defended like an 'eight-year-old who hasn't been coached' Thierry Henry questioned the player's fitness after coming on as a sub after 21 minutes. Jamie Redknapp also admitted that Luiz can be a liability at the back.
Torpedo Moscow must play next two home games in an empty stadium. Fans displayed a banner with a Nazi symbol during Torpedo's 3-1 win over Arsenal Tula. Club also fined £11,000 for fighting, fighting, use of pyrotechnics by fans, and insulting chants. Sunday's game was marred by crowd violence, with fans attacking Arsenal supporters and police. It is the club's fourth racism-related punishment this season.
Bayern Munich were beaten 3-1 by Porto in the Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Pep Guardiola's side were beaten at the Estadio Dragao by three goals in the first leg. Thomas Muller, Manuel Neuer and Pep Guardiola were pictured at the airport on Thursday. Bayern chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said the loss was due to injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing.
Christian Benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches. The Aston Villa striker has scored a goal every 87 minutes since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park. Benteke admits he surprised himself with his hat-trick against QPR last week. He admits he does not practise free-kicks and has only taken a handful of them in his career.
Pep Guardiola remains Manchester City's first choice to replace Manuel Pellegrini. Guardiola has a year remaining on his contract in Germany. But a quarter-final Champions League exit could help persuade his employers to let him go this summer. The 44-year-old's early record in the competition is stunning, lifting the trophy two times in three years.
AC Milan's under-10 team were allegedly subject to racist abuse during Sunday's 4-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the Universal Cup. Milan says it does 'not want to magnify the issue' and 'truly hopes that these reports aren't true or that it was simply a sporadic incident' There have been several high-profile incidents of racism in Italian football, notably when then Milan player Kevin-Prince Boateng led his teammates off the field to protest racial abuse by opposing fans in January 2013.
Kick It Out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused former Wales goalkeeper Jason Brown. John Wild was found guilty of racially abusing Brown while he was playing for Dartford in a Vanarama Conference fixture at Bristol Rovers last October. Brown, 32, welcomed the outcome of the case but also criticised a number of bodies, including Kick It Out, The Football Association and the Professional Footballers' Association, after he felt they 'did nothing about it' Kick it Out responded to Brown's concerns following Wild's conviction at Bristol Magistrates Court.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Ricardo Quaresma and Jackson Martinez scored two goals each for the hosts. Portugal's Record opted for the pun 'Fantasporto' as their headline, while Abola simply write: 'Superb!' The return leg takes place in Munich next week.
Ben Flower was given the honour of leading Wigan's victory song after helping them to a 30-20 win over Warrington on his return from a six-month suspension. The 27-year-old Wales forward did not get among the scorers but he did enough to impress coach Shaun Wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the Warriors' Grand Final defeat by St Helens last October. Dom Manfredi provided the highlight with his second hat-trick of tries in five days.
Oriol Romeu is currently on a season-long loan at Bundesliga side Stuttgart. The Chelsea midfielder goes head-to-head with Martin Keown to predict the scores for the weekend's Premier League and FA Cup matches. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Aston Villa and Liverpool meet in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley.
Sam Tomkins will cut short his stay in the NRL with New Zealand Warriors. The 26-year-old will rejoin Wigan on a four-year contract from 2016. Tomkins rejected an offer from Warrington to return to his home-town club. Wigan received a world record transfer fee, thought to be around £700,000.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in The Parks as he bids to earn a recall to the England squad. Andy Flower continues to earn £300,000-a-year as the ECB's technical director of elite coaching. Shivnarine Chanderpaul wants to continue playing Test cricket so that he can play in the same West Indies side as his promising 18-year-old son Tagenarine.
Manchester City's James Milner is the most high-profile free agent available this summer. Ron Vlaar, Glen Johnson and Kolo Toure all set to leave their Premier League clubs. Everton want to tie Luke Garbutt down to a new deal but he's yet to commit. Tom Cleverley is not wanted by Manchester United, Aston Villa and Everton. Jonas Gutierrez battled back from testicular cancer to return to Newcastle squad last month.
Gianni Paladini has registered as a director of a new Bradford City holding company. Former QPR chairman has previously tried to buy Birmingham from Carson Yeung. Paladini left his role at Loftus Road in 2011 following Tony Fernandes takeover. Bradford were beaten 6-0 at home by Bristol City on Tuesday night.
Leicester City host Swansea City in the Premier League on Saturday. Foxes have beaten West Ham and West Brom in their last two games. Nigel Pearson has revealed he has turned to Howard Wilkinson for advice. Wilkinson won the First Division title with Leeds in 1992 and was a mentor to Pearson.
Dom Manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days. Winger stole the limelight from Ben Flower and Sam Tomkins. Flower made his return from a six-month ban for punching Lance Hohaia. Tomkins re-signed for Wigan on a four-year deal from New Zealand Warriors.
Diafra Sakho is West Ham's runaway top scorer this season with 12 goals. The striker was forced off after 59 minutes against Stoke City on Saturday. West Ham claimed Sakho could return 'before the end of the season' on their official website. It comes as a blow for manager Sam Allardyce who is fighting for a new contract.
Real Madrid drew 0-0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon. Gareth Bale missed a one-on-one chance and the game ended in a goalless draw. The Welshman was verbally abused by supporters outside the club's training ground. It comes almost a month after the world's most expensive footballer's white Bentley was attacked by fans at the Valdebebas base.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is struggling to recover from a groin injury. Arsene Wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week. Jack Wilshere will be in Arsenal's squad for the FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Captain Mikel Arteta is also ruled out with calf and ankle injuries.
Jenna Louise Driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. The 25-year-old was due to appear at Brisbane Magistrates Court on Monday but didn't show up. She is now wanted by police on seven drug charges, one of unlawful wounding and three charges of having sex with her dog. Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos. Driscoll is believed to have been dealing cannabis to friends.
Nicola Salerno has resigned from his role as Leeds United's sporting director. The 58-year-old Italian's departure comes six days after Leeds' assistant head coach Steve Thompson was suspended by the club. Leeds owner Massimo Cellino is banned from having any executive influence at Elland Road until May 4 due to a tax conviction in Italy.
Aidan Coleman is hoping he has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his Crabbie's Grand National blues at Aintree on Saturday. The 26-year-old rides well-backed The Druids Nephew, stepping in for broken leg victim Barry Geraghty on the Neil Mulholland-trained gelding. Coleman's two latest rides in the race have seen him unseated from a hampered The Rainbow Hunter.
Sam Allardyce believes his squad are unable to deal with the rigours of a full Premier League season. Allardyces contract expires at the end of the season but he feels his work at Upton Park is far from done. The West Ham starting XI on Saturday included six summer signings with Carl Jenkinson and Alex Song the only ones to have played in the Premier League before. Marko Arnautovic scored a 95th-minute equaliser.
Tim Sherwood's Aston Villa beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane on Saturday. Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game in the 35th minute. Sherwood is renowned for his fiery displays on the touchline, so how did he fare? Sportsmail explains how he copes with one of the more emotive fixtures of his career.
Garry Monk will hold talks with Michu before deciding Spaniard's future. The 29-year-old has spent this season on loan at Napoli due to injury problems. Michu recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to Swansea. Swansea boss Monk has heaped praise on Bafetimbi Gomis following his recent fine form.
Fernando Torres scored his first ever league own goal during Atletico Madrid's 2-2 draw with Malaga on Saturday. The Spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner over his own line to pull Malaga back into the game before half-time. Torres has found goals difficult to come by since his January return to the Vicente Calderon and has scored just four times for Diego Simeone's side.
Cristiano Ronaldo's yellow card against Rayo Vallecano was rescinded. Real Madrid's Iker Casillas, Toni Kroos, James Rodriguez and Gareth Bale are all out. Jese is to start his first game in 389 days in Bale's absence and Carlo Ancelotti said: 'With this injury you still have problems a year later' Sergio Rico has the task of stopping Barca's formidable trio of Luis Suarez, Neymar and Messi. Goal-line technology is a major talking point in Italy as it's confirmed for Coppa Italia Final.
Garry Monk wants Swansea to continue their good form with victory over Everton. Swansea have never beaten Roberto Martinez's side in the Premier League. Monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on Everton's season. Everton have won their last three matches, while Swansea have won just one. Vandals defaced the outside of Goodison Park with 'Martinez Out' and 'Not Good Enough'
Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring with a 21st minute free-kick against Eibar. It was the 30-year-old's first La Liga goal in over a year and his 38th league goal of the season. Manchester United loanee Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez doubled Madrid's lead in the 31st minute. Jese made it 3-0 in the 83rd minute with his fifth goal in just his fifth appearance for the club. Real Madrid remain second in La Liga, three points behind leaders Barcelona.
Real Madrid beat Rayo Vallecano 2-0 in La Liga on Wednesday night. Iker Casillas kept a clean sheet as Carlo Ancelotti's side moved four points behind Barcelona. The 33-year-old has been regularly booed by his own fans at the Bernabeu this season. Real return to action against Eibar on Saturday when they face Barcelona.
Burnley have scored just once in their last six games. Danny Ings has not found the net in seven appearances for the Clarets. Sean Dyche has told the 23-year-old to enjoy playing more and the goals will come. Burnley are in the bottom three but just two points from safety. Ashley Barnes says he has forgotten about the Nemanja Matic incident.
Patient - known only as Alex S - had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in Munich. Dentist - known as K - claimed to be a'recognised healer' and said he helped'spiritual self-healing capabilities' of his patients. It is thought he believed the operation would help cure Mr S, who lived in woods and only ate raw foods. K was also ordered to pay the cost of the patient's implants. An independent report found no basis for the operation.
Jimmy Anderson will play his 100th Test on Monday in Antigua. The 32-year-old will become the leading wicket-tacker in England's history. Anderson says he wants to play Test cricket for as long as possible. He admits he could be dropped from the 50-over team after the World Cup.
Stuart Broad admits he was sorry to see Paul Downton leave his role at the ECB. Downton was sacked as ECB managing director after a dismal World Cup this year. Broad has backed Alastair Cook to score big runs during the series in the Caribbean. Jimmy Anderson will be a great achievement if he becomes England's leading wicket taker. England are third in the five-match series behind Pakistan and India.
Moeen Ali will join up with England ahead of the second Test in the West Indies. He has recovered quicker than expected from a rib injury and says he is ready to face Mitchell Johnson and Mitchell Starc in the Ashes. The left-arm spinner struggled with the short ball against Sri Lanka and India last year. Moesen says he worked on facing short deliveries during the World Cup.
Andrew Strauss has thrown his hat into the ring to become England's next director of cricket. Kevin Pietersen has rejoined Surrey for county season in bid to regain England place. Michael Vaughan is favourite to take over the role created by the sacking of Paul Downton. Strauss says the Pietersen saga is a 'distraction' for English cricket.
Arsenal beat Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League encounter at Turf Moor on Saturday. Thierry Henry hailed Francis Coquelin for his midfield display in Arsenal's win. The former Gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old midfielder 'Columbo' Coquelin was Arsenal's man of the match, according to Henry on Sky Sports' coverage.
West Ham drew 1-1 with Stoke City at Upton Park on Saturday. Aaron Cresswell had given the Hammers the lead with a superb free-kick. Marko Arnautovic equalised five minutes into stoppage time. Sam Allardyce's side remain in the top 10 despite their late slip-up.
Michael Owen was speaking on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show on Saturday. The former England striker said he didn't believe Charlie Adam's strike was worthy of Goal of the Season. Robbie Savage and Steve McManaman also chimed in to disagree with Owen's opinion. Owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for Liverpool, Real Madrid, Newcastle, Manchester United and Stoke.
Manuel Pellegrini could be sacked if he finishes outside the Champions League places this season. Manchester City have lost four of their last five Premier League games. The reigning champions have slipped from serious title challengers to fears over not finishing in the top four. Yaya Toure and Vincent Kompany have endured poor seasons. City have already talked to Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp two years ago.
Sarah Sparkman, a lawyer from Arkansas, tweeted about how female sports reporters are sexualized. Britt McHenry, a sports reporter from ESPN, was infuriated by the remark. The pair engaged in a back-and-forth on Twitter, with McHenry calling Sparkman a 'rando' The spat bore surprising similarities to McHenry's attack on a Virginia tow company clerk. She told Gina Michelle: 'I'm on TV and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' McHenry has been suspended for a week after footage emerged of the incident.
Deputy Michael Hubbard from The Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office is seen approaching the woman sitting on overpass on the I-26 in South Carolina. When the officer asks what she is doing, she turns to him and says: 'Just looking for my way out and being at peace' Hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop. Despite Hubbard's heroics, he claims he was just doing his job and is proud of his colleague's actions.
The USC women's tennis team won the PAC-12 championship on Thursday. They defeated the University of California -Los Angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win. USC now finishes the season 21 - 2 while UCLA is 18 - 4. Both teams will compete in the Pac-12 Championships next Thursday.
Officer Jeffrey Swett was allegedly run over by William Bogard in January. Swett suffered two broken arms, a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma. Bogard has pleaded not guilty to attempted murder, assault and vehicle theft. Suspect's mother said her son has schizoaffective disorder during arraignment.
Crowd tried to storm the club Tsunami in the Chilean capital Santiago. British punk band Doom were performing inside the venue at the time of the tragedy. The crush outside the club caused a structure inside the building to fall killing three. Seven people were critically injured in the crush with five others treated in hospital.
Stephen Taylor, went missing in the Solent after leaving Lee-on-Solent at 11.30am yesterday. Experienced canoeist was in touch with partner Michelle Fuller, 49, throughout the day. But when he failed to return home late in the evening she alerted police. Coastguard helicopter, rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off Hill Head. Police revealed shortly after midday today that a body had been found.
Jacob Polyakov fell off the edge of the SEC 'Globe' centre in Kiev, Ukraine. Jamal Maslow, who fell off roof first, broke his coccyx after landing on corner of steps. Witnesses rushed over to the teenagers, both 17, after the accident. Mr Polyakov was unconscious and Mr Maslow was in huge amounts of pain.
Arsenal beat Reading 1-0 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Alexis Sanchez scored the winning goal for the Gunners. Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Jason Roberts and Ian Wright fronted the BBC's coverage of the match. The BBC is lucky to retain the services of Gary Lineker. Sky Sports invested billions in the Premier League.
Fabricio Coloccini has been Newcastle's captain since 2011. John Carver is set to strip him of the armband and hand it to Daryl Janmaat in the summer. The Magpies have been let down by those appointed to lead the team this season. Coloccini was needlessly sent off during last months 3-0 defeat at Everton. Moussa Sissoko skippered the team to three defeats and was himself red carded.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Wayne Rooney says United's game plan was to exploit City's work-shy midfield. City are considering letting the likes of Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri leave in the summer. Ashley Young says United fans were the loudest he's ever heard them.
BBC commentator Guy Mowbray posted his notes on Twitter ahead of Liverpool vs Newcastle. The 43-year-old correctly predicted 19 of the 22 players who took to the field. However, he incorrectly predicted Cameron Brannagan would make his first Liverpool start. Liverpool beat Newcastle 2-0 at Anfield in the Premier League on Monday night.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on Sunday. He celebrated by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne on the podium. Leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the driver's actions. Roz Hardie said he should apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Nathaniel Clyne has started England's last four matches at right-back. The Southampton defender has been linked with a move to Chelsea and Manchester United. But the 24-year-old insists he wants to play Champions League football next season. Clyne attended a Football Fighting Ebola fundraising event in London on Monday night. Click here for more England news.
Spider crabs migrate once a year in the Port Phillip Bay area in Southern Victoria, piling on top of each other to create a moving mound. The creatures were found at Blairgowrie Pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at Rye Pier in a few weeks time. Full migration is expected to occur in two to five weeks when the water temperature will drop to 14 degrees Celsius.
Raheem Sterling has been pictured with a shisha pipe twice in the last week. Brendan Rodgers has met with Sterling to remind him of his role as a role model. Sterling was criticised by Rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide. Liverpool insist the case is now closed and Sterling has not been fined. Jordon Ibe has also been warned after being pictured with the pipe with Sterling.
Tom Ince scored twice in front of his dad as Derby twice came from behind to draw 4-4 at Huddersfield. The on-loan Hull City midfielder scored two long-range efforts for the visitors. Derby were 1-0 up, 3-1 down and 4-3 behind in an amazing game which also saw three goals ruled out. Mark Hudson, Reece James, Simon Dawkins and Jesse Lingard scored for the Terriers.
Carlos Tevez opened the scoring for Juventus in the 17th minute. Leonardo Bonucci doubled the lead in the second half with his 26th goal of the season. Lazio's run of six consecutive victories in Serie A has come to an end. Sampdoria held to a goalless draw by Cesena to take a share of fourth place.
Ashley Young is willing to take a pay cut in his basic salary to prolong his stay at Manchester United. The 29-year-old has revived his career in recent months under Louis van Gaal. Young has been instrumental in United's six game winning run. He is now being touted for a return to the England set-up.
Pep Guardiola craves stability and chooses his clubs on such assurances. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich believed he'd landed Guardiola in the summer of 2012. But the then-Barcelona coach was spooked by the Russian's habit of hiring and firing managers. Guardiola opted to join Bayern Munich instead and has led them to dominance in the Bundesliga. Manuel Pellegrini's position at Manchester City is under threat as they fight for fourth place.
Vincent Kompany was substituted in the 4-2 Manchester derby defeat at Old Trafford. Manuel Pellegrini says he does not feel under pressure despite mounting pressure. Bundesliga managers Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola have been linked with a move to the Etihad. Stevan Jovetic and Wilfried Bony are also expected to miss Sunday's game.
Nico Rosberg feels he may have handed Lewis Hamilton a psychological advantage. The German complained about his Mercedes team-mate's slow driving after the Chinese Grand Prix. Hamilton won the race but Rosberg felt he should have been more aggressive. Damon Hill believes Rosberg shot himself in the foot by publicly airing his grievances.
Manchester United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday. Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have been friends since working together at Barcelona. Gary Neville believes Louis van Gaal's greatest achievement as a manager is the making of Jose Mourinho. Phil Jones, Michael Carrick, Daley Blind and Marcos Rojo will all be out for United. Maroune Fellaini will be available for the trip to Stamford Bridge. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Manuel Pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed in Yaya Toure. Sportsmail revealed City would listen to offers for the Ivorian midfielder in the summer. Toure has come in for criticism amid the collapse of Citys Premier League defence. City face West Ham without captain Vincent Kompany who is out with a muscle injury.
Roma failed to make the most of Lazio's defeat to league leaders Juventus. Roma drew 1-1 with relegation-threatened Atalanta at the Stadio Olimpico. Francesco Totti gave Roma the lead from the penalty spot after three minutes. Atalanta captain Denis equalised with a penalty of their own.
Firefighters in Boise, Idaho, thought they were chasing human voices when they found the birds. The tropical creatures appeared to have been alone when flames swept the property. Both were pulled from the home and given oxygen and are expected to survive. Officials have yet to track down the birds' owners.
Jose Callejon opened the scoring for Napoli with a neat one-on-one finish. Antonio Balzano's own-goal doubled Napoli's advantage before Manolo Gabbiadini scored a third. The win leaves Napoli in fourth place in Serie A, three points clear of Sampdoria in fifth. Catania's ninth defeat since January leaves them nine points away from safety.
Karim Benzema limped out of training with a knee injury on Friday. The Frenchman picked up the injury in Real Madrid's 0-0 draw at Atletico Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti has confirmed that Benzema will miss Saturday's La Liga match against Malaga. Isco is likely to start in central playmaking role alongside James Rodriguez. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
YouTube user Elman511 cracked open an over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens. He exclaimed: The big egg has another normal egg in it! While the instance is extremely rare, its caused when the hen is in the process of forming an egg in her oviduct and another oocyte  the ovum or egg cell that becomes the yolk of the egg  is released too soon. The unusual occurrence is called a counter-peristalsis contraction. This is when a second oocyte (yolk) is released by
Surveillance footage from Philadelphia's 15th Street Station shows a man lose his balance and fall onto the tracks at 6.40pm on Wednesday. But almost instantaneously, a man in an Eagles jacket runs over and throws himself on the tracks to save him. Bystanders jump back in shock, but the Good Samaritan pushes him to safety. Both men are expected to survive.
The month-old cubs were captured on video sitting before press and public at Leningrad Zoo in Saint Petersburg. The two young cats have both reached an ideal weight of 3kg and their teeth have already started to grow. They are featured in the video away from their parents, and their father will not be involved in the upbringing of the cubs. Jaguars are solitary animals and only see each other while mating.
A Qantas jet bound for Perth was forced to turn back to Sydney Airport after a safety light turned on mid-air. The Airbus A330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm. Engineers are inspecting the aircraft. Passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart Sunday afternoon.
Eric Carter, 21, and Stephanie McCassin, 24, charged with endangering the welfare of a child after allegedly overdosing on heroin while giving their 3-year-old son a bath. The child's grandmother and primary caretaker, Mary MacDonald, reported finding the child in the tub, with the parents passed out on Dec. 4. Carter and McCassin were taken to a hospital, where they were treated for an apparent heroin overdose.
Footage captured by Rumble user Sean C shows Bourbon the Doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose. At one point the youngster can barely breathe as his whole face is given a slobbery wash. 'Bourbon easy! Off!' a man filming the scene is heard yelling.
Gareth Bale went off injured after less than five minutes against Malaga. The Welsh forward faces a race to be fit for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Bale has not been injured since October of last year when a hip problem kept him out for three weeks. Real Madrid beat Malaga 3-1 at the Bernabeu on Saturday.
HM Passport Office struggled to cope with 3.6 million Britons applying for documents. By mid-June there were more than half a million passports stuck in the system. Ministers agreed to give urgent cases a free upgrade to the fast-track service. Thousands had already paid the extra £30 per passport for this. Many still missed trips because their passports did not arrive in time. Home Affairs Committee chairman Keith Vaz led the calls for compensation.
Manchester United are said to be keeping a close eye on Atletico Madrid defender Miranda. The Brazilian centre back has been linked with a move to Old Trafford. Louis van Gaal is keen on strengthening his defence ahead of the 2015-16 campaign. Miranda has revealed he is 'proud' to be linked with Manchester United. But the 30-year-old insists he is keen to see out the remainder of his contract at Atletico.
Clyde balances on his pal's back with his front hooves planted firmly on his back. His horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves. The unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in Camp Verde, Arizona. Their owner says that 'fat' Clyde was nibbling up pecan leaves, a delicacy among goats.
Jack Wilshere and Jordan Henderson are surprise targets for Manchester City. The Premier League champions know they need more English players in their starting line-up. City also maintain an interest in Liverpools unsettled England forward Raheem Sterling. Frank Lampard is set to leave and James Milner is likely to follow him out of the Etihad. Not all of City's targets will be English, with the club willing to use France star Samir Nasri and Bosnia forward Edin Dzeko as bait in a deal to sign Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Pedro could join Liverpool if Raheem Sterling leaves Anfield this summer. The 27-year-old would command wages of £90,000-a-week - £10,000 less than Sterling. Brendan Rodgers has scouted Pedro and could make a move for the Spain international. Sterling has attracted interest from Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid and Bayern Munich. Click here for more transfer news.
The problem affects the 2005 to 2008 models of the Mini Cooper and Cooper S. The air bag may not work properly because of a problem with the mat detection system. Only one person has been injured so far as a result of the defect. BMW estimates that ten per cent of the cars being recalled actually have the mat problem.
Chelsea are favourites to sign Brazilian starlet Kenedy from Fluminense. The 19-year-old has been linked with a number of top European clubs including Manchester United and Barcelona. Kenedy has represented Brazil at Under 17 and Under 20 level and is highly-rated by the national side.
Kimberly Dianne Richardson, 25, was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of Sunday. Her baby, a girl, survived and is being cared for at WakeMed hospital. Daniel Steele was arrested at his home in Raleigh and has been charged with murder. Richardson was a jewelry consultant who was six months pregnant.
Mats Hummels has been linked with a move to Manchester United in recent seasons. The Germany defender has admitted he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. Franz Beckenbauer believes the 26-year-old is at the right age to move to England. Hummels said he is'reflecting' after Dortmund's defeat by Bayern Munich.
Manchester United striker Robin van Persie has been out injured for six weeks. The Dutchman has scored 10 goals for United this season but his performances have been poor. Juventus and Inter Milan are interested in signing Van Persie in the summer. Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Barcelona are also in the market for a striker. Radamel Falcao is expected to leave United at the end of his loan spell at Old Trafford.
Yaya Toure will be offered a new contract by Manchester City in the summer. Inter Milan are prepared to offer the midfielder a five-year contract. Roberto Mancini is keen on bringing Toure to the San Siro. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Mats Hummels admits he is considering his future at Borussia Dortmund. The Germany defender has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Hummels has two years left to run on his contract with the Bundesliga club. Manchester United were reportedly willing to offer up to £30million for his services. Click here for more transfer news.
Arsenal are in advanced talks with Velez Sarsfield over a £4.5million swoop for Maxi Romero. The 16-year-old sensation has been dubbed the next Lionel Messi. Arsene Wenger met with Romero's agent twice in London to discuss the deal. Velez president Raul Gamez confirmed the Gunners have made a 'big offer'
Shay Given will start for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. The 38-year-old was dropped by Ruud Gullit for the 1999 FA Cup final between Newcastle and Manchester United. Given has played every round of the competition, beginning under Paul Lambert, and made key saves along the way. Villa boss Tim Sherwood confirmed Given will keep his Cup place on Sunday.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Steven Gerrard is set to start after serving a three-match suspension for red card against Man United. The 34-year-old will end his association with Liverpool at the end of the season. Gerrard has not lifted a trophy at Wembley since the League Cup in 2012. Brendan Rodgers praised Gerrard, describing him as 'a special player'
Sean Dyche insists his Burnley players won't dive or cheat to prosper under him. The Clarets are second from bottom of the Premier League with six games to play. Dyche was told by another manager to 'get with the times' and instruct his players to seek out decisions. Burnley boss wants retrospective punishment extended to cover blatant acts of simulation.
Australian surfer Josh Kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he flipped head first into the reef. The 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious 'Box' - a right hand barrel at Margaret River's main break. Adam Melling, Owen Wright and John John Florence also succumbed to the powerful break with extraordinary crashes. Thousands of spectators watched as the reigning world champion, Brazilian Gabriel Medina lost to local wildcard Jay Davies in an enormous upset.
Angel di Maria was sent off against Arsenal in the FA Cup in March. The red card forced Louis van Gaal to change his starting line-up at Old Trafford. Manchester United have picked up 25 points from their last 10 games in all competitions. Paul Scholes says United's good run of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for.
Calum Chambers signed for Arsenal from Southampton for £16million last summer. The 20-year-old has made 36 appearances for the Gunners so far this season. Chambers has been deployed at centre back, right back and in holding midfield. Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table after a recent run of form.
Aston Villa host Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Tim Sherwood has been a fan of Raheem Sterling since he was a 14-year-old. The Villa boss tried to sign Sterling for Tottenham's academy as a schoolboy. Steven Gerrard could return for the Reds after serving a three-match ban. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Jose Mourinho claims it is easier to manage Manchester United than Chelsea. Mourinho has been forced to sell players to balance the books at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday night. Louis van Gaal will be without four players for the trip to the Etihad Stadium.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. Filmmaker Paul Soriano spent two years researching the film based on conversations with the Filipino boxer. 'Kid Kulafu' charts the 36-year-old's rise from humble beginnings to the boxing ring. The film opened in Philippine cinemas on Wednesday and will be shown in selected US and Canadian cinemas later this month.
Rafael Nadal beat Lucas Pouille 6-2, 6-1 in the Monte Carlo Masters. Nadal is an eight-time champion at Monte Carlo but hasn't won since 2012. The world No 5 will face either John Isner or Viktor Troicki in the third round.
Milos Raonic and Nick Kyrgios will make their debut at Queen's Club. Raonic lost to Roger Federer in last year's Wimbledon semi-final. Kyrgios beat two-time champion Rafael Nadal in the fourth round.
Jordan Spieth became the first player to reach 19 under par at Augusta National. The 21-year-old also became the second youngest champion behind Tiger Woods. Spieth admitted he would probably sleep in the green jacket after claiming his first major title. Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson were second and third in their respective groups.
Felipe Massa believes he has silenced his critics following storming start to the new Formula One season. Williams head of vehicle performance Rob Smedley claimed earlier this week he was seeing the best of the Brazilian in their nine years working together. Massa finished 5th at the Shanghai Grand Prix last week and currently sits 4th in the standings.
Novak Djokovic beat Albert Ramos-Vinolas 6-1 6-4. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Jan-Lennard Struff in straight sets in Monte Carlo. Grigor Dmitrov beat Fernando Verdasco and Gael Monfils beat Andrey Kuznetsov. Jeremy Chardy will face Roger Federer in the third round on Wednesday.
Prize money at the French Open has been increased by three million euros to over 28 million euros. The singles champions will each receive 1.8m euros (£1.3m), around 150,000 euros more than Rafael Nadal and Maria Sharapova picked up last year. However the tournament remains the Grand Slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion, lagging behind the Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open.
Leighton Aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back Grand Nationals when Many Clouds galloped to a famous victory in the Aintree sunshine. The 25-1 shot, who was sixth in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, is the first Hennessy Gold Cup winner to land the prestigious prize. In the process he ended his trainer Oliver Sherwoods wretched record in the race. Sherwood had previously saddled four National runners and non of them had even completed the course prior to his eight-year-old's hard-fought
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne directly at Liu Siying after winning Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing as the British driver aimed the bubbly at her face. Campaign group Object called on Hamilton to apologise for his'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour. But Siying said she was just doing her job and wasn't annoyed by the incident. She said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and thats what I did' It's not the first time the racing ace has sprayed a grid girl with bubbly.
Mikel Arteta is out of contract in the summer and expected to agree a 12-month extension. The 33-year-old Spaniard is set to miss Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Reading at Wembley as he recovers from a minor ankle problem. Arsene Wenger is keen to retain the services of his captain. Arteta believes Arsenal can sustain their challenge for the title.
Sportsmail's Sam Turner and Townend cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race. Will AP McCoy's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite Shutthefrontdoor? 70,000 spectators at Aintree could raise the roof and wipe out the bookies.
Lewis Hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl after the Chinese Grand Prix was 'a fun thing' The Mercedes driver was criticised by an anti-sexism group for his actions. Hamilton says he was just acting on his excitement after winning the race in Shanghai. Liu Siying says 'I did not think too much about it at all' after the incident.
AP McCoy has won the Grand National title every year since 1997. McCoy will retire immediately if his mount Shutthefrontdoor wins on Saturday. The 40-year-old jockey won the famous race on Dont Push It in 2010.
Alex Hales has nine England caps to date, since his debut against India last August. Hales has played in only five of England's subsequent 18 matches. The 26-year-old is hoping for more continuity when England resume their ODI schedule this summer. 'I don't feel like I've had a proper crack at it yet,' he says.
Billy Vunipola was cited for striking Leicester's Mathew Tait with his head. The incident occurred during Saracens' 22-6 win at Allianz Park on Saturday. Vunipolas case will be heard by a three-man disciplinary panel on Tuesday. Leicester centre Vereniki Goneva has also been cited but has chosen not to attend.
Nathan Charles has spoken out about his battle with cystic fibrosis. The 26-year-old has earned four caps for Australia and is hoping to make the World Cup squad later this year. He took part in a promotional video as part of Nutri Grain's #Unstoppable campaign. Charles says he will not let his condition define him and wants to be defined by his abilities on the field.
Scotland international centre Matt Scott has been ruled out until at least the end of the season. The 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for Septembers World Cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year. Scott hasnt played since picking up his latest injury on Scotland duty against Ireland in the final game of the Six Nations last month. Edinburgh play Newport Gwent Dragons at BT Murrayfield on Friday.
Daniil Kvyat's Red Bull and the Toro Rosso of Max Verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure in China. Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz warned Renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of Formula One. Renault managing director Cyril Abiteboul has boldly declared to Red Bull team principal Christian Horner his aim that come late May there will be no further engine issues.
Gary Ballance scored 122 as England took control of the first Test in Antigua. It was his fourth century in nine Tests for England and his place in the side is safe. West Indies need to win by an incredible 438 runs to win the Test. Ballance said it was a'very good day, pretty much perfect' for England.
Gary Ballance's hundred against West Indies looks to have closed the door on an England return for Kevin Pietersen in the near future. Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root surely all now secure in the middle order for the summer. Andrew Flintoff believes Pietersen is now running out of time to resurrect his Test career.
Bangladeshi politician Kamal resigned after voicing his disquiet at umpiring decisions in his country's World Cup quarter-final defeat against India. Kamal's remarks were described at the time as 'unfortunate' by ICC chief executive David Richardson. There will be no immediate replacement for Kamal in role which is largely ceremonial.
Anthony Davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as New Orleans Pelicans beat San Antonio Spurs 108-103 to reach NBA play-offs. Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook scored 37 points in Thunder's 138-113 victory over Minnesota Timberwolves. Brooklyn Nets clinched the final Eastern Conference playoff spot after beating Orlando Magic 101-88. Memphis Grizzlies knocked out Indiana Pacers 95-83 to end their playoff hopes. Golden State Warriors beat Denver Nuggets 133-126.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 after extra time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez scored both goals, the second via a howler from Adam Federici. Federici left the field in tears after fumbling Sanchez's shot through his legs and over the line. Ramsey: 'I've felt the experience of losing in a final and it's not a nice feeling'
England ended the day in a strong position, but its worth bearing in mind what happened in Antigua in 2009. Like Thursday, England declared just before tea, leaving West Indies a hefty target (503) Jos Buttler was left with a nasty bruise but was fine to carry on. Eoin Morgan and Ravi Bopara were in action for Sunrisers Hyderabad as they lost to Rajasthan Royals.
Ryan Bertrand was the fifth left back called up to Roy Hodgson's England squad last month. The 25-year-old believes he deserves to be higher up the pecking order. Bertrand moved to Southampton from Chelsea on loan in January after impressing on loan.
Southampton are five points behind Manchester City in the Premier League. Ronald Koeman's side beat Hull 2-0 at St Mary's on Saturday to stay in the hunt. The Saints boss believes his side must win their final six games to have a chance of finishing in the top four. Saints travel to the Etihad on the final day of the season.
Moha El Ouriachi is set to join Stoke City, according to the player's agent. Stoke have already signed Bojan Krkic and Muniesa from Barcelona in the last two years. The 19-year-old Moroccan winger is keen to seek first-team football at the Britannia Stadium. Potters have agreed to pay the necessary training compensation to bring the winger.
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick against Sunderland last week. Alan Pardew is demanding more than £20m for his star to leave the club. Crystal Palace host West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Crystal Palace news.
Southampton host Hull City at St Mary's Stadium (Saturday 3pm) Steven Davis could return to the Southampton side after recovering from an ankle injury. Allan McGregor could be rested by Steve Bruce for the Tigers. Tom Huddlestone returns from suspension but David Meyler is out after red card last week. Gaston Ramirez and Nikica Jelavic are also both unavailable for Steve Bruce's side.
Harry Kane has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year award. Mauricio Pochettino says the Tottenham striker deserves to win for his impact on English football. Eden Hazard is favourite to win the accolade after an excellent season for Chelsea. Kane has scored 29 goals in all competitions for Spurs this season.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick in Celtic's 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Wednesday. The 24-year-old came off the bench to spark Celtic into life after a poor first-half. Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday.
Winston Reid signed a new six-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham United last month. New Zealand international ended speculation about his future after being linked with Arsenal and Tottenham. The 26-year-old believes the east London club will become a'very big one' West Ham United are set to move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016-17.
Sam Allardyce's West Ham take on Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Hammers are in 10th place in the Premier League after a poor run of form. Manuel Pellegrini's side have slipped down into fourth place, well adrift of leaders Chelsea. West Ham will be without Diafra Sakho, who has a thigh strain, but Enner Valencia will return.
Rangers are four points ahead of Hibernian in the Scottish Championship. Stuart McCall's side drew 1-1 with Livingston at Hampden Park last week. Hibernian can close the gap with a win against Livingston on Wednesday. Rangers boss McCall will be wearing a Livingston scarf for the match in Glasgow.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Lucas Leiva has played more games for Liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years. The Brazilian missed the 2012 League Cup final and two other Wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against Chelsea the previous November. Sunday will mark Steven Gerrards 36th, and possibly last, appearance at Wembley.
Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham promises to get tough on the Premier League. He accuses David Cameron of failing to live up to his promise to invest in grassroots. The league puts £168million into grassroots sport but this is only a fraction of the £5billion it has taken in from lucrative TV deals between 2013 and 2016. Mr Burnham said the move could unlock £400 million for the next parliament.
Jonny Howson opened the scoring for Norwich on his return to Elland Road. Graham Dorrans missed a late penalty but made up for it with a late strike. Norwich are now one point clear of Middlesbrough in the Championship table. Alex Neil's side have won their last five games in all competitions.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Simon Mignolet insists he cannot choose between winning the cup and a top four finish. Reds keeper has been in fine form since returning to the team on Boxing Day. He will be tasked with stopping Belgium team-mate Christian Benteke at Anfield.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Jose Mourinho's side are 11 points clear at the top of the table ahead of the game. Manuel Pellegrini's Manchester City have lost six of their last eight games. Mourinho has spoken out in defence of his under pressure colleague. The Chelsea boss said the City boss had been treated like a 'criminal'
Jurgen Klopp has confirmed he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The highly rated coach has been linked with a number of Premier League clubs. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists Klopp is not coming to Stamford Bridge. Per Mertesacker has backed Klopp to be a success in the Premier League. Click here to read 10 key questions ahead of Manchester United vs Chelsea.
Celtic beat Kilmarnock 3-2 at Parkhead on Wednesday night. Substitute Leigh Griffiths scored a hat-trick to move eight points clear. Ronny Deila said Griffiths should be an example to any player left out of his starting XI. Griffiths is expected to start in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-2 in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Ricardo Quaresma, Jackson Martinez and Thiago Alcantara scored for Porto. Pep Guardiola says Bayern suffered with injuries to key players. Porto boss Julen Lopetegui says his side can now dream of reaching the semi-finals.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the Premier League on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side have won three of their last four games in all competitions. The Red Devils are now on course to finish in the top four for the first time this season. Here are five things Van Gaal has changed since taking over at Old Trafford. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Emmanuel Adebayor posted a video of himself performing a strange jig in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris on Instagram. The Togo international has only one year left to run on his current contract at Tottenham and could leave the club this summer. He joined Spurs from Manchester City in 2011 but has fallen down the pecking order at White Hart Lane.
Thousands of twaite shad have washed up on the banks of the Rodrigo de Freitas lake. The lake is scheduled to hold the Brazil 2016 Olympics rowing and canoeing competitions. Neighbors have complained about the stench coming from the water. Rio's water quality has become a contentious topic ahead of the games.
Lazio have won eight games in a row in Serie A and sit second in the table. They face league leaders Juventus on Saturday and will cut the gap to nine points. Juventus are unbeaten at home this season, but Lazio are unbeaten away from home. Roma have won just two of their last eight league games to fall to third in the standings. Both Inter and AC Milan are struggling for form ahead of this weekend's derby.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in their Premier League clash. Chris Smalling scored the fourth goal of the game in the fourth minute of stoppage time. Smalling has now scored the same amount of league goals as Danny Welbeck this season. United are now eight points behind leaders Chelsea, who they face on Saturday. They also face Arsenal in their penultimate league game of the season.
Liverpool are seven points behind Manchester City but have a game in hand. The Reds face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers will be hoping his side can finish in the top four and win the FA Cup. If they can beat the Magpies and see off Aston Villa at Wembley, they will have a good chance of winning the trophy. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Mamadou Sakho limped off during Liverpool's FA Cup quarter-final victory against Blackburn Rovers on Wednesday. The French centre-back is set to miss the FA Cup semi-final showdown with Aston Villa at Wembley on April 19. Sakho will also miss the forthcoming Premier League games against West Brom, Hull and QPR, but the club are hopeful he will return in time to face Chelsea on May 10.
Riders breached safety barrier seconds before high speed train hurtled through. One rider was even clipped by the barrier as it came down in the 'Hell of the North' race. French state railway company SNCF have demanded police action against the riders. The last of the riders went through the barrier eight seconds before the train arrived. Normally riders who go through a closed railway crossing are disqualified.
Jordon Ibe is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The 19-year-old has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against Besiktas. Brendan Rodgers says Ibe has looked 'absolutely sensational' in recent weeks. Liverpool face Newcastle at Anfield on Monday night in the Premier League.
Kimi Raikkonen finished fourth at the Chinese Grand Prix on Sunday. The Finn is confident Ferrari can challenge for the title this season. Ferrari have proved more competitive in the first three races of the season than last year. Sebastian Vettel finished on the podium for the third time this season in Shanghai.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby. Mario Balotelli tweeted his delight after Sergio Aguero opened the scoring after eight minutes. But the defeat for City is actually good news for his current club Liverpool. Balotelli and his Liverpool team-mates face Newcastle United on Monday night.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao has revealed the mouth guard he will use in the fight. The Filipino boxer is looking to inflict a first ever career defeat on Mayweather. Mayweather is favourite with the bookmakers ahead of the bout. Click here for more boxing news.
Danny Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. Manchester United are favourites to sign the Burnley striker this summer. Ings impressed Louis van Gaal when he scored against United at Old Trafford. Liverpool were prepared to exploit a loophole to guarantee a transfer in the summer.
Carlton Cole and Nathaniel Clyne attended the 'Football Fighting Ebola' event. The event was a fundraising reception for the charity, which was founded by Cole and Godfrey Torto. QPR winger Shaun Wright-Phillips, Matt Phillips and Layla Anne-Lee were also at the event.
Manny Pacquiao trains on the streets of Los Angeles ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. Filipino boxer was joined by several fitness fanatics as he jogged in Griffith Park. Pacquiao will take on Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The 36-year-old has revealed the multicoloured mouthpiece he will wear during the bout.
Manchester City women's players Toni Duggan and Isobel Christiansen were snapped with Louis van Gaal at Wing's restaurant on Sunday night. Duggan later removed the photo from Instagram and issued an apology on Facebook. Manchester United manager Van Gaal was joined by Everton's Michelle Hinnigan and his wife Truus at the five-star Chinese restaurant in the city centre. Wing's is the go-to place for footballers in Manchester, with Wayne Rooney among its regulars. United beat City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday to move four points clear in Premier League.
David Villa was invited to ring the opening bell for the New York Stock Exchange. The 33-year-old joined the MLS outfit New York City FC this season. Villa's former clubs include Atletico Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia. He has so far scored one goal in two appearances for the newly formed MLS outfit.
Manuel Pellegrini deserves more time to turn Manchester City's fortunes around, says Stuart Pearce. The 61-year-old believes the club will have a 'good look' at themselves in the summer. Pearce blames City's poor run of form on the fading influence of Yaya Toure. Manchester City lost 2-0 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Ben Flower did not believe he deserved the standing ovation which greeted his return from suspension on Thursday night. The Wigan forward punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia in the opening moments of last season's Grand Final, earning a six-month ban. Flower came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of Thursday's match against Warrington.
Rafa Benitez is an excellent cup manager, as proven by Napoli's win over Wolfsburg. He guided Liverpool to the Champions League in 2005 and won the FA Cup in 2006. However, he has won no league titles since leaving Valencia in 2003. Benitez will always be remembered as a cup specialist, but is unlikely to return to England. Liverpool are on the right track under Brendan Rodgers, even if we miss out on the Champions Leagues.
Ayoze Perez was brought down by Dejan Lovren in the box in the 38th minute. Referee Lee Mason did not award a penalty despite replays clearly showing the defender bringing the Spaniard down and not making any contact with the ball. Newcastle were beaten 2-0 by Liverpool at Anfield on Monday night. Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence in the second half. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. Peter Houston goaded his rival Alan Stubbs after the game. Houston said Stubbs should be examining his side's tactical failings.
Ben Gibson is dreaming of a return to the Premier League for his boyhood club. His uncle, Steve Gibson, has overseen some of the most significant moments in Middlesbrough's history. The 22-year-old defender is hoping to steer his uncle's club back towards the big time. Boro face Norwich City in the Championship on Friday night. Gibson labels it the biggest match in the club's history, and the chance to win promotion.
Middlesbrough were top on Good Friday but are now fourth in the Championship. Two points separate four teams, with four games remaining. Drops would mean they would drop out of the play-off race. Bournemouth travel to Reading, while Norwich are the division's form team.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at the Selhurst Park on Saturday. James Morrison and Craig Gardner scored for the Baggies. Tony Pulis' side are now eight points clear of the relegation zone. Gardner said the win was'massive' for the newly-promoted side.
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford after just four minutes. Defender Matthew Connolly doubled the Hornets' lead in the 41st minute. Gary Gardner pulled one back for Nottingham Forest with 20 minutes to play. Kelvin Wilson was shown a straight red card for a foul on Adiene Guedioura. Almen Abdi made certain of the points in the 87th minute.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-1 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United. Sergio Aguero scored for the Premier League champions. Louis van Gaal's side now just one point adrift of leaders Arsenal in second place.
Ryan Dearnley won the chance to walk out at Wembley as a mascot for Reading. The 10-year-old Huddersfield Town fan said he hoped Arsenal beat Reading in a video. Video sparked outrage from Royals fans who felt he should not walk out for The Royals. Ryan was offered tickets to watch the semi-final in the Arsenal end but turned them down.
Albert Adomah opened the scoring for Middlesbrough in the ninth minute. Norwich's Alex Tettey headed in an own goal in the eighth minute to hand Boro victory. Aitor Karanka's side are now two points clear at the top of the Championship. Middlesbrough boss Karanka says his players deserve to be in the Premier League.
Sven Goran Eriksson was the last manager at Manchester City before the club was taken over by Abu Dhabi billionaire Sheikh Mansour and his family. Almost £1billion has been spent in an attempt to turn City into a major force in Europe since the Mansour family took over in 2008. They have twice won the Premier League title since then and are current champions. But they are out of Europe, lost in the FA Cup to Middlesborough and have lost their last two league games.
Yaya Toure, Sergio Aguero, Martin Demichelis and Eliaquim Mangala all wore gloves. Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for visitors. Gary Neville described Toure as a 'weed' in Manuel Pellegrini's garden after derby loss.
Yaya Toure will not be forced out of Manchester City, but the club are set to make the midfielder available this summer. Sportsmail revealed earlier this week that the Premier League champions will listen to offers for the Ivorian. Toure has more than two years left on his current £220,000-a-week deal and is unlikely to move for anything less. City will resist any attempt by Valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for Alvaro Negredo to fund a move for Radamel Falcao.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. The 47-year-old will leave the Bundesliga club at the end of the season. Manuel Pellegrini could be on his way out at Manchester City. Dietmar Hamann believes Klopp has'more right to take over the job than Pelleglini ever had' Klopp won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup during his seven years.
There are no British teams in the quarter finals of the Champions League. Paul Scholes does not believe there is a British manager who can turn that around. Ryan Giggs could lead Manchester United into the latter stages of Europes premier club competition if he is given the chance to succeed Louis van Gaal. Scholes believes Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp would be a welcome addition to the Premier League.
Craig Cathcart scored the only goal of the game in the 56th minute. Watford are now top of the Championship with just two games to play. Matt Ritchie had put Bournemouth ahead against Sheffield Wednesday. Chris Maguire's stoppage-time penalty denied the Cherries top spot.
Luis Suarez scored a double as Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at Parc des Princes on Wednesday. Luiz was brought on as a substitute after 21 minutes with a hamstring injury. The former Chelsea defender was nutmegged twice by the Uruguayan. Internet had a field day with jokes about Luis Suarez's audacious nutmegging.
Manuel Pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around, says Gary Neville. The former Manchester United defender has been critical of the Chilean in recent weeks. Neville says keeping faith in Pellegerini would bring stability to the Etihad Stadium. City are fourth in the Premier League, 12 points adrift of leaders Chelsea after two straight losses.
Huddersfield Giants have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the Easter holiday period. The Giants go into Sunday's home game against Catalans Dragons with the best defensive record in the league. Coach Paul Anderson is hoping to kick-start his side's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence.
Roberto Martinez says Antolin Alcaraz and Sylvain Distin could get new deals. Both centre-backs' current deals expire at the end of the season. Distin has played more for the Under 21s in the last month than the first team. Alcaraz has more of a chance of securing a short-term extension as Martinez looks to strengthen and restructure his defence in the summer.
Romelu Lukaku is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury. Roberto Martinez believes he would have a difficult time trying to convince Lukaku to take it easy. Belgium international is Everton's leading scorer this season with 18 goals. Martinez believes Lukaku has shown he can shoulder the burden which comes with his £28million price tag.
Centurions twice came from behind to beat the Red Devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at Leigh Sports Village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches. Paul Rowley's men trailed 6-0 and 18-12 to their Super League visitors, who were badly hit by injuries and indebted to a superb performance from French half-back Theo Fages.
United Arab Emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup. The sport is in its infancy in the Middle East. But the country's government is keen to boost the nation's international profile. Rugby League International Federation board has said expressions of interest will be sought by the first quarter of 2015.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place. The Dutch manager said it is a great time to be a Manchester United fan right now. Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the Etihad.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their cross-town rivals. Manchester City have gone from joint top to 12 points off the leaders. Here are five things we learned from the Manchester derby. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Alex Hales and Chris Woakes believe England's players aren't playing enough Twenty20 cricket. England were dumped out of the World Cup in the group stages by Australia and New Zealand. Hales and Woakes want England to adopt more of a franchise system. The Natwest T20 Blast starts on May 15 at Edgbaston.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in Sunday's derby at Old Trafford. Manuel Pellegrini's side are now four points behind their cross-city rivals. Yaya Toure's defensive lapses are costing the club, says Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville. Graeme Souness and Niall Quinn also joined the chorus of criticism of the Ivorian. Jamie Carragher said the fallen champions are 'gone' after the derby loss.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since he was sacked 14 months ago. Andrew Flintoff says time is running out for Pietersen to resurrect his Test career. Former England star says Alastair Cook is so important to England despite poor showing in first Test against West Indies. Flintoff is optimistic about this summer's Natwest T20 Blast despite winter woes.
Andrew Flintoff has called on English cricketing public to show their love for the NatWest T20 Blast. Flintoff has thrown his support behind under-pressure England captain Alastair Cook. Cook has endured a difficult start to the Test series against the West Indies. The 37-year-old was speaking at the launch of the tournament at Edgbaston.
Michael Vaughan has been heavily linked with the newly created role of Director of England cricket. Alastair Cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the One Day captaincy at the end of last year. Vaughan is currently in the West Indies working as part of the BBC's commentary team. The former England skipper praised Cook moments before he lost his wicket.
Bayern Munich travel to Porto for Champions League quarter-final first leg. Bastian Schweinsteiger and Franck Ribery are both out injured for the Bavarians. Medhi Benatia, David Alaba, Javi Martinez and Arjen Robben have also been ruled out. Bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga and through to German Cup semi-finals.
England captain Alastair Cook is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him. There has been so much happening, from the demise of Paul Downton, to speculation surrounding the new director of cricket and the ever-present spectre of Kevin Pietersen, that the imminent first Test has barely registered. Yet Cook knows that he, and coach Peter Moores, can afford no slip-ups in what should be the least taxing assignment of Englands ridiculous schedule of 17 Tests in the next nine months. Cook has seemed relaxed in his first week in the Caribbean
James Anderson will earn his 100th Test cap on Monday when England take on the West Indies at the Antiguan ground that bears Richards' name. Sir Vivian Richards believes Anderson will be remembered as an England great. Anderson needs just three wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham as England's top Test wicket taker. Four wickets would take him past Botham's national record of 383 Test wickets.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday. The result leaves Manuel Pellegrini's job in even more jeopardy at the Etihad Stadium. City have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. Patrick Vieira is in charge of Citys Under-21 development squad and is being groomed to become the manager at the club in the future.
Raheem Sterling is a primary target for Manchester City this summer. The Reds forward is valued at around £50million by the Premier League champions. City plan to make a formal offer for Sterling at the earliest possible opportunity. Liverpool are likely to demand a straight cash fee for the England international.
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Wayne Rooney gave his team-mates a pre-match team talk before the game. Daley Blind has urged United to focus on their next Premier League match against Chelsea. The 25-year-old has played a key role in United's run of six consecutive wins.
Bayern Munich host Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Pep Guardiola's side also face FC Porto in the Champions League quarter final on Wednesday. Defender Mehdi Benatia is out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger, David Alaba and Javi Martinez also out. Bayern need four more wins to secure the Bundesliga title.
Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored for United. Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao were left on the bench by Louis van Gaal. Manchester City have lost four and won two of their last six Premier League games. Manuel Pellegrini's side have won just 18 points from 13 games this season.
James Anderson plays his 100th Test match in Antigua against the West Indies on Monday. He needs just three wickets to equal Sir Ian Botham's England record haul of 383. Anderson was known as Pro Killer during his days with Burnley, reveals former team-mate and now club chairman Michael Brown. Warren Hegg: 'He wouldnt say boo to a goose but bowled like the speed of light with the funniest action' Mike Watkinson: 'We sat down with coach Mike Watkinson and tried to work out how to set fields that were both attacking and
Kevin Pietersen scored his first hundred for Surrey since Old Trafford in August 2013. The 34-year-old hit 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months. Pietersen said incoming ECB chairman Colin Graves has told him everyone has a 'clean slate' England meet West Indies in Antigua on Monday, and comparisons will be inevitable.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final second leg at Wembley. Brendan Rodgers admitted his side's big-game mentality must improve. Liverpool have not won a trophy in their first three seasons in charge of the club. The Reds have a game in hand over Manchester City in the Premier League.
Obbi Oulare scored as Club Brugge beat Anderlecht on Sunday. Scouts from Manchester United, Everton, Sunderland, Burnley, Dortmund and Leverkusen were in Belgium to watch the top of the table clash. Oulare is the son of former Guinea international Souleymane. The 19-year-old has represented Belgium at Under 18 and 19 level.
Alexis Sanchez's shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Adam Federici. The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in extra time. Federici was inconsolable after the match and left the field in tears. Steve Clarke and his players will rally round the goalkeeper to help him get over his gaffe.
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink guided Burton Albion to promotion to League One. The Brewers beat Morecambe 2-1 on Saturday thanks to goals from Lucas Akins and Denny Johnstone. But Hasselabaink says he wants to finish on top of the table.
Pennslyvania police Officer Lisa Mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of David Kassick. Kassick, 59, was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on February 2. He was unarmed and his family said he had struggles with drug addition but that he was not a violent person. A preliminary hearing to determine if there is enough evidence to send the case to trial is scheduled for Monday.
Ashley Shupe claims Kaiden, eight, has been bullied for more than a year. She says he has tried to choke himself, throw himself from a height, and stop eating. Claims he was diagnosed with clinical depression in October 2013, a month after alleged attacks. School ignored her pleas to separate the children, she says.
Spotify analysed 2.8 million'sleep' playlists and found Thinking Out Loud to be the top hit. The 24-year-old British singer-songwriter features on the list an additional six times. Sheeran's other heavily playlist featured songs include I See Fire, The A Team and Give Me Love. Sam Smith, 22, features four times on the lists, with tension-releasing tunes such as Stay With Me.
Crystal McNaughton from Long Beach, California, filmed the moment her newborn son Paul started welling up to a rousing song from Glee. As the Lea Michele version of the track O Holy Night plays, footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant's face. 'It's OK honey, it's just a song,' she reassures.
Steven Gerrard was at Boujis nightclub in Kensington on Sunday night. Liverpool were knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday. Gerrard has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for at Anfield. He faces West Brom, Hull City, Queens Park Rangers, Crystal Palace and Stoke City. His final game in England will be at the Britannia Stadium against Stoke on May 24. Chelsea's victory over Manchester United in the Premier League made it mathematically impossible for Liverpool to catch the leaders.
Doncaster Rovers drew 0-0 with Fleetwood Town at the Keepmoat Stadium. The Yorkshire side are struggling in mid-table in League One. Doncaster's media team had to stick up the match highlights on YouTube. There were just 27 seconds of match action to go with the video.
Lionel Messi has scored 32 hat-tricks at club level for Barcelona. The Argentine has kept a match ball from each of the trebles in a special place at home. Messi says he needs to see the goals again or for someone to tell him something about them to actually remember them. Barcelona take on PSG in the Champions League on Wednesday evening.
Manchester City and Manchester United stars dined out together on Sunday night. Angel di Maria, Pablo Zabaleta and Willy Caballero were joined by their partners. Victor Valdes, Marcos Rojo and Martin Demichelis were also in attendance. United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium earlier in the day. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Capel Path finished third to Richard Hannons Desert Force in Dubai Duty Free Full of Surprises Handicap. The Queen's Hannon-trained two-year-old Ring of Truth looked the one who got away. Ring of Truth made her debut in the five furlong Al Basti Equiworld Maiden Stakes. She showed understandable signs of inexperience but was closing hard on winner Harvard Man at the line.
Oldham council moved Broadway Allotment Association's old prize-winning plots. Growers moved to new allotments so old site can be bulldozed for car park and football pitches. But gardeners say soil at new site is so poor they can't grow a bean and drainage is so bad their seedlings are rotting in the ground. They are demanding council pays compensation for problems they've experienced. Michael Fyson, 77, has grown his own fruit and veg at old site for more than 10 years. He and his wife, Margaret, 78, live the Good Life as
Mohammad Shatnawi scored an own goal for Al Faisaly against Al Whidat. The Jordanian goalkeeper kicked the ball over his head in the Amman Derby. West Ham's James Collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross at Manchester City on Sunday.
Jay Hart, 24, caught on camera having drunken sex with mystery blonde in dugout. Clip of tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media by fans. He was dismissed from non-league Clitheroe FC after clip was shared online. Striker has begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend Bryony Hibbert's forgiveness for the incident. Girlfriend, who has two young children, has slammed those responsible for clip. She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. It's disgusting'
David de Gea and Victor Valdes visited a theme park on Tuesday afternoon. The Manchester United duo donned sunglasses as they enjoyed the rare English sun. It has been a rollercoaster season for United as they push for second place in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal's side beat Manchester City 2-1 on Sunday to maintain their title challenge.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known as War Machine, is accused of attempted murder. Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney and a broken liver. She is still undergoing dental work while fighting to see him convicted. The couple met on a photo shoot when she had pneumonia and he offered to care for her. He allegedly cut off her hair with a blunt knife and beat her with a kitchen knife. Koppenhasver, 33, has denied the charges and will be tried this autumn.
Chris Robshaw and Camilla Kerslake were pictured on holiday in Barbados. The England captain has already talked to Andrew Strauss and Lawrence Dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in World Cup year. Being papped is not something we welcomed or wanted, said Robshaw.
Fabio Borini came on as a second-half substitute in Liverpool's 2-0 win against Newcastle at Anfield on Monday. The Italian striker has only netted once in 17 appearances for the Reds this season. Borini enjoyed a day out at Go Ape in Delamere Forest Park on Tuesday.
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal's U21 side against Reading on Monday night. The midfielder took to Instagram to thank fans for their support at the Emirates. Serge Gnabry and Abou Diaby also featured in the top-of-the-table clash. Wilshere will be hoping to return to the first team for the season run-in and FA Cup semi-final.
Tottenham midfielder Christian Eriksen was spotted kissing girlfriend Sabrina Kvist Jensen. The couple couldn't keep their hands, or lips, off each other as they walked through Soho. Eriksen joined Spurs in the summer of 2013 but hasn't scored since January. Spurs sit seventh in the Premier League, seven points off fourth place.
David Alaba posted a video on Instagram of his cast being removed. Bayern Munich face Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. The Bundesliga leaders have won three games in a row and sit top of the table. Pep Guardiola's side thrashed Shakhtar Donetsk in the last round.
Photographer Marc Latremouille captured the moment a great grey owl swooped on a mouse in Ontario, Canada. The bird, which has a five-foot wingspan, stalked the rodent from snowy treetops before launching its attack. With its eyes never straying from its prey, the bird made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow.
Armed men killed eight people in a raid on a Sao Paulo football fan club. The club has close links to a notorious, now-closed prison. Witnesses told police that three gunmen stormed the site where Corinthians' fan group Pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass. They ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Sergio Aguero scored twice to help his side to defeat at Old Trafford. Argentine striker has now scored 100 goals in 158 appearances for City. Manuel Pellegrini signed Wilfried Bony for £30million in January but striker has struggled. Real Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in signing Aguero this summer.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch. Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder in the match in Kolkata. Sachin Tendulkar, Ajinkya Rahane and Manoj Tiwary have given their condolences.
David Raven scored extra-time winner as Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon was sent off in the 55th minute for a foul on Marley Watkins. Greg Tansey slotted home the penalty to make it 1-1 before Edward Ofere and John Guidetti levelled. Inverness will face Falkirk in their first-ever William Hill Scottish Cup final.
Serafim Todorov beat Floyd Mayweather at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. Todorov now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the Bulgarian government. Mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The unbeaten American is regularly seen on social media showing off his piles of cash.
Fox Sports Australia will not take action against freelance presenter Briony Ingerson. She posted an Instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up. The photo was taken at an 'African-themed party' almost three months ago. It has since emerged that on April 11, Fox Sports Australia posted an image of a man dressed in black face. 'No harm intended, just wanted to give our hardworking friend a giggle,' she wrote on Instagram.
Sam Schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in Orlando in 2000. His team thought he would never walk, let alone, drive again. Schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit Sunday in a modified 2014 Corvette C7 Stingray. The car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle.
Evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn for about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of Norco and Corona, about 35 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles. By midday, fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire, which had grown to 1.5 square miles. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades.
A masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in Sydney's west hours after police started the manhunt. Shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting. Wigram Street in Harris Park was closed by police as the search for the gunman got underway. A NSW Police spokeswoman told Daily Mail Australia an arrest is yet to be made.
Jacqueline Carr, 65, was driving the car when a tree fell on her around 4 p.m. Sunday. Cincinnati Police Officer Douglas Swingley says the woman was the only occupant. Police say they still have to determine who owns the tree and is responsible for its upkeep. Because of the tree's immense size, the investigation will take longer than normal.
ISIS has released a new set of propaganda photos showing military markets in Iraq and Syria. Jihadists can be seen freely browsing through the market, dressed in military uniforms. An array of camouflage military equipment, from military fatigues to ill fitting hats are being sold at the market in the Iraqi province of Nineveh. Even young children appear to be allowed into the market. Knives used for committing beheadings and other atrocities are also readily available.
A Northern Territory man has posted an advertisement on Gumtree looking for a partner. The 31-year-old only identified as 'Rich' detailed his dream girl on the ad. He said he wanted a non-drinker, non-smoker, non drinker and good cook. 'Rich' promised his potential partner would'receive lots of benefits' Daily Mail Australia unsuccessfully attempted to contact the man.
Kalimah Dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on Monday morning. She managed to get her children, aged one to 14, out of the Decatur condo safely. However, all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble, and she is asking for assistance. 'My children are homeless. They have nothing. They lost everything,' Dixon said.
University of Florida redshirt freshman JC Jackson, of Immokalee, Florida, was arrested on Saturday after a robbery at a Gainsville apartment. Jackson entered an acquaintance's apartment with two men, and shortly after he left the other men pulled out a handgun and demanded money and drugs, police said. Police said they took two video game consoles, marijuana and $382 from the apartment's three residents. The former-four-star recruit was booked into the Alachua County Jail on Sunday.
Rihanna, 27, seen holding what looks like a white tube in her hands at Coachella. She later shared a similar video of her holding the substance on her own Instagram page. Speculation rife as to what exactly is going on in the video. It has been claimed Rihanna posted this comment on Instagram in response to claims she was taking coke. R&B singer hit back to say it was just a joint.
Jay Dasilva is better than any current Premier League left-back, says Ian Wright. Dasilva was part of Chelsea's team that won the UEFA Youth League on Monday. The 16-year-old was signed by Chelsea aged 12 and is an attack-minded left back. Wright has also tipped Tammy Abraham, Musonda, Colkett and Abraham for bright futures.
In a leaked Sony email, Cameron Crowe mocks Bruce Jenner's gender transition in an email conversation with former studio head Amy Pascal. This while the two were discussing Crowe's upcoming film Aloha, which stars an all-star cast that includes Bradley Cooper, Emma Stone, Rachel McAdams, and Alec Baldwin. Pascal asked Crowe if he had anything to show her from the movie in October 2014. Crowe's response to this was; 'DOES BRUCE JENNER WANT BOOBS? HELL YES I HAVE SOMETHING TO SHOW YOU!!!! (looking at t
Chelsea technical director Michael Emenalo travelled to Spain to watch Koke on Saturday. Spaniard signed a long-term deal with Diego Simeone's side only last year. Mourinho is reportedly planning to offer second-choice left-back Filipe Luis to his former club. AS report that Koke's release clause is around £50million.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit as Bayern Munich doctor this week. The 72-year-old had been at the Bundesliga champions for almost 40 years. He fell out with Pep Guardiola over the treatment of Philipp Lahm's injury in training. Muller-Wohlfahrt has worked with the German national team as well as athletes including Usain Bolt and Sebastian Rode.
Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt quit Bayern Munich on Thursday. The 72-year-old said the club's medical staff had been 'blamed' for defeat. Bayern lost 3-1 to Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Pep Guardiola has denied a rift with Muller-Willfahr.
Frankie Gavin is set to be handed a shot at Kell Brooks IBF welterweight world title. Talks have been held between the parties and an agreement has not yet been finalised. Sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as Friday. Gavin is the only Englishman to have won a world amateur title.
Andre Ward sees Paul Smith as the ideal warm-up opponent, possibly before a rematch with Carl Froch. The WBA have ordered their two super-middle world champions  Ward'super' and Froch'regular'  to meet in a unification fight. Ward said he would make the away trip but only as far as London, not to Nottingham where Froch has long desired to box on his hometown City Ground. Froch is turning his attention to his other remaining ambition before retirement  a first appearance on the Las Vegas Strip, against the namesake son of Mexican legend Julio Cesar Chavez
Randy Lerner missed Aston Villa's 2-1 win over Liverpool at Wembley. Villa chief executive Tom Fox said Lerner was 'ecstatic' with the result. Fox said the result can get rid of the gloom that hung around the club. He backed Villa to have a chance of beating his old club Arsenal on May 30.
Geoff Harris put the Port Melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $12 million on his Albert Park dream home in May last year. He accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on Saturday. The buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer. Located just six houses down from the beach, the breathtaking pad has stunning beach vistas and is surrounded by water. Mr Harris bought the Melbourne home from Mirvac in 2006 for $3.75 million.
Chelsea beat Shakhtar Donetsk 3-2 in the UEFA Youth League final on Monday. Izzy Brown scored twice as the Blues became the first English team to lift the trophy. The 18-year-old was on the bench for Chelsea's Premier League clash at QPR on Sunday. Brown played the full 90 minutes of Chelsea's 4-0 semi-final win over Roma on Friday. He then flew back to London, watched from the dug-out as a late goal from Cesc Fabregas took Chelsea a step closer to the title, and then hopped back on a plane to Geneva
Villagers in Ansai, Shaanxi Province, dug a 46m well to get fresh drinking water. But when they brought it to the surface they found it was so polluted it set on fire. Locals said they could smell petrol and gas, and blamed a leak from a nearby petrol station. However, when Chinese officials investigated they found no sign of a spillage of oil. Officials are now investigating how the water became so polluted.
Raheem Sterling has rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week from Liverpool. Zinedine Zidane has said Real Madrid are monitoring the England winger. Sterling has netted six times in the Premier League for Liverpool this season. Brendan Rodgers has admitted Liverpool may struggle to attract top players.
Denis Cuspert, 39, calls on jihadist sleeper cells in Europe to carry out terrorist attacks. He sings about planning attacks in Britain, Germany and France, rapping 'We want your blood' Cuspert had been a successful rapper before trading in his gangster lifestyle to join ISIS. In February it was revealed that the militant was being spied on for the FBI by a Syrian woman he thought was his wife. The spy transmitted critical information about the rapper and his ISIS colleagues.
Mauro Icardi has turned down Inter Milan's latest contract offer. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal have also watched the 22-year-old. Icardi is reportedly on an £11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to £43,000 a week. The Argentine is willing to move this summer.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored the goals for the hosts. Jack Grealish impressed on his Wembley debut for Villa. Tim Sherwood said his team 'bamboozled' Liverpool.
Gareth Bale is a huge doubt for Real Madrid's Champions League quarter-final second leg match against Atletico Madrid with a calf injury. The Welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off against Malaga. Los Blancos are also without Croatian midfielder Luka Modric, who suffered a knee ligament strain. Carlo Ancelotti is hoping to have striker Karim Benzema fit for Wednesday's match.
Jonathas took advantage of a defensive blunder to give Elche a 1-0 win over Real Sociedad. The striker raced away unchallenged to score his 10th goal of the season. Xabi Prieto had the chance to equalise for the away side but shot over the bar. Real Sociedd are now 12th in La Liga, while Elche move six points clear of the relegation zone.
Hazel the bulldog puppy is featured in a number of videos uploaded to Youtube and Instagram. In them she is filmed discovering the world by doing such things as play on a skateboard, look at her reflection in a mirror and try out a collar. The video concludes with the dog staring at the video maker looking like butter wouldnt melt.
Jordan Rhodes has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons for Blackburn. Nottingham Forest failed in a bid to sign him on loan with view to a permanent deal in March. Forest boss Dougie Freedman hopes straight cash can tempt Rovers into parting with him. Blackburn boss Gary Bowyer expects more interest in striker Rudy Gestede.
Jay Hart, 24, sacked by Clitheroe FC after he was filmed having sex with fan in dugout. Striker could be heard laughing as he was caught on mobile phone footage romping with mystery blonde. He was sacked by the Lancashire non-league side hours after clip was shared on social media. Girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, who has two young children, slammed those responsible for filming clip. Chairwoman Anne Barker said player had 'brought the club into disrepute'
Hannover lost 4-0 to Bayer Leverkusen in the Bundesliga on Saturday. Tayfun Korkut has been sacked after 13 games without a win for Hannover. Michael Frontzek has been named as his successor. Frontzek has signed a contract for the remaining five matches of the season. He is returning to the Bundesliga for the first time since 2011.
Manchester City Under 18s take on Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup Final on Monday. Jason Wilcox wants to emulate Manchester United's famous Class of '92. The former Blackburn winger was let go by his current employers as a teenager. Wilcox believes City's new Etihad Campus will stand them in good stead when it comes to recruiting youngsters.
Lucas Matthysse beat Ruslan Provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on Saturday night in Verona, New York. Matthysse landed the majority of the punches in the first round and opened up a cut near his opponent's left eye early in the second. Don Ackerman scored the fight as a draw 114-114, but Glenn Feldman and John McKaie both scored it 115-113 in favor of the Argentine. Patrick Teixeira (25-0, 21 KOs) won with a second-round knockout of Patrick Allotey (30
Derry Mathews saw Richar Abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness to be striped of the belt. Ismael Barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa. Tony Luis was drafted in at the last minute to replace the Mexican. Mathews won the fight on points after a close fight at Liverpool's Echo Arena.
Lukas Podolski is currently on loan at Inter Milan from Arsenal. The German World Cup winner struggled for first-team opportunities at the Emirates. Podolski has failed to score in 12 appearances since arriving in Serie A. But the 29-year-old says he wants to play for parent club Arsenal next season.
Terence Crawford defeated Thomas Dulorme in the sixth round with a technical knock out. Crawford won the vacant WBO junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout. The 27-year-old knocked down the Puerto Rican three times in quick succession. Dulorme was unable to recover from his knockdown and the referee stopped the fight. Promoter Bob Arum shouted 'That's why he's the fighter of the year!'
Paddy Barnes and Michael Conlan won bronze medals at London 2012 Olympics. The pair are one win away from qualifying for Rio 2016 Olympic Games. Barnes and Conlan have fought seven fights in 13 weeks and will have travelled 34,000 miles. They will have covered the equivalent of three trips from Dublin to Melbourne in that time.
Nicola Adams is hoping to become a double Olympic gold medallist in Rio. The 32-year-old is preparing to return to an English ring for the first time since her London 2012 triumph at the national championships in Liverpool next week. Adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in Liverpool with her 51kg category also including Lisa Whiteside, who won world silver in Adams' absence.
Caroline Wozniacki congratulated Jordan Spieth on Twitter following his Masters success. Spieth won the first major of his career with a four-shot victory at Augusta. It didn't take long for her followers to ask whether it was a pop at former love interest Rory McIlroy. But the tennis star was quick to ensure fans it wasn't a dig at the world No 1 golfer.
Gael Monfils beat Roger Federer 6-4, 7-6 at the Monte Carlo Masters. Monfils will face Grigor Dimitrov in the quarter-finals in Monaco. The world No 18 hit 22 winners to Federers 17 in the last-16 clash.
Freddie Roach rates super middleweight Andre Ward and middleweight sensation Gennady Golovkin higher than undefeated American Floyd Mayweather. Roach says Mayweather has picked and chosen his opponents during his career. Manny Pacquiao is in the best shape of his life, according to Roach. Mayweather is undefeated but Roach says he doesn't think he has fought enough.
Jordan Spieth beat Justin Rose and Phil Mickelson to win The Masters on Sunday. The 21-year-old equalled Tiger Woods' 72-hole record and became the first man to get to 19-under par at Augusta. Jack Nicklaus believes it is time for the 'young guys to take over' the game of golf. Rory McIlroy and Spieth have a combined age of 46, while Mickelon is 44 and Woods is 39. Spieth's mentor Ben Crenshaw also praised his maturity on the course.
Roger Federer defeated Jeremy Chardy 6-2, 6-1 in less than an hour on court. It was Federer's first match since his loss in the Indian Wells final in March. The Swiss hit 19 winners to dispatch an opponent who beat him last year in Rome. Federer takes on Gael Monfils for a spot in the quarter-finals.
Billy Vunipola cleared of intentionally headbutting Mathew Tait. The England No 8 had been cited for striking the Leicester full back with his head. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall said there was no recklessness involved. Maro Itoje has signed a new long-term contract with Saracens.
James Anderson claimed his 384th Test wicket on Friday in Antigua. The 32-year-old broke Sir Ian Botham's record which had stood for 23 years. Anderson induced an edge from West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin on the final day of the first Test. He believes he can still improve and take plenty more wickets for England.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg left Shanghai after the Chinese Grand Prix arguing over the rights and wrongs of how they raced. But Hamilton insists he will do his talking 'on the track' ahead of the race in Bahrain. 'I just do my talking on the track. That's how it's been since I was eight years old,' he says.
Mike Tindall's horse Monbeg Dude finished third in the Grand National. The former England rugby captain's horse was sent off at 40/1 to win the race. Tindall and his wife Zara Phillips were at Aintree to watch the race from the unsaddling area. Many Clouds and Aspell won the 2015 Grand National by two fences.
Kevin Pietersen has not played for England since the fifth Test in Sydney. Michael Clarke believes Pietersen could play in this summer's Ashes series. Pietersen has signed for Surrey with the intent of scoring runs. CLICK HERE for all the latest Cricket World Cup 2015 news.
MCC reveal plans to replace 'tired' Tavern and Allen stands at Lord's. Redevelopment will increase overall capacity of home of cricket to almost 30,000. The 'Masterplan' has a budget of £80million, and is expected to be ready for 2019. Lord's will have a new Thomas Lord Building and new Tavern pub included.
Billy Vunipola could miss Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final against Clermont. The Sarries No 8 was cited on Monday night for an alleged butt. Toulon are plotting a move for Australia fly-half Quade Cooper. Danny Cipriani signed a new deal with Sale Sharks back in February.
Siobhan-Marie O'Connor won gold in the 200 metres individual medley at the British Championships. Her time of two minutes 09:51 seconds was the fastest recorded in the world this year. Hannah Miley took the silver medal with a time of 2:11:65 and Aimee Willmott claimed bronze in 2:13:30.
Mauricio Pochettino unsure whether a planned boycott by Newcastle fans will prove a help or hindrance to his side this weekend. Newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime at St James' Park. Pochettino will come up against his countryman Jonas Guiterrez following his recovery from cancer.
Harry Redknapp resigned as QPR manager in February citing knee problems. The former West Ham, Bournemouth, Portsmouth, Southampton and Tottenham boss turned down a'mind-blowing' offer to coach abroad. Redknapp feels 'fit as a fiddle' again following knee surgery and would relish another crack at a full-time job, but only under certain circumstances. 'It is difficult to know whether you want to go back in again, but if the right offer came along for the right job then I would consider it,' he says.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday. The match will take place at 12.15, a time that Scottish football fans do not agree with. Ronny Deila believes teams should have more of a say on kick-off times, rather than broadcasters. Hearts and Hibs have lodged formal complaints over the governance of the game.
Karim Benzema missed Real Madrid's 3-1 win against Malaga with a knee injury. Carlo Ancelotti is 'hesitating' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation against Atletico. Gareth Bale and Luka Modric also look likely to miss Wednesday's Champions League clash. Mundo Deportivo hail Barcelona coach Luis Enrique for statistically being 'the best coach in history in his first 50 games'
Toni Duggan posted a photo of her with Louis van Gaal at Wing's restaurant. The Manchester City forward received a number of abusive messages on social media. Duggan has since removed the photo from Instagram and issued an apology. Manchester United beat Manchester City 4-2 at Old Trafford on Sunday night.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 goals for Queens Park Rangers this season. The QPR striker is being considered for a surprise call-up by Roy Hodgson. Austin is in contention because Harry Kane will be with Gareth Southgate's Under-21 team. Roy Hodgson has been impressed with Austin's performances for QPR. England face Republic of Ireland on June 7 and Slovenia seven days later.
Southampton boss Ronald Koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of Nathaniel Clyne. The England right back has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Clyne is out of contract at St Mary's at the end of the season. Koeman wants Clyne to sign a new deal to keep him at the club.
Eniola Aluko, Lucy Bronze, Karen Carney, Jess Clarke, Kelly Smith and Ji So-yun have all made the shortlist. Manchester City defender Bronze is the current holder of the Women's PFA Players' Player of the Year award. Arsenal forward Smith is England's all-time leading scorer with 46 goals.
Celtic lost 1-0 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. A blatant Josh Meekings handball in the box was missed by referee Steven McLean. Despite numerous appeals, no penalty or red card was given for the handball. Inverness fought back and eventually emerged victorious following a pulsating period of extra-time. Leigh Griffiths said: 'We've been robbed. It was very disappointing'
Inverness beat Celtic 3-2 in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil Van Dijk and David Raven scored for the hosts. Josh Meekings appeared to handball on the line. Celtic's Craig Gordon was then shown a red card. John Hughes says the incident was a turning point in the game.
Derby County can make sure of a play-off place with victory against Huddersfield. Wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to Brighton. Bristol City boss Steve Cotterill will get his hands on the League One trophy. Barnet will be promoted as champions if they win at Kidderminster and Bristol Rovers lose at Dover.
Bournemouth take on Sheffield Wednesday at the Goldsands Stadium on Saturday. Eddie Howe has called on the club's fans to inspire the Cherries to promotion. Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic refuses to look beyond Saturday's game against Birmingham. Derby must improve on their recent away form at Huddersfield to secure play-off finish.
Nathaniel Clyne has been linked with a move to Manchester United. The Southampton defender has been in impressive form this season. Ronald Koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep hold of the right back. Clyne attended a fund-raising event for the Football Fighting Ebola campaign on Sunday.
Morgan Schneiderlin, Yannick Bolasie and Nathaniel Clyne are wanted men. Arsenal and Manchester United are circling for Schneiderlin and Clyne. Burnley striker Danny Ings is out of contract in the summer and could leave on a free. West Ham defender Aaron Cresswell is attracting interest from Manchester City and Chelsea. QPR's Charlie Austin has been linked with a move to Liverpool and Tottenham. Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Ryan Mason made his England debut on Tuesday night. The 23-year-old was celebrating team-mate Andros Townsend's equaliser against Italy. Mason's tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide. It has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times by those noticing the resemblance. England escaped Turin with a 1-1 draw against Italy in the friendly.
Six Leeds players pulled out of Saturday's match against Charlton Athletic. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those to withdraw from the squad. Chairman Massimo Cellino insists he had nothing to do with the withdrawals. Cellino has been banned since January after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in Italy.
Jose Mourinho is on the cusp of winning his third Premier League title with Chelsea. Paulo Ferreira played for the Blues for nine years after following Mourinho from Porto. Ferreira would also like to see Didier Drogba extend his stay at Stamford Bridge.
Manchester City are being linked with Danny Rose and Aaron Cresswell. The club are struggling to find enough English players to fill their 25-man squad. In the Premier League, you must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25. Manchester United signed Wayne Rooney, Phil Jones and Luke Shaw as teenagers. Liverpool bought Jordan Henderson, Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling as teenagers and invested in making them better. Arsenal signed Theo Walcott, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Calum Chambers. Tottenham have brought through Harry Kane and Ryan Mason from their
Brendan Rodgers says a move to Manchester City would not be a step up. Raheem Sterling has been heavily linked with a £50million move to the Etihad this summer. The England winger has two years left on his contract and is stalling on a new deal. Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Jermaine Beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as Preston were held 2-2 by Gillingham. MK Dons beat Fleetwood 3-0 to close the gap on second-placed Preston to three points. Swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt after a 4-2 win at Rochdale. Crewe move out of the bottom four with a 1-1 draw at Peterborough.
Tottenham will resist any offers for Danny Rose. The 24-year-old is fundamental to Mauricio Pochettino's plans at White Hart Lane. Manchester City have considered attacking-minded Rose as a potential signing. Pochettino believes Rose has been the best left back in England this season.
Aaron Cresswell joined West Ham from Ipswich Town for £2million in July 2014. John Stones signed for Everton from Barnsley in January 2013 for just £3m. Andrew Robertson joined Hull from Dundee United in July last year. Leonardo Ulloa joined Leicester from Brighton for £8m and has scored seven goals. Dwight Gayle joined Crystal Palace from Peterborough United for £4.5m.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley. Steven Gerrard started in a number of different roles for Brendan Rodgers' side. The midfielder failed to thrive in any of the different roles given to him by Rodgers. Gerrard blazed a long-range effort over the bar shortly after half-time and curled a potentially dangerous free-kick into the hands of Shay Given midway through the second half.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Wojciech Szczesny says he feels sorry for Adam Federici after his mistake. Federici let an Alexis Sanchez effort slip through his hands in extra-time. The Arsenal keeper says the Reading keeper was 'the best player on the pitch'
Malky Mackay was sacked as Wigan Athletic manager on Monday night. Sportsmail revealed in August that the club were being investigated over'sexist, racist and homophobic' texts sent between Mackay and former Cardiff City colleague Iain Moody. Dave Whelan appointed Mackay as manager of Wigan in November 2014 despite warnings. Wigan are eight points from safety with just five games remaining in the Championship. Mackay failed to win a single home game in his six months in charge of the club.
Tony McCoy is riding in his 20th Grand National this week at Aintree. The 40-year-old has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement. McCoy's solitary National triumph was on Don't Push It in 2010. Liverpool's Royal Liver Building lit up with good luck message for McCoy.
Wojciech Szczesny hasn't played a Premier League game since January. Arsene Wenger signed David Ospina for £3.2million from Nice last summer. The Gunners are currently second in the Premier League table after eight straight wins. David Seaman believes the Poland international can make the number one jersey his own. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Ladies' Day at Aintree has seen over 45,000 descend on the racecourse for the build-up to Saturday's main event, the Crabbies Grand National. Saphir Du Rheu, ridden by Sam Twiston-Davis, took home the Betfred Mildmay Novices' Chase. A.P McCoy rides Don Cossack and Eastlake in what is his last ever Grand National, as he looks to leave the racing scene and his legacy with a bang.
Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo could play together in a proposed UEFA All-Star match, according to reports in Spain. Mundo Deportivo report that a marketing company has approached UEFA and proposed the annual fixture. The players involved would be chosen by an online fan poll, with no more than three players from any club side. Other possible stars in the 'South' team include Paris Saint-Germain forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba. Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero, Chelsea's Eden Hazard, Angel di Maria and Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer
Barcelona face PSG in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Lionel Messi will lead the line for Barcelona at the Parc des Princes. Laurent Blanc has described Messi as 'unstoppable' ahead of the game. PSG boss says his side will need to be 'aggressive defensively' to stop Messi.
Lionel Messi says he is back to his best after a disappointing and trophy-free 2014. A string of injuries limited Messi's involvement as Barca lost the La Liga title to Atletico Madrid. Messi's misfortune saw the Ballon d'Or go to Cristiano Ronaldo for the second consecutive year. Now though, Messi's turned the tide - Barca are top of the league and his personal goal tally's at 45 from 44 games ahead of PSG on Wednesday.
Randy Lerner will attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final with Liverpool at Wembley. The American has hardly seen Villa play in person during his ownership of the club. Lerner has been trying to sell Villa since last May, and is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around £150million once the season is finished.
Christian Benteke opened the scoring for Aston Villa in the 35th minute against Tottenham at White Hart Lane. The striker has scored six goals in eight games since Tim Sherwood took over at Villa Park. Benteke continued his fine form from Tuesday, where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with QPR. Jack Grealish, 19, made his debut for the Midlands club in the 19th minute. Tottenham's Erik Lamela was sent off in the second half for a second bookable offence.
Paul Gascoigne scored a 35-yard free-kick for Tottenham Hotspur against Arsenal in 1991. The goal has gone down as one of the all-time greats at Wembley. Gascoigne's strike set Spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory, and they would go on to win the FA Cup. Tottenham won the semi-final and went on to beat Nottingham Forest in the final.
Liverpool are four points clear at the top of the Premier League with six games to play. Manchester City have two games in hand to make up the gap. City have lost four of their past six Premier League games and five in 2015. They have gone from being champions to weak also-rans. Manuel Pellegrini has come under mounting pressure following a poor run of results. Brendan Rodgers has masterminded Liverpool's return to form.
Christian Benteke headed Aston Villa into the lead against Tottenham Hotspur in the 35th minute. The Belgian striker continued his fine form after scoring a hat-trick against QPR on Tuesday night. Carlos Sanchez was sent off for the visitors for a second bookable offence in the final exchanges of the game. Federico Fazio replaced Jan Vertonghen in central defence for Villa after the defender missed out through illness. Villa manager Tim Sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win.
Harry Redknapp was at Arsenal's 4-1 win over Liverpool on April 4. Redknapp claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by some fans. The former Tottenham boss was stuck in traffic after the game at the Emirates. He was speaking on Sky Sports' The Fantasy Football Club with Paul Merson.
Frank McLintock says Alexis Sanchez is the only current Arsenal player good enough to get into the great Arsenal teams of yesteryear. Sanchez has scored 20 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season. Gunners are second in the Premier League after an eight-match winning run. McLintock made 403 appearances for the club between 1964 and 1973. He won the league title in 1971, along with the FA Cup and European Cup.
Bayern Munich host Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday. Arjen Robben, Franck Ribery, Bastian Schweinsteiger and David Alaba are all out injured. Thomas Muller believes his team are stronger for their recent injuries. Bayern beat Borussia Dortmund and Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0 at the weekend.
Michael Carrick says he wants to take up a career in motorsport when he retires. Manchester United midfielder wants to emulate Ryan Giggs' longevity. The 34-year-old says he feels as good and as fit as he has ever been. Carrick admits moving to London at the age of 15 was a big challenge, but helped him grow up fast.
Jack Wilshere captained Arsenal Under 21s in 1-0 defeat by Reading. Martin Keown's son Niall scored the winner for the Royals after eight minutes. Wilshere was joined by long-term absentee Abou Diaby who managed to last 56minutes. German forward Serge Gnabry and new signing Krystain Bielik also came through unscathed.
Serge Gnabry played 90 minutes for Arsenal Under 21s against Reading. 19-year-old has not featured for the first team since March last year. Gnabry says he is feeling 'better and better' all the time. Midfielder impressed for the Gunners last season before suffering serious knee injury.
Arsenal have won 16 of their last 18 games in all competitions. Arsene Wenger's side are second in the Premier League, eight points behind Chelsea. The Gunners face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final this weekend. Wenger admits he could not have predicted Arsenal's recent run of results.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. Sterling has revealed he'd love his very own chant from the Liverpool faithful. Liverpool face Newcastle United in the Premier League on Monday night.
Liverpool have slipped out of the top four and out of Champions League contention. Newcastle are seven points adrift of fourth-placed Manchester City. John Carver's side travel to Anfield to face Brendan Rodgers' side on Monday night. Carver says his players need to relieve the pressure on their shoulders with a win.
Tomas Francis impressed up against Alex Corbisiero as Exeter beat Northampton. The Chiefs prop, who qualifies for both England and Wales, could be fast-tracked through the ranks to face England in the World Cup pool match. Leigh Halfpenny could miss Toulons Champions Cup semi-final against Leinster after a suspected dislocated shoulder. Sale director of rugby Steve Diamond hit out at referee Greg Macdonald after a surprise 25-23 defeat at London Irish.
David 'Flats' Flatman has been driving around the Rugby World Cup venues preparing for the tournament. The former England prop has been taking part in BT Sport's 'Tour de Flats' Flats says the buzz around the World Cup is already palpable in the rugby heartlands. England's style of play in the Six Nations earned them plaudits, but they need to improve if they are to win over new fans.
Sale Sharks winger Tom Arscott scored a brace of tries for the hosts. Mike Haley claimed the other with Danny Cipriani kicking two penalties and a conversion. Irish scored three tries through Alex Lewington (two) and Andrew Fenby. Sale remain in seventh position but have lost ground on most of their rivals.
Jordan Ibe has been out of action for the last six weeks with knee ligament damage. Liverpool winger damaged ligaments in Europa League tie against Besiktas in Turkey. Brendan Rodgers says he has looked 'absolutely sensational' in training. Mario Balotelli will miss Liverpool's clash with Newcastle on Monday due to illness.
Raheem Sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract at Liverpool. Daniel Sturridge believes Sterling will only be happy if he plays regularly. Sterling has been linked with a number of Europe's top clubs. The 20-year-old was one of four players at the Anfield launch of next season's New Balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Madrid derby on Tuesday night. The two sides meet for the fifth and sixth time in European competition. Diego Simeone will flood the midfield with Arda Turan, Mario Suarez, Gabi and Koke. Carlo Ancelotti must accommodate Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Atletico Madrid ended a 14-year run of not beating Real when they won the Copa del Rey.
Bayern Munich host Porto in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Bundesliga champions have suffered a number of key players out injured. Arjen Robben, David Alaba, Franck Ribery and Bastian Schweinsteiger among those ruled out. Julen Lopetegui has asked his team to call on 'ambition and imagination' to cause an upset. Pep Guardiola has praised his former Barcelona team-mate's brand of football.
Philippe Coutinho starred for Liverpool in their 2-0 win against Newcastle United. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher believes Coutinho is becoming Liverpool's go-to guy. Coutinho is picking up where Luis Suarez left off last season, according to Carragher. Liverpool sold star striker Suarez to Barcelona for £75million during the summer.
Chelsea face Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Marouane Fellaini has emerged as an important player for Louis van Gaal's side. Jamie Carragher believes Jose Mourinho will bring Kurt Zouma into his midfield. Carragher and Gary Neville agree that Mourinho will have a special plan for the game. Neville believes Mourinho will be focused on 'destruction' before trying to win.
Marouane Fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes at Manchester United. Wayne Rooney has hailed his Belgian team-mate as one of the best in world football. Fellaini starred in United's 2-0 win over Manchester City in the derby on Sunday. Louis van Gaal has hailed the former Everton man as almost undroppable. United travel to Chelsea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero says Mario Balotelli has lost his hunger. The Italian striker is set to leave Liverpool at the end of the season. Ferrero said he should be put on a diet of bread and water and given a Bianchina. Click here for more transfer news.
Mick McCarthy hails the 'belligerent, stubborn and hard working' Ipswich players. Ipswich drew 1-1 with Wolves at Molineux on Saturday afternoon. Town are now in danger of missing out on a play-off place in the Championship. McCarthy was sacked by Wolves in February 2012 after almost six years in charge.
More than 400 extra officers drafted in by British Transport Police. Rivals Manchester United, Liverpool and Leeds United will all be in London this weekend. United head to Stamford Bridge on Saturday to take on Chelsea in 5pm kick-off. Liverpool take on Aston Villa at Wembley on Sunday with thousands expected to descend on the capital 24 hours earlier.
Nigel Pearson has called for realism in the fight for Leicester's survival. The Foxes have seven games left, five at home and one against Chelsea. Burnley face Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday and are two points from safety. Everton boss Roberto Martinez believes Sean Dyche will help his side survive.
Emile Heskey, 37, Eidur Gudjohnsen, 36, and Adam Bogdan, 27, will all be offered new deals. Heskey has scored just one goal in nine Championship starts this season. Bogdan has also been rewarded with a new contract by manager Neil Lennon.
Paul McGowan was handed his third conviction for assaulting a police officer. Dundee rogue escaped a jail sentence but was placed under a restriction of liberty order and confined to his home from 7pm to 7am for 16 weeks. Manager Paul Hartley says he will not risk playing McGowan again this season. McGowan has been fitted with an electronic tag on his ankle.
Barcelona face PSG in the Champions League at the Parc des Princes on Wednesday. Luis Enrique and Blanc were part of the team that won the Spanish Super Cup under Bobby Robson in 1996. Albert Ferrer, Abelardo Fernandez, Julen Lopetegui and Sergi Barjuan are all former Barcelona players who went on to coach in Spain. Roberto Prosinecki, Emmanuel Amunike, Guillermo Amor and Juan Antonio Pizzi were also part of that team. Barcelona boss Enrique believes those who played in positions where they had the
Sean Bowen maintained his three-winner lead (45-42) over Cheltenham Gold Cup winner Nico de Boinville in the fiercely contested Conditional Jockeys title race. Bowen scored on Abidjan at Newton Abbot while De Boinoville won on One Lucky Lady at Kempton. The season ends at Sandown on Saturday. US trainer Wesley Ward is to aim Hootenanny and Sunset Glow at Royal Ascot.
Manuel Pellegrini has the most difficult job in football, says Sam Allardyce. Pressure of going for back-to-back titles, plus Financial Fair Play rules, have made the Chilean's job the hardest in world football, according to West Ham United boss. Manchester City manager Pellegerini has come under fire following their title race capitulation. The champions spent a combined £44m on Eliaquim Mangala and Fernando.
Lyon drew 2-2 with Saint-Etienne in the Rhone Valley derby on Sunday night. Clinton N'Jie and Christophe Jallet scored for the hosts at the Stade de Gerland. Lindsay Rose was sent off for Lyon before Max Gradel scored from the spot. Nolan Roux and Adama Traore scored as Lille beat Bordeaux 2-0 at home. Montpellier beat Caen 1-0 thanks to a Brazilian defender's early header.
Dairon Asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the Portland Timbers past New York City FC. Cristian Maidana opened the scoring for Philadelphia with a free kick that glanced off the post. Charlie Davies equalized in the 64th minute after Teal Bunbury beat his marker at the edge of the 18-yard box and delivered a ball to the far post.
Randy Lerner was expected to attend Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool. The 53-year-old American has been trying to sell the club since last May. Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 to reach their first FA Cup final since Lerner bought the club. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Fenerbahce's team bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport following 5-1 win at Caykur Rizespor in Turkey's Super Lig on Saturday. The bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of Rize to airport in Trabzon to return to Istanbul when the incident occurred. Turkish Football Federation (TFF) announced a one-week suspension of football in Turkey on Monday following a meeting with sports minister Akif Cagatay Kilic.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao shared a video of his early morning run on Wednesday. The Filipino boxer was joined by his training entourage as he went for a 2am jog. Mayweather posted a video on his Instagram account of him going for a late night jog.
Ken Doherty is two frames away from crashing out of World Championships. Former world champion trails Mark Davis 8-1 in third-round qualifier in Sheffield. Graeme Dott must come from behind to book place in main draw on Wednesday. Matthew Stevens leads Joe Swail 5-4 as he bids for first Crucible appearance since 2013.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will play Craig Steadman in the first round of the Betfred World Championship. Defending champion Mark Selby will also tackle a debutant in Norways Kurt Maflin. The tournament runs from April 18 until May 4.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather Jnr in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino-fighter trains with his team at Griffith Park in Los Angeles, California. Pacquiao and his team continue high intensity training ahead of the mega-fight. Fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $152million set by Mayweather vs Oscar De La Hoya in 2013.
Ronnie O'Sullivan reveals what goes through his mind while he's waiting for his opponent to finish at the table. The world No 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he'll make his dinner. 'The Rocket' is Forever Sports' May cover star. O'Sullivan is crowned UK snooker champion for the fifth time in 2014.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the derby on Sunday. Joe Hart was unable to keep out goals from Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling. City are four points behind rivals United and 12 behind Chelsea. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost 18 points from a possible 39 this season.
Manchester City lost 4-2 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Defender Pablo Zabaleta admits confidence is low after the derby defeat. Manuel Pellegrini's side have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions. They are now 12 points behind leaders Chelsea and 12 behind Premier League leaders Arsenal. Zabaleta accepts they are facing a battle to finish in the top four.
Bull sharks have been seen swimming up to condos on Hickory Island, in Bonita Springs, Florida. Homeowners say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - to lure them back. Bull sharks are considered among the most dangerous in the world, and are known to attack out of curiosity. They can grow up to 11.5ft in length and can live up to 16 years in the wild.
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-0 in the Manchester derby on Sunday. Ashley Young, Marouane Fellaini, Juan Mata and Chris Smalling scored the goals. Sportsmail's alternative table shows every club's total points gained against the current top seven teams. Louis van Gaal's team sit top of the pile with an average of two points per game.
Manchester United beat rivals City 4-2 in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. City had beaten United four times in a row prior to the derby. Louis van Gaal's side are now four points clear of their rivals in the Premier League. United's website claimed the city of Manchester was'red' for the second time in 90 minutes. Here is Sportsmail's verdict on whether United are the dominant force in Manchester again.
Vanessa Moe's debut showing at Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia was outshone by her distracting choice of headwear. A selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces. The Brazilian-born designer was one of six newbies selected to present their designs to a global audience at MBFWA's New Generation show.
Scott Quigg offered Carl Frampton £1.5m for a British super-fight on Tuesday. Eddie Hearn made the offer after talks between Quigg and Frampton's promoter Barry McGuigan had stalled. Belfast's IBF super-bantamweight world champion has called on Hearn to make a more realistic offer.
Eathan Cruse, 19, was one of five men taken into custody after anti-terror raids in Melbourne on Saturday morning. He said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed. Eathan's father, Glen, also said he was brutally attacked by police during the raid, and his son was hospitalised as a result of injuries he sustained. The raids were carried out across Melbourne, and reportedly foiled an ANZAC Day terror plot. Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with conspiracy to commit acts in planning or preparation for an act of terrorism.
Hibernian host Falkirk in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the first game of the semi-finals. Hibs boss Alan Stubbs was angered by Peter Houston's post-match comments. Stubbs did not know what to make of the Falkirk manager's comments.
Andy Lee was hoping to make his first defence of the WBO middleweight title. The 30-year-old beat Matt Korobov for the title in December last year. American Peter Quillin failed to make the required 160lb weight on Friday night. Lee's next fight could be against Puerto Rican legend Miguel Cotto. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Josh Warrington beat Dennis Tubieron on points to win the vacant WBC International title. The 24-year-old has been billed as the next Ricky Hatton due to his impressive fan base. Warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against the Filipino. Tubieron fought for the same belt last December when he drew with Carlo Magali.
Jana Pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child, a daughter named Emily. The two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official Australian Olympic team's Twitter. Her seven-year-old son Cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named Emily, who was introduced to her mother's athletic ability while still in the womb. Footage of the heavily pregnant hurdler showed Pittman doing a training run on Sunday, just a day before going into labour.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer diffusion line sold out almost immediately online and in stores on Sunday morning. Items from the collection have since popped up on eBay for as much as ten times the retail price. Target has instated a 14-day return policy for the line, meaning rejected items will start popping back up in stores within the next two weeks.
Mounir Obbadi scored in the 90th minute to give Hellas Verona a 1-0 win against Fiorentina. Alessandro Diamanti had a penalty saved by Rafael Marquez in the second half. The Viola are now nine points behind third-placed AS Roma in Serie A. Vincenzo Montella's side host Dynamo Kiev in the Europa League quarter-finals.
Diego Simeone has admitted his surprise at the lack of English clubs in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the previous round. Simeone believes the Premier League should look at why Chelsea are so far ahead. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday.
Grayson Hand, who is battling leukemia, joins the Huskies with the help of Team IMPACT, an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams. Hand will have his own locker and can attend as many games and practices as he likes. His sister, Sophie, 7, was also named an honorary cheerleader.
It's been a longtime tradition for the Conga to play during Memphis Grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court TV screen. Spectators are often filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two, Malenda Meacham. Last year she was named NBA TV's Fan of the Year for her numerous air bongo performances.
'Halal' sex shop set to open in Islam's holiest city, Mecca, in Saudi Arabia. Shop will stock 'Islamically approved' adult items including'sensual aids' Cleric told Moroccan Muslim Abdelaziz Aouragh such a venture would encourage 'the improvement of the sexual relationship between husband and wife' First halal sex shop in predominantly Muslim country opened in 2013 in Turkey.
FC United of Manchester beat Stourbridge 1-0 to win Evo-Stik Northern Premier title. Greg Daniels scored the only goal of the game in the 69th minute. The club set up in protest at the Glazer family's takeover of Manchester United. It is the club's fourth promotion in their short history. They will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in May.
Nikki and Kyle Kuchenbecker from Illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song, Classic by MKTO. Video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on. To date, the clip of them in action has been watched more than 900,000 times.
The 53-second video, posted on YouTube, features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in South Gate on Sunday. About 25 seconds into the clip, the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her. Following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy U.S. Marshal - grabs her cell phone, throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage. South Gate Police Chief Randy Davis has confirmed that the man is with the U.
Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire will spend a few days at Carrington. Manchester United are looking to boost their squad ahead of next season's UEFA U19 Youth League competition. MK Dons have been crowned Youth Alliance South Cup champions for this season.
Footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in Santa Monica, Los Angeles, before he loses balance and falls headfirst. For a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach. He then rolls over several times and clutches his head in pain. The incident took place on April 1 on a sunny day in the morning.
Steve McClaren's future at Derby County will be decided at the end of the season. Newcastle United are interested in appointing McClaren as their new manager. Paul Clement is a leading candidate to replace McClaren if he leaves Derby. Clement is currently a Real Madrid coach and works with Carlo Ancelotti at the Bernabeu. Derby are looking to secure promotion to the Premier League next season.
Gianluigi Buffon has been playing in Serie A for the best part of 20 years. Juventus goalkeeper has played with the likes of Andrea Pirlo, Paval Nedved and Lilian Thuram. Former Real Madrid striker Ronaldo leads the line in Buffon's Champions League dream team. Lionel Messi, Roberto Carlos and Paolo Maldini complete the midfield.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg. Real have not beaten Atleti since Champions League final less than a year ago. Carlo Ancelotti's side have failed to win any of their last seven games against city rivals. Diego Simeone's men have won four of the last eight meetings between the two sides. Los Blancos lost 4-0 at the Vicente Calderon on February 7, their heaviest defeat in over four years. Atleti won the Spanish Super Cup and Copa del Rey last season.
Diego Simeone is hoping to lead Atletico Madrid to second successive Champions League final. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in the quarter-final of the competition. Simeone was involved in infamous confrontation with David Beckham during the 1998 World Cup knock-out match between England and Argentina. The 44-year-old has exacted revenge at every turn since Real Madrid's 4-1 defeat in last year's final.
Joe Gomez is valued at £8million by Charlton Athletic Bilbao. The 17-year-old is one of the most wanted young players in the country. Manchester City lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday. City are determined to sign more young English players.
Martina Hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on Saturday. The 34-year-old will face Agnieszka Radwanksa in the Fed Cup for Switzerland. Hingis won all five of her Grand Slam titles by the age of 18 before retiring in 2003. She was ranked No 1 in the world for 209 weeks in her prime and is poised to return.
Patrice Evra says Sir Alex Ferguson told him he would be a great coach. The former Manchester United defender says he got his coaching badges while at Old Trafford. Evra left the club on a free transfer to Juventus last summer after eight years. Ryan Giggs is currently Louis van Gaal's assistant at Manchester United.
The FA Cup was on show at Alton Towers ahead of this weekend's semi-final clash. Arsenal take on Reading at Wembley on Saturday in a repeat of last year's final. Arsene Wenger's side beat Hull City 3-2 in the final at Wembley last year. The Gunners are the current holders of the FA Cup, while Reading have never won the competition.
Football Shirt Friday is in memory of 1966 World Cup-winning captain Bobby Moore. Moore died from bowel and liver cancer on February 4, 1993, at the age of 51. Fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt. Bianca Westwood, Rob Lee and Clare Balding among those showing their support.
Wellington Silva signed for Arsenal in January 2011 for £3.5million from Fluminese. He has not been able to play for the club without a work permit for four years. The Brazilian has now been granted a Spanish passport, meaning he can play for any team in the European Union. Wellington has been on loan at Spanish side Almeria this season. Click here for more Arsenal news.
Mario Mandzukic clashed with Sergio Ramos and Dani Carvajal during the Champions League quarter-final first leg. The 28-year-old committed seven fouls, compared to 11 in total by Real Madrid. He had zero shots on or off target, completed just 18 passes over 90 minutes, and lacked the pace and darting runs Diego Costa delivers. Yet this was about playing rough, rather than scoring goals, and he played the role of warrior to perfection. No sooner had Fernando Torres left in 2007 for Liverpool, for example, than Sergio Aguero turned up, alongside Diego
Jan Oblak cost Atletico Madrid ¬16million (£11.5m) in the summer to replace Thibaut Courtois. Slovenian keeper has been in fine form for Atletico so far this season. Oblak has made Atletico fans forget about De Gea and Courtois in favour. The 22-year-old was already Slovenia's number one when he left Benfica.
Javier Hernandez is set to start up front for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid. The 26-year-old is on loan at the Santiago Bernabeu from Manchester United. Hernandez has scored a goal and created an assist in his last two games for Real. Barcelona take a 3-1 lead into their Champions League quarter-final second leg against PSG. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Jurgen Klopp announced his departure from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday. The German coach will leave the club in the summer after seven years in charge. Klopp has been linked with a number of leading clubs around Europe. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger branded the 'circus' around Klopp's decision as 'ridiculous'
Wilfried Zaha posted a photo on Instagram of him undergoing close-up shots. The Crystal Palace winger helped his side defeat Premier League strugglers Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday. Zaha has been in fine form for the Eagles since making his move to Selhurst Park permanent in February.
FC Rostov defender Ivan Novoseltsev proposed to girlfriend Katerina Keyru on the pitch. The Russian Premier League side beat Torpedo Moscow 1-0 at the Olimp-2 stadium on Monday. Novoselssev got down on one knee to propose to Keyru as his team-mates watched on. Keyru said yes and the happy couple embraced and kissed after the proposal.
This year's Vivid festival will feature the city's first interactive skyscraper illumination that can be controlled by visitors. Vivid starts on May 22 and runs until June 8 from 6pm-midnight each night, with over 60 light installations and 140 artists. The festival also includes a plethora of art, music and theatre shows as part of the exhibition.
Bayern Munich sporting director Matthias Sammer insists the Bundesliga giants must make plans to cope without the likes of Philipp Lahm and Xabi Alonso. The 47-year-old was speaking to BT Sport pundit Owen Hargreaves in an interview which took place before this week's Champions League defeat at Porto. Bayern will be hoping to bounce back from their 3-1 defeat by Porto when they face Hoffenheim on Saturday.
Ceahlaul Piatra Neamt sacked Brazilian coach Ze Maria for second time in a week. The Romanian club are 16th in the league, six points adrift of safety. Ze Maria replaced Florin Marin in January to become the club's third coach this season.
Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League semi-final second leg on Tuesday night. Zlatan Ibrahimovic was suspended for the first leg after he was sent off against Chelsea. Ibrahimovic spent a season at the Nou Camp with Barcelona in 2009/10. The Swede is past caring about what other people think of him.
Benik Afobe has scored 31 goals for Wolves and MK Dons this season. The striker is just one ahead of Tottenham striker Harry Kane in the scoring charts. Afobe says he feels 'unstoppable' as he aims to become the country's top scorer. Wolves have two games left in the Sky Bet Championship and are three points outside the play-offs.
The 90-second clip was filmed in an indoor area restricted to workers at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh. It shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck. They appear to be unaware they are being filmed by someone standing on an elevated walkway. Saudi Arabias General Authority for Civil Aviation confirmed that two supervisors and three baggage handlers have been sacked after the video surfaced online.
Reporter Roger Lohse was about to finish a report on a brush fire in Miami-Dade. His cameraman pointed out something behind him, and he went to investigate. Footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the blaze. Firefighters said it had been hiding in an empty beer box.
Custom-made piano features half a million Swarovski crystals. Created for an 'influential Sheikh' in Doha, Qatar. Made by Goldfinch, a Cambridge-based piano maker, took six months to build. Each crystal was applied by hand by artist Lauren Baker.
Anyone trying to access the bank's page for the Young Entrepreneur Awards was greeted by images of women posing naked or having sex. The porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011. HSBC yesterday removed the hyperlink from its main website after realising its embarrassing mistake.
Jesper Blomqvist was a key cog in Manchester United's treble winning season of 1998-99. The midfielder played 67 minutes in the late Champions League final win over Bayern Munich. He was one of few players Sir Alex Ferguson had to convince to move to the club. Blomqvists now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences.
A hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the Sydney's Opera House has gone viral for a second time. The video was originally posted by Sydneysider Darren Johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in June 2012. It was uploaded to Twitter on Tuesday morning by popular Sydney radio duo Fitzy and Wippa, before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources.
The 37-year-old presented Novak Djokovic with Sportsman of the Year award. Presentation took place at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Monte Carlo. Charlene cut a glamorous figure in an edgy navy leather jacket and tailored tailored dress. Among the guests were actors Benedict Cumberbatch and Henry Cavill.
Lihi Yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to the squirts of water at a public play area in Brooklyn, New York. Each time the water sprays, the canine flies through the air. His bemused owner can be seen standing at the sidelines holding on to the pup's leash.
Taylor Lynn Fast, 21, told police she had been bitten a day before police were called. 17-month-old Layla was found dead at her home in Festus, Missouri, on Sunday. She had severe injuries to her face and neck, and was bruised all over. Police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim. A three-year-old boy with a broken leg was also found at Fast's home.
Giorgio Armani, 80, admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who work out too much. He said he prefers a 'healthy' man who 'looks after his body but doesn't use his muscles too much' The Milan-born designer has never denied that he is gay, but condemned men who 'dress homosexual' He also declared that a homosexual man doesn't need to dress in a camp manner.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final. Ligue 1 champions require three goals to progress to the semi-finals. Zinedine Zidane is confident PSG can score three in the Nou Camp. PSG lost the first leg 3-1 at home last week as Luis Suarez scored twice.
Former England footballer has listed a second property for sale in Chelsea. The luxury penthouse by the Thames is on the market for £6.75million. Campbell bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at estate agents. It has since been extensively renovated by his wife Fiona Barratt-Campbell.
Porto host Bayern Munich in Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday. The Portuguese side lead 3-1 from the first leg at the Allianz Arena. Manager Julen Lopetegui believes his side will have to hit top form to progress. Bayern are missing Arjen Robben and David Alaba for Tuesday's clash.
Video footage shows Corporal James Bass of North Carolina sneaking up behind his son Joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop. Then, as the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took, he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there. 'Daddy!' Joshua exclaims, as he runs towards his father and gives him a big hug.
Black bears were spotted in the Government Hill area of Anchorage, Alaska, several days in a row. Wildlife authorities said they will kill the family after they started eating from trash cans. Residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the predators.
Paranormal investigator Jayne Harris has received influx of messages from people describing chest pains, nausea and crippling headaches after viewing photos and videos of Peggy. Some reported flashing visions of'mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety. One woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, even suffered an alleged heart attack after watching a video of Mrs Harris and Peggy in a car together.
Salford City won the Evo-Stik League First Division North title on 92 points. Title rivals Darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with Warrington Town. The Manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball. Gary Neville and Phil Neville took to Twitter to express their delight at gaining promotion. Ryan Giggs, Nicky Butt and Paul Scholes will no doubt be partying hard this week.
England are the most successful team in the history of the Victory Shield. The Football Association have decided to withdraw from future tournaments. Wayne Rooney, Sir Stanley Matthews, Duncan Edwards and Peter Shilton are all veterans of the long-contested tournament between the different associations within the United Kingdom. Wales are the current holders of the competition.
The video, shared by The New York Times on Monday, will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory. At the start of the ascent, the film shows the city as an expanse of wild vegetation and marshes before it was settled by the Dutch in the 1600s. Houses, churches, markets and bustling ports begin cropping up across Lower Manhattan as the Europeans make the city their home. The Brooklyn Bridge can also be seen stretching across the East River to Brooklyn.
Four Royal Navy sailors charged with the gang rape of a young woman at a party at a Canadian barracks must stay in Nova Scotia until they have been tried. They were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a Canadian naval base for the next few years. Bail was set at over £2,000 for each of them but they also agreed to surrender their passports. Under deal agreed with British government, they will also continue to work for the Royal Navy and draw their current pay.
Jay Hart, 24, caught having drunken sex with mystery blonde in dugout of Clitheroe FC. He was dismissed after clip of tryst at Mossley AFC in Tameside was shared on social media. His girlfriend Bryony Hibbert, 25, has slammed those responsible for filming and sharing clip. She said: 'Have a bit of decency for the people it's affected. Thank God my kids are too young to read. It's disgusting. I bet their families are far from perfect' His mother Dawn Hart 46, also revealed Jay's younger sisters have been targeted by trolls
Southend United beat Bury 1-0 on Tuesday night to move into fourth place. David Worrall's 74th-minute free-kick gave the Shrimpers victory at Bury. Phil Brown's side are now just behind Wycombe on goal difference. Bury had started the night a point ahead after beating Portsmouth on Saturday.
MK Dons beat Doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on Preston at the top of League One. Preston remain in pole position to join champions Bristol City in the Championship next season. Jermaine Beckford scored a brace to help his side defeat Notts County 3-1. Scunthorpe virtually guaranteed their third-tier status after a 1-1 draw at home to Bradford.
A rescue Sato named Bonnie is so afraid that she will be abandoned again that she can't bear to eat alone. In an adorable video posted to YouTube by user Jeannine S. with nearly one million views, puppy Bonnie can be seen lifting her dish to bring it over to her canine friend Clyde who is also scarfing down a meal.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Kolo Toure admitted Steven Gerrard was'sad' after the loss. But Toure said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans. Brendan Rodgers became the first Liverpool manager since the 1950s not to win a trophy in his first three years.
Angry Arsenal fan jumped over advertising board and ran at Arsene Wenger. Luke Bryant was sat with Southampton fans when he ran onto the pitch at St Mary's. The 25-year-old admitted 'going onto an area adjacent to a playing area' of the Football Act 1991. Bryant said he was frustrated with his club and 'just wanted his voice heard' The father-of-two was banned from attending games for three years and fined £500.
Didier Drogba has withdrawn from Monday's 'Match against Poverty' in St Etienne. Chelsea striker picked up ankle injury against Manchester United on Saturday. Diego Costa and Loic Remy both missed Saturday's 1-0 win over United through injury. Drogba played the full 90 minutes in Chelsea's last two games but is now a potential doubt for Sunday's trip to the Emirates Stadium with Arsenal.
Justin Rose finished tied for second at the Masters despite carding 14-under-par total. Rose had struggled to make the cut in three of his previous five tournaments. The Englishman wants to follow the lead of Rory McIlroy, who had a winning streak in the summer of 2014. McIlroy won the Open, Bridgestone Invitational and US PGA in the space of four weeks.
Caroline Wozniacki made her Roland Garros debut as a 17-year-old in 2007. The Dane has never won a grand slam title but has reached the US Open final twice. Wozniaki shared an Instagram picture of her looking through a collection of tennis garments, with the caption: 'Can't wait to wear this #aSMC dress at the French Open!'
Will Stevens has been using the facilities at St George's Park. The Manor driver is preparing to race in the Bahrain Grand Prix. Stevens was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential F1 drive. He has access to an exercise bike, treadmill and rowing machine.
Jockey Andrea Atzeni will ride Terror in Wednesdays Landwades Nell Gwyn Stakes at Newmarket. Terror finished fourth place in the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at the Rowley Mile last September. Trainer David Simcock said Terror has had a trouble-free preparation.
Jordan Spieth won his first major at the Masters on Sunday. Rory McIlroy failed in his bid to win all four major titles at Augusta. Graeme McDowell believes there are a lot of young players coming through. McDowell says Spieth is more like Jack Nicklaus than Tiger Woods. The Northern Irishman is targeting a career grand slam.
Many Clouds won the Grand National on Saturday with a weight of 11st 9lb. Trainer Oliver Sherwood has already turned his attentions to the National next year. Many Clouds could face a rematch with Cheltenham Gold Cup conqueror Coneygree in Newburys Hennessy Gold Cup in November. The winning jockey Leighton Aspell's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on Saturday since 1974.
Olly Barkley has extended his stay at London Welsh until 2017. The 33-year-old has previously played for Bath, Gloucester, Racing Metro, Grenoble and the Scarlets. Welsh are set to return to the Championship next season after finishing bottom of the Aviva Premiership.
Ruby Walsh warned the field to go wide at the Canal Turn. Balthazar King received treatment from a vet on the track for at least an hour. Phillip Hobbss gelding was able to walk away from his fall. Walsh's mount Ballycasey also walked away from the fall.
Many Clouds won the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree on Saturday. The race was won by jockey Leighton Aspell, who won last year's National on Pineau De Re. Many Clouds was a third winner of the race for owner Trevor Hemmings. AP McCoy will end his career at Sandown on April 25. CLICK HERE for all the latest racing news.
Brian O'Driscoll believes Roman Abramovich style investment is needed to turn English clubs back into a European force. Saracens are the only English team left in this weekend's Champions Cup semi-finals. The Aviva Premiership side face Clermont Auvergne in Saint Etienne on Saturday. ODiscoll admits scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous for English clubs.
Wasps team-mate Christian Wade did not turn up to a charity function. The Matt Hampson foundation's event was on Wednesday, named after the former England U21 prop. Danny Cipriani, Shaun Edwards and Mark Cueto were among the stars at the 'Beers with the Boys' night in Birmingham. Guests were also treated to a Haka performance by Leicester team-mates Manu Tuilagi and Logovii Mulipola.
Saracens take on Clermont in the Top 14 semi-final at Stade Geoffrey-Guichard. Wesley Fofana, Julien Bonnaire and Billy Vunipola will be key to Saracens' game plan. Brock James and Charlie Hodgson will have to be wary of each other. Clermont must be wary Jacques Burger after his display at Twickenham last year. Sarries must keep their fans quiet and not concede penalties.
Jeff Williams has agreed a deal to join Aviva Premiership side Bath. The 26-year-old will move to the Recreation Ground for next season. Williams is an England Sevens international and has scored 36 tries on the World Series circuit. He helped England win the Tokyo Sevens earlier this month.
Ankit Keshri died after suffering a cardiac arrest following an on-field injury. The 20-year-old collided with a team-mate while attempting to take a catch in a senior one-day match match in Kolkata. Keshri was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man. Sachin Tendulkar and Ajinkya Rahane among several Indian stars to pay tribute.
Ian Bell says he never expected England to win the series in the West Indies. West Indies hung on for a draw in the first Test in Antigua last week. Ian Bell scored a magnificent hundred in the second Test, but England lost the match. Jason Holder hit a maiden century to help West Indies to a thrilling draw in St George's. England face the Windies in the third and final Test on Tuesday.
Ulster and Ireland prop Declan Fitzpatrick has been forced to retire on medical grounds. The 31-year-old had 'experienced a number of concussive episodes' in recent seasons. Fitzpatrick won seven caps for Ireland and made 98 Ulster appearances.
Liam Plunkett and Mark Wood impressed in the nets on Sunday. Moeen Ali has joined up with the England squad after missing the first Test. England face West Indies in the second Test in Antigua on Tuesday. Chris Jordan was the fastest bowler at 91mph in the first match of the series. CLICK HERE for all the latest cricket news.
Clermont Auvergne face Saracens in Champions Cup semi-final on Saturday. Jonathan Davies says Clermont are'sharpening the blade' ahead of the clash. Davies says the French side are relishing the prospect of facing Northampton. Clerson thrashed English champions Northampton 37-5 in the last-eight tie.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone scored a reported world-record 350 for Nantwich Town in a National Club Championship match against Caldy on Sunday. The 21-year-old all-rounder plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings. Nantwich skittled Caldy for just 79 to secure a staggering 500-run victory.
Surrey reached 363/3 on day one of LV= County Championship match against Glamorgan. Kumar Sangakkara made a hundred on his Surrey debut batting at No 3. Former England batsman Kevin Pietersen was dismissed for 19. The 34-year-old had looked in good form before edging behind off the bowling of Craig Meschede.
Mark Selby beat Ronnie O'Sullivan in last year's final to claim his maiden Crucible title. No first-time champion in Sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on. Selby is equipped with the form to be a repeat winner, having lifted the German Masters and China Open titles this year. His match with Maflin concludes on Saturday, the only clash to finish on day one of the tournament.
Marcelo Bosch has signed a contract extension at Saracens. The 31-year-old was the hero of Sarries' Champions Cup quarter-final win over Racing Metro. Bosch kicked a penalty with the game's final kick to secure a 12-11 victory in Paris. He joined Sarries from Biarritz in 2013.
The SRU have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history. BT will take over from ousted backers RBS from the summer. The Scotland Women's team will also wear the national jersey with the BT logo on it as will all age-grade sides. All form of jersey advertising is banned during the forthcoming Rugby World Cup in England later this year.
Mark Selby won the World Snooker Championship at the Crucible last year. No first-time winner has retained his title the next year at the Venue in Sheffield. Kurt Maflin is one of four players making their first appearance in the main draw. Selby will face the debutant in the first round on Saturday.
Michael Phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the Arena Pro Swim Series. Phelps won the race in Mesa with a time of 52.38 seconds, edging out Ryan Lochte. The 18-time Olympic gold-medallist was suspended by USA Swimming for failing a drink-driving test. 29-year-old Phelps is aiming to compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Caster Semenya reclaimed the South African 800-meter title on Saturday. The former 800 world title-holder won in 2 minutes, 5.05 seconds in Stellenbosch. Semenya's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the Worlds in Beijing in August.
Arsenal Under-21s lost 3-2 to Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium on Monday. Deyan Iliev was sent off for the Gunners after just 15 minutes. Middlesbrough built up a two-goal lead before half-time through Lewis Maloney and Yanic Wildschut. Daniel Crowley pulled one back for Arsenal on the hour mark but it was not enough. Arsenal have lost their last two games in succession after losing to Reading.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Juan Mata returned to Stamford Bridge for the first time since leaving the club. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to end United's six-match winning run. Mata says his side can take positives from the game after dominating possession. The Spaniard also congratulates Chelsea on their title challenge.
Alex Hales was unbeaten on 222 not out at stumps on the opening day of LV= County Championship match against Yorkshire at Trent Bridge. Hales scored his runs from 250 balls, with 37 fours and a six. It was the first double hundred of Hales' career as Nottinghamshire reached 393 for seven.
Tony Pulis has never managed to finish in the top half of the Premier League. The West Brom boss faces a battle to keep his side out of the bottom three on Saturday. Pulis won promotion with Stoke City and got Palace to the FA Cup final last season. Alan Pardew has a top-five finish at Newcastle United on his cv. Mark Hughes and Mauricio Pochettino have both managed to get their teams into the top eight.
Hull City travel to Southampton without a win in five games this season. Steve Bruce's side are just two points above the bottom three in the Premier League. The Tigers boss admitted his side need some 'crazy results' to avoid relegation. Allan McGregor could lose his place in the side after a pair of high-profile blunders.
Liam Phillips won the 2013 BMX world title and 2014 World Cup series. The 26-year-old from Burnham-on-Sea is hoping for glory in Rio in 2016. Phillips is taking part in the Manchester World Cup event this weekend. He is determined to reclaim the world title he won in Auckland two years ago.
Aaron Cook was left out of the GB taekwondo squad for London 2012. The 24-year-old wants to represent Moldova at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. British Olympic chief Bill Sweeney says there was nothing that could have stopped Cook switching. He says the British Olympic Association worked'really hard' to keep Cook on board.
Thousands of Newcastle fans boycotted the club's last game, a 3-1 defeat at home to Tottenham on Sunday. Mark Jensen, editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk, fears longer-term consequences. He said: 'There's a danger that you are turning all these people off Newcastle United and going to the match, especially with the rival attraction of being able to watch it in your local pub'
Alan Pardew's five-game winning run was crucial to Newcastle's season. The Magpies would have been on 20 points without that run. Pardew was sacked by the club in December after a poor run of form. John Carver is proving he's not cut out for top-level management, with two wins in 14 games.
Leicester City beat Swansea City 2-0 at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Nigel Pearson's side have now won three games in a row for the first time since 2000. The Foxes are now 17th in the Premier League, five points above the relegation zone. Leonardo Ulloa scored his first Premier League goal in 647 minutes against Swansea. Esteban Cambiasso will surely be named Leicester's player of the season.
Dele Alli signed for Tottenham for £5million in February. The 19-year-old was immediately loaned back to MK Dons. Alli was crowned the Football League Young Player of the Year on Sunday night. Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Sam Allardyce's contract at West Ham expires at the end of the season. Garry Monk has been touted as a potential replacement for the Hammers boss. Swansea boss Monk insists West Ham have the right man in place at Upton Park. Monk has led his side to a record-equalling 47 league points with six games left.
Ryan Hardie scored twice on his full debut for Rangers against Dumbarton. The 18-year-old had made just four substitute appearances before facing the Sons at the Dumbarton Stadium. Mark Wilson opened the scoring for the visitors after just two minutes. But Hardie struck again three minutes into the second period. Haris Vuckic scored a spectacular third and Rangers eased to victory. Stuart McCall promised his students would be given their chance to impress.
Rangers currently lead the way in the race for second spot in the Scottish Championship. Stuart McCall's side trail Hibernian by one point and Queen of the South by six. The Ibrox side face Dumbarton on Saturday as they look to hold on to second spot. McCall is relaxed about the prospect of finishing third in the Championship.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 48th minute at the Stadium of Light. Yannick Bolasie scored a second-half hat-trick to put the Eagles into an unassailable lead in the second half. Connor Wickham scored an 89th-minute consolation goal for the Black Cats. Alan Pardew's side now have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care in the Premier League.
Dave King plans to return to the Ibrox boardroom if he can overcome SFA obstacles. The South Africa-based businessman ousted the previous directors last month. King has 41 convictions under South African tax law. He also faces questions about his role as a director when the club went into liquidation.
Liverpool will miss out on Champions League football next season. Brendan Rodgers will be without Mario Balotelli, Mario Borini, Rickie Lambert and Divock Origi. Danny Ings, James Milner, Petr Cech, Asier Illarramendi and Memphis Depay are all targets. Click here for more Liverpool transfer news.
Sam Allardyce has warned Aaron Cresswell that the grass isn't always greener. The West Ham full back has been linked with a move to Manchester City. Allardyce believes Jack Rodwell and Scott Sinclair are examples of British signings. Cresswell scored a stunning free-kick against Stoke at Upton Park on Saturday. Click here for more transfer news.
Tehsin Nayani spent six years as spokesman for the Glazer family. His book, 'The Glazer Gatekeeper: six years speaking for Manchester United's silent owners', challenges popular perception about the US bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening takeover in 2005. Nayani claims Malcolm Glazer had little to do with the takeover, leaving it to his sons. He also reveals that the Glazers were huge fans of Sir Alex Ferguson and never considered sacking him.
Wojciech Szczesny was treated to a special 25th birthday celebration on Saturday. The Arsenal goalkeeper was joined at his London home by his girlfriend Mariana Luczenko. Polish rock band Lemon performed a private birthday performance for the goalkeeper. Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in a tense FA Cup semi-final to reach the final for the second year running. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Ross McCormack gave Fulham the lead after eight minutes with a header. Johann Gudmundsson equalised for Charlton with his 10th goal of the season in the first half. Fulham now sit 20th in the Championship, eight points clear of fellow London rivals Millwall. Manager Kit Symons was pleased with his side's performance despite the result.
Martin Odegaard is expected to go out on loan from Real Madrid next season. Pedro could be on his way out of Barcelona after falling down pecking order. Sergio Samper has been earmarked as Barcelona's long-term successor to Sergio Busquets. Asier Illarramendi and Munir El Haddadi could also leave the Bernabeu in the summer.
FC United of Manchester's new 5,000-capacity stadium is nearing completion. Broadhurst Park is a far cry from the glitz of Old Trafford, seven miles away. It cost around £6.5m, half of which came from the pockets of the democratic club's 4,000 members. The club is expecting a 20 per cent rise on their average attendances.
John Carver says he has the hardest job in football as Newcastle United head coach. Carver is the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with Mike Ashley's running of the club. Thousands of supporters are planning to boycott Sunday's match against Tottenham Hotspur. Derby manager Steve McClaren has been tipped as a replacement for Carver.
Mauricio Pochettino believes Harry Kane and Ryan Mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since returning from England duty. Pochettino hopes to see a big improvement when Spurs face Newcastle. Kane has been one of the stars of the Premier League, scoring 29 goals in all competitions for Tottenham.
Ashley Young moved to Manchester United from Aston Villa in June 2011. The 29-year-old acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at Old Trafford. Young now feels he has an important role to play under Louis van Gaal. Winger feels he and Wayne Rooney have had to share the responsibility.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final first leg on Tuesday. The Old Lady's starting line-up had an average age of 30years 64days. Gianluigi Buffon (37), Giorgio Chiellini (30), Stefan Lichtsteiner (31), Patrice Evra (33), Andrea Pirlo (35) and Carlos Tevez (31) all started the match at the Juventus Stadium. Inter Milan hold the record for fielding the Champions League's oldest side with 31y 331d. Portsmouth's 32y 105
Manny Pacquiao takes to Instagram to show off his ripped physique ahead of Las Vegas showdown. Filipino boxer meets up with NBA star Jeremy Lin and AC Slater actor Mario Lopez. Pacquiao will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing and will have just one more fight.
Newcastle keeper Tim Krul congratulated Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher and Danny Murphy criticised Krul for his actions. But Krul's actions were not out of order, and Defoe's strike was worthy of congratulating him. Football is a game that has become detached from its roots, says Martin Samuel. Krul's gesture was not the problem, it was the right thing to do.
Tomas Berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the Monte Carlo Masters. Milos Raonic had to retire with a foot injury during the quarter-final clash. Berdych will face either Grigor Dimitrov or Gael Monfils in the last four. Rafael Nadal will play David Ferrer and Novak Djokovic will face Marin Cilic.
Enner Valencia has found goals hard to come by at West Ham this season. Jose Mourinho is ready to revive his interest in the Ecuadorian in the summer. Chelsea have offered Patrick Bamford a new contract but he will go out on loan. The Blues have an interest in Raheem Sterling but know it will be tough to get him. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke insists his side must be 'perfect' to have any chance of beating the Gunners. The Royals boss has never beaten Arsene Wenger as a manager. Wembley is the perfect place to start as Reading look to reach the final for the first time.
Amir Khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on May 30. He announced Chris Algieri as his opponent in a YouTube video last week. Khan has been criticised for rejecting the chance to fight Kell Brook at Wembley in June. Reports in America suggest Showtime are not interested in showing a fight between the pair. World champion Brook returned to action last weekend and beat Jo Jo Dan.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, Mo Farah and Greg Rutherford set to compete at Sainsbury's Anniversary Games. Three gold medallists set to return to Olympic Stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza. The event includes the worlds only two-day Diamond League meeting from July 24-25. Tickets are now on sale to the general public for the event at the Olympic Stadium.
Wojciech Szczesny will start in goal for Arsenal against Reading. Arsene Wenger admits the Polish international lost his place to David Ospina after a number of errors this season. Ospina has won 11 of 12 Premier League games since the Polish keeper was deposed. Petr Cech is expected to sign for Chelsea in the summer.
Manchester City stars trained at their Etihad Campus base on Wednesday. Manuel Pellegrini's side face West Ham United in the Premier League on Sunday. Striker Sergio Aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice. Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri are reportedly two players City are willing to listen to offers for in the summer.
Adrian Heath is manager of the newest MLS team Orlando City. The former Everton and Manchester City midfielder has been in the league for eight years. Orlando sold out their opening game last month at the Citrus Bowl. Frank Lampard has signed a two-year contract with New York City and Steven Gerrard will join LA Galaxy in the summer.
David Villa spent a year at Atletico Madrid before joining MLS side New York City FC. The former Spain forward cheered on his old club during the Champions League clash. Atletico drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in the quarter-final first-leg tie at the Vicente Calderon. Villa is enjoying life in the Big Apple and has been named club captain.
Ronda Rousey paid a visit to Manny Pacquiao's Los Angeles training camp. The UFC women's bantamweight champion said she was 'truly honoured' to meet the Filipino. Pacquiao posted an image of the pair on his Twitter page after the visit. Rousey said she would spend her combined career fight winnings to get a seat as close to the ring as possible for the fight with Floyd Mayweather.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Middlesbrough this season. The 21-year-old striker has been prolific in loan spells at Boro, Derby and MK Dons. Chelsea are understood to be in talks with Bamford over a new contract. Bamford is currently on a £7,500-a-week deal at Stamford Bridge. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
NBC have transported their entire Premier League production from their HQ in Stamford, Connecticut, to England for this weekend's round of matches. In 2012-13, some 13 million different Americans watched at least one top-flight English game live. Last season that was 32 million  or more than one in 10 people in the US. Lifelong Crystal Palace fan Lowe is married to former Cheltenham manager Paul Buckle.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will hold an open workout on Tuesday night. The session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12am UK (7pm EDT) The pair will fight in Las Vegas on May 2.
Manny Pacquiao will be put through his paces at the iconic Wild Card gym in Los Angeles. Floyd Mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout. Pacquiao has promised to be on time - and you can watch it here from 11pm.
Obi Okele is the owner of Fusion Luxury Motors in Abu Dhabi. Floyd Mayweather rang him at 3am to order a £1.5million Bugatti to be delivered in 12 hours. The super-car was delivered just 11 hours later and added to his collection. Okele has also had to deal with Mayweather ordering a Ferrari Enzo at 2am. Click here for more boxing news.
Grigor Dimitrov beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1, 6-2 in the Monte Carlo Masters. The Bulgarian will now face Gael Monfils in the quarter-finals. Dimitrov hit 41 unforced errors in the defeat of the defending champion.
Rafael Nadal beat John Isner 7-6 (8-6) 4-6 6-3 in the Monte Carlo Masters. The Spaniard will now face David Ferrer in the quarter-finals. Roger Federer was knocked out by Gael Monfils in straight sets. Federer was playing his first tournament since losing to Novak Djokovic.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The fight is expected to generate around $400m (£273m) in revenue for both fighters. Kenny Bayless and Tony Weeks are both frontrunners to referee the fight. Mayweather recently revealed he is within three pounds of the welterweight limit. Click here for more boxing news.
Manny Pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by directing and performing in a new music video. The Filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in 'I'm fighting for Filipinos' The 36-year-old will take on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao will be hoping to become the first fighter to defeat Mayweather.
Atletico Madrid have sold Sergio Aguero, Diego Forlan, Diego Costa, David De Gea, Thibaut Courtois, Diego Ribas, Jan Oblak and Diego Costa. The secret of their success is often exactly that  a secret. No club has used the third-party ownership lenience in Spain more to its advantage than Atletico Madrid. Jorge Mendes has worked closely with the club and with its managing director Miguel Angel Gil Marin across the last five years. Gil has picked his agent friends well, worked the loophole in the system - one Fifa want to close
Reading face Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Steve Clarke wants the scheduling of matches in England to improve. The Royals had to play their FA Cup replay against Bradford on a Monday after playing a Championship match two days earlier. If they progress to the final, they will have to wait until May 30 to play again.
Floyd Mayweather's chef reveals he gets his energy from sweets on'snack day' 'Chef Q' fills two shopping trolleys and spends $321.43 (around £220) on the champ's snacks. Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao.
Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 with Real Madrid in their Champions League clash. Atletico defender Miranda was not happy with the performance of referee Milorad Mazic. The Brazil international questioned why officials from'minor leagues' should referee such a high-profile game. Mario Suarez has also taken a swipe at the Serbian official after the game.
Philipp Lahm and Owen Hargreaves played together at Bayern Munich from 2000-2007. Lahm was speaking as part of BT Sport's special documentary 'Inside Bayern Munich' The World Cup winner praised Bayern manager Pep Guardiola's tactical approach. The 31-year-old is currently gearing up to take on Porto in the Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Theo Walcott will open talks with Arsenal in the next two weeks. The 26-year-old has just over 12 months left on his current £90,000-a-week deal. Liverpool and Manchester City are both interested in signing the England winger. Walcott has been a peripheral figure for Arsenal so far this season. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 with Atletico Madrid at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday night. Gareth Bale missed the best chance of the game early in the first half. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale failed to find the net in a poor performance. Ronaldo left the pitch with a fan trying to hug him at the end of the match.
Real Madrid drew 0-0 Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Mario Mandzukic was involved in scraps with Sergio Ramos, Raphael Varane and Daniel Carvajal. Paul Scholes has criticised the Croatian striker for over reacting to challenges. The former Manchester United midfielder claims he was'making a meal' of his opponents. Scholes believes Atletico have the upper hand going into second leg at Bernabeu.
Eric Cantona has refuted claims he starred in a soft porn film. You and the Night has a number of racy scenes, with Cantona on his hands and knees in just his underwear in one scene. The former Manchester United star insists it is 'beautiful' and 'a work of art' Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai.
Eight of Manchester United's first-team squad and six from Manchester City are from Spain or Spanish-speaking countries. David de Gea, Victor Valdes, Juan Mata, Ander Herrera, Angel di Maria, Willy Caballero, Pablo Zabaleta, Martin Demichelis, Sergio Aguero (all Argentina), Jesus Navas and David Silva (both Spain) at City. Nine English-speakers are expected to be in the two sides respective 18-man squads including Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, James Milner and Frank Lampard. Unless Tyler Blackett makes
Yannick Bolasie scored a hat-trick as Crystal Palace beat Sunderland 4-1 on Saturday. Brad Guzan was in fine form for Aston Villa as they beat Tottenham 1-0 at White Hart Lane. Ron Vlaar and Nacho Monreal were solid for the visitors at the back. Fabian Delph was a bright point in an otherwise disheartening season for Villa. Aaron Ramsey scored the winner as Arsenal beat Burnley to keep up their recent good form.
Wilfried Zaha was signed by Sir Alex Ferguson for £10million in January 2013. But the terms of the transfer saw him loaned back to Crystal Palace for the rest of the season. He didn't arrive at Old Trafford until the summer of that year and made just four appearances. Zaha says he felt 'worthless' watching from the stands during his time at United. Louis Van Gaal told him he wasn't part of his plans after Capital One Cup snub.
Eric Cantona believes Javier Pastore is the best player in the world. The former Manchester United striker was speaking at the Laureus World Sports Awards in Shanghai. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have both scored 51 goals this season. Pastore has netted three goals and made five assists for Paris Saint-Germain.
Real Madrid drew 0-0-0 with city rivals Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night. Real could have settled the tie in the first half... 'but Oblak said no' Barcelona face Paris Saint-Germain in Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Arturo Vidal scored the only goal as Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in the quarter-finals. Neymar will start for Barcelona, according to Spanish paper Marca.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday in their Premier League clash at Dean Court. Kieran Lee and Yann Kermorgant scored for the Cherries before Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty for the Owls. Matt Ritchie had given the visitors the lead in the 85th minute with a stunning free kick. Simon Francis was sent off for the visitors in the 78th minute for two bookable offences.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has scored 17 Ligue 1 goals for Paris Saint-Germain this season. The Swedish striker was suspended for PSG's Champions League quarter-final first leg against Barcelona last week, but will be available for selection ahead of the return fixture. Marco Verratti has heaped praise on his team-mate Ibrahimovic for his role off the pitch.
Eric Cantona believes Manchester United are 'kings of the city' again after beating Manchester City 4-2 on Sunday. The United legend believes Louis van Gaal is the right man for the job at Old Trafford. Cantona was speaking at the Laureus Sports Awards in Shanghai on Tuesday. He also defended his role in latest film You And The Night, dubbed'soft porn' because of explicit sex scenes.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. The Cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the Championship going into stoppage time. Yann Kermorgant and Matt Ritchie scored for Bournemouth before Chris Maguire scored from the spot. Eddie Howe was frustrated that his side were not awarded a 'clear-cut' penalty.
Petr Cech has fallen behind Thibaut Courtois in the pecking order at Chelsea. The 32-year-old posted a YouTube cover of 'Magnificent' by U2 on Tuesday. Czech Republic international has won three league titles, four FA Cups and the Champions League at Chelsea since joining in 2004.
Gonzalo Higuain opened the scoring for Napoli with a smart finish after 15 minutes. Marek Hamsik doubled the visitors lead midway through the first half. The Slovakian midfielder added a third after the break to make it 3-0. Substitute Manolo Gabbiadini made it 4-0 moments after coming on as a second-half substitute. Nicklas Bendtner pulled one back for Wolfsburg with a goal in the 80th minute. Napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the Europa League.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Ricardo Quaresma scored twice as the Portuguese side progressed to the last eight. Porto are unbeaten in the Champions League this season after beating Basle 5-1 on aggregate. Jose Mourinho led Porto to Champions League glory 11 years ago. Julen Lopetegui had only managed two seasons at club level with Rayo Vallecano and Real Madrid B before impressing in the Spanish youth ranks.
Todd Phillips was struck by the car of Francesco Dracone during the inaugural IndyCar Grand Prix of Louisiana. Dracone spun while exiting his put box, clipping Phillips' leg. Many cars struggled with traction during the race after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag.
Arjen Robben has missed Bayern Munich's last four matches with an abdominal injury. Holland ace has said he has felt 'physically disabled' during his spell on the sidelines. Robben is close to returning to full fitness and will be able to start running soon. The winger hopes to return for Bayern's cup match against Borussia Dortmund.
Jurgen Klopp announced he would be leaving Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. He has been at the club for seven seasons, winning two Bundesliga titles, the German Cup and reaching the Champions League final in 2013 at Wembley. Klopp was emotionally charged during the press conference as he couldn't resist showing his sadness. But he also had moments where he laughed along with his boss Michael Zorc. Like Pep Guardiola and Jose Mourinho, Klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager.
Alvaro Arbeloa, Asier Illarramendi and Nacho gave adidas a tour of Real Madrid's state-of-the-art training complex. Each player has their own personalised room in the complex, which is part-owned by the council. There are also communal suites where Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez can socialise in their spare time. Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday night.
Some fans in the East Stand at the Etihad will now have to pay over £1,700 for a season ticket. Club say seats have been upgraded and now come with a different package. They also point out that they still have 8,000 seats below Manchester Uniteds cheapest offering. Manuel Pellegrini's side are currently fourth in the Premier League table.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in their Premier League clash on Sunday. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after Cheikhou Kouyate elbowed him in the face. The Spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and has been taken to hospital. Manuel Pellegrini's side bounced back from their defeat in the Manchester derby. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester City news.
Russia and Montenegro's Euro 2016 qualifier was abandoned after 67 minutes. A flare, hurled from the stands, hit Igor Akinfeev on the head in the opening seconds of the game. The keeper was carried off the field to hospital for tests before making a full recovery. UEFA have awarded Russia a 3-0 walkover after the match in Podgorica. Montenegro have been ordered to play their next two qualifying games behind closed doors. One of those matches is suspended for two years while Montenegro are fined £36,280.
Manchester City's Under 18s lost 3-1 to Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final final first-leg on Monday night. City captain Vincent Kompany, manager Manuel Pellegrini and head of youth development Patrick Vieira were all in attendance. Tammy Abraham fired Chelsea ahead in the seventh minute with a stunning volley. Isaac Buckley and Dominic Solanke scored for City before half-time. Chelsea's first-team are currently top of the Premier League.
Ashley Young gave Manchester United the lead after 14 minutes with a thumping header from Marouane Fellaini's cross. Juan Mata doubled the Red Devils' advantage in the 67th minute with a close-range finish. Sergio Aguero pulled one back for Manuel Pellegrini's side late on to make it 3-2 but United held on for the win. The result leaves United six points clear at the top of the Premier League, while City are six points adrift of the Champions League places.
Paul Aldridge will leave Sheffield Wednesday at the end of next season. Chairman Dejphon Chansiri said the trio would form 'a three-man sporting director by committee' at Hillsborough. Wednesday have brought in Adam Pearson and Glenn Roeder to work alongside head coach Stuart Gray.
Patrick Bamford won the Championship Player of the Year award on Sunday. The 21-year-old has scored 17 goals on loan at Middlesbrough from Chelsea this season. Bamford is hoping to help Aitor Karanka's side get promoted to the Premier League. Chelsea loanee hopes to be part of Gareth Southgate's England Under 21 squad.
Chelsea agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese tyre manufacturers Yokohama Rubber in February. The west London club are believed to have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. Jose Mourinho admits that Chelsea do consider sponsorship interests when signing new players. Muto has scored three goals in four games for the Japanese club so far this season. Click here for more Chelsea transfer news.
Moeen Ali has been named as an ambassador for the Pak Reds in Pakistan. The 27-year-old has been called up for England's final two Tests in the West Indies. He joins former Liverpool club doctor Dr Zaf Iqbal, tennis player Aisam-Ul-Haq and BBC Asian Network presenter Noreen Khan as Pak Reds ambassadors.
Josh Mantellato scored four tries and kicked 14 points for Hull KR. Adam O'Brien and Etu Uaisele scored tries for Bradford Bulls. Kris Welham, Lee Gaskell, Danny Addy and John Boudebza also crossed for the Robins. Ryan Shaw kicked five goals for the hosts.
Alvaro Morata went down under a challenge from Ricardo Carvalho in the box. Referee Pavel Kralovec hesitated, possibly consulting his goal line assistant, before pointing to the spot. Monaco manager Leonardo Jardim described the decision as a 'huge injustice' Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal scored the winning goal from the spot in Turin.
Javier Pastore has dismissed Eric Cantona's claim that he is the best player in the world. The former Manchester United forward said Pastore is 'the best' Pastore believes Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are a class above him. PSG face Barcelona in the second leg of their Champions League tie on Tuesday.
Aaron Murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as Huddersfield Giants beat Catalans Dragons 38-14. Murphy, 27, has now scored six tries in his last five appearances. Ukuma Ta'ai, who also scored twice, caught and off-loaded a kick from Danny Brough. Leroy Cudjoe and Willie Tong clashed after a simmering feud boiled over.
Gary Cahill has won four cups with Chelsea since joining the club in 2012. Cahill believes winning the Premier League would be his most testing achievement. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday in the league. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Newcastle United lost 3-1 at home to Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday. Jamie Carragher says Mike Ashley has turned the club into a 'boring' club. The Sky Sports pundit says he's alarmed at what has become of Newcastle. Thousands of fans boycotted Sunday's game in protest at the club's situation.
PSG face Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Tuesday. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti back from suspension, but Thiago Silva and David Luiz are injured. Laurent Blanc says his side must give a better account of themselves than they did in the first leg. PSG lost 3-1 to Barca in Paris last week, with Luis Suarez scoring twice.
Bangladesh beat fellow World Cup quarter-finalists Pakistan by 79 runs in Dhaka. Tamim Iqbal and Mushfiqur Rahim scored centuries as Bangladesh made 329 for six. Pakistan could only muster 250 in reply. The second ODI takes place in Mirpur on Sunday.
Andy Lee makes the first defence of his WBO middleweight title against Peter Quillin. The Irishman is confident he has improved since winning the title last year. Quillin is a former champion but is yet to taste defeat as a professional. Lee says he has made 'unbelievable progress' in the last year in the gym.
Carl Frampton and Scott Quigg are set to fight at Manchester Arena on July 18. Eddie Hearn unveiled a cheque for £1.5m to Sky TV cameras in a bid to force a deal with the IBF super-bantamweight champion. Framptons promoters, Cyclone Promotions, released a press release in response to the offer, claiming they were awaiting formal communication from Hearn's Matchroom Sports before renewing negotiations. TV rights were believed to be a major stumbling block in negotiations.
Sean Reardon was pulled over for suspected drink driving in Chico, California. 30-year-old claims he was wrestled to the ground and beaten by police officers. Video footage shows him being hit with a baton or stick as he lay on the ground. Reardon was twice over the legal limit for driving and had traces of drugs in his blood. Officers claim Reardon had failed to appear at court on gun charges and refused to raise his hands. Footage has emerged as tensions over police brutality have increased in America.
The Tour Down Under is a big part of the international cycling season and contributes more to the South Australian economy than the F1 Grand Prix. A trip to Adelaide's Central Market is enough to convince anyone that Adelaide is the true food capital of Australia. Some of the best wine is made within an hour's drive of the city, from the Barossa Valley to McLaren Vale. The Flinders Ranges make you feel as if you're a million miles from civilisation.
Bridget Olinda Garcia, 32, had confiscated her 13-year-old's mobile phone. She was bundling him and his three siblings into her car when he jumped on the hood. Garcia allegedly drove 200 feet with her son on the car before stopping. The boy was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries to his hip, knee and foot.
The 28-year-old fitness expert has over two million subscribers to her YouTube channel, Blogilates. In a new video, Cassey strips down to her underwear, examining, pinching and prodding her body to find places that people say she could improve upon. She also manipulates her body in a simulation of real-life Photoshop to show viewers what it's like to face negative comments.
Kit Dale, from Melbourne, Australia, created the shirt to keep the boys away from his daughter. 'Stay Clear Boys,' a message on the shirt warns. 'This is my dad!' The image was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security' at the weekend.
Steven Pienaar has made just 11 appearances for Everton this season. The 33-year-old midfielder has been dogged by groin and knee injuries. He returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with Swansea. But muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over Burnley last weekend.
More and more women are demanding their own'she sheds', places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own. They range from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock Tudor pavilions with tiled floors. Some have even installed a diner in theirs, complete with working jukebox and fifties-style restaurant booths.
The 250-piece Lilly Pulitzer for Target collection sold out online and in stores on Sunday morning. Lilly Leas, the 26-year-old granddaughter of the late Palm Beach fashion trendsetter, managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online, but only because she set an alarm. Mrs Pulitzer's own daughter Liza, 58, said that her mother 'would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get a piece of Lilly'
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final second year in a row at Wembley. Gunners striker Danny Welbeck says he has settled in well at the Emirates Stadium. Welbeck admits he has been unlucky in front of goal, but wants to play in a more central role. Striker scored against Manchester United in the last round of the competition.
Chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. The Blues have announced a partnership with Technogym. Eden Hazard and Nemanja Matic among those pictured hitting the gym. Chelsea face Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday afternoon.
Radamel Falcao spent Thursday evening in the company of Jonas Gutierrez. Newcastle United defender Gutierrez underwent treatment for testicular cancer earlier this year. Falcao posted a picture of the pair on his Instagram account on Thursday evening. Colombia striker has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. The 29-year-old has scored four goals in 22 appearances for Manchester United this season.
Celtic are now eight points clear of Aberdeen with five games to play in the Scottish Premiership. Gary Mackay-Steven opened the scoring for Celtic with a superb free-kick in the 32nd minute. Virgil van Dijk doubled the lead for Ronny Deila's side in the 63rd minute with a stunning strike. Jim McAlister scored a late consolation for Dundee with a header in the 87th minute.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. The $300million mega-fight is billed as the biggest in the history of boxing. Pacquiao has been showing off his toned physique in recent weeks. Mayweather is looking to put an end to his current unbeaten record in the ring.
Commercial diver Johnny Debnam was free diving in the ocean off the coast of Western Australia. He was completely motionless in the seagrass, with the enormous 150 kilogram ray rubbing itself back and forward over his body. I was totally at peace. I loved that thing going over the top of me, he said. It did it three times and I wanted it to do it again.
Raymond van Barneveld beat Michael van Gerwen 7-3 in the 'battle of Holland' Robin van Persie was a spectator as he watched the bout on a camel TV. Phil Taylor ended his losing run after beating Dave Chisnall and drawing with Stephen Bunting. Adrian Lewis won his third match on the bounce, beating Bunting, 7-2. Gary Anderson fought back form 6-2 down to earn himself a draw against James Wade.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 to advance to the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side are top of La Liga and will face Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final. Eric Abidal was part of the Barcelona side that won the treble in 2009. The Frenchman says the current crop are on their way to achieving the feat. Abidal was speaking at the launch of the Eric Abidal Foundation.
Sergio Ramos opened the scoring for Real Madrid in the 24th-minute. James Rodriguez doubled the lead for Carlo Ancelotti's side in the second half. Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty but scored the rebound to make it 3-1. Gareth Bale went off injured after less than five minutes at the Bernabeu. Luka Modric is now a doubt for Wednesday's clash with Atletico Madrid. Real Madrid close the gap on Barcelona to two points at the top of La Liga.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud died last Friday at the age of 84. Prime Minister Tony Abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to Benaut's wife, Daphne, which she declined. Benaut's family opted for a smaller service at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park attended only by family and close friends. Former teammate Brian Booth led the service.
Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane scored for Tottenham. Jack Colback had given Newcastle the lead in the 46th minute with a well-placed left-footed strike. The Magpies are now seven points above the relegation zone, having lost six in a row in all competitions. Newcastle fans boycotted the game in protest at Mike Ashley's running of the club.
Divock Origi signed for Liverpool from Lille for £10million last summer. The 20-year-old has scored nine goals during his season-long loan at Lille. Simon Mignolet has been advising Origi about life at the club and in Liverpool. Belgium international has also received messages from the club's management team.
Josh Meekings will learn on Thursday if he has been successful in challenging his one-match suspension. FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce says the SFA were 'entirely wrong' in their move. Meekings was charged over the handball that thwarted a Leigh Griffiths effort in Inverness's 3-2 win over Celtic in their Scottish Cup semi-final victory. Celtic have written to the Scottish FA seeking 'an understanding' of why no penalty and red card was given.
FIFA and UEFA have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations' independence. Greece's Football Federation (EPO) could be suspended from international competition over government interference should a proposed new law be voted in. The Greek government has put together a new set of regulations in an attempt to crack down on violence at sports events.
West Ham defender James Collins put through his own net after just 18 minutes to give the Hammers the lead at the Etihad Stadium. Sergio Aguero doubled the lead in the 36th minute with his 20th Premier League goal of the season to make it 2-0. David Silva was taken off on a stretcher after being elbowed in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate in the second half and taken to hospital. Manuel Pellegrini's side have now won three of their last nine Premier League games after a run of six defeats in their previous eight.
David Moyes was sacked by Manchester United exactly a year ago. Louis van Gaal has led the club back into the top four this season. Both have made mistakes but Van Gaal seems to have the strength of personality to correct them. Moyes failed to get the best out of Wayne Rooney and Marouane Fellaini. Van Gaal has been criticised for building play too slowly.
Carlo Ancelotti and Diego Simeone were runners-up at the Ballon d'Or in January. Simeone is understood to have asked the Real Madrid boss how life was in Madrid. Ancelotti reportedly said he was happy in Madrid and keen to stay, but that life would be a lot easier if Atletico Madrid weren't around. Ancelotti has lost three times in 12 games against Atletico and was beaten 4-0 in La Liga in February. The Italian coach has been beaten twice by his nemesis in the league this season.
A 4WD has burst into flames at Sydney airport's international terminal. The outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on Thursday. Witnesses captured footage of NSW Fire and Rescue crews working to put out the flames. It is believed the fire started in the engine in the car.
The 50-year-old man collapsed and died at his hotel in the tourist town of Kuta in bali. He was unable to be revived, but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack. An autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death. It's believed that the man is from Seymour in Victoria and was holidaying at the Bali resort.
Baggage pushers like this are used at airports all over the world to sort luggage. The mechanism strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it. It is not known where this video was taken, although it is believed to be an international airport.
Tegan Peters, 22, from Auckland New Zealand, found a ball deliberately covered in sharp pins in Ti Rakau Park, south of Auckland. She noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over, thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old Rottweiler-cross, Odin. Ms Peters said she initially thought she would be able to take the pins out and possibly still give the ball to the dog but she was surprised to find that there were broken up pieces inside the ball. It was definitely deliberate, I honestly think it was made
Michael J from Michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter Leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a French fry to lure over the family pup, Zayla. Footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up. She's then handed another fry - but this time around she decides to ration the chunk of potato and breaks it in half.
Insurers are increasingly using'reasonable care' clause in contracts against holidaymakers. This means they are not liable if people did not take care to protect their property. Firms check social media to see if people have announced they will be away on holiday. Police have warned that would-be thieves will often check social networks.
Warren Sapp, 42, was arrested the night after the Super Bowl in Phoenix, Arizona, on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women. In a police video released on Monday, Sapp, cries, cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on February 2 in the Renaissance Hotel. He told police one of them began performing oral sex on him - they stayed safe and used a condom - but the other annoyed him by chatting. Sapp was charged with soliciting prostitution and two counts of assault. Britney Osbourne, 23, and Quying Boyd, 34, were
Paul Warren Smith, 61, is facing an animal cruelty charge after police say he was caught on tape tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the Humane Society on Saturday. In the video, the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that they landed on their feet. All five puppies are healthy and uninjured; each will be put up for adoption when they are at least 8 weeks old. A Humane Society employee discovered four of the puppies in the yard Saturday afternoon and the
Ryanair flight from Madrid to Manchester was due to land at 11.25pm on Friday. But passengers disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at Terminal 3. They claim they were not asked for documents but were able to stroll past empty cubicles. Schoolteacher Clinton Lakin, 46, called the lack of security 'ludicrous' He said: 'Every passenger on that plane walked through without a passport check in Britain'
Tory leader hit back at BBC after being left baffled by questions on Sunday. Andrew Marr claimed he had said his favourite sport was fox hunting in Countryside Alliance. But in an article for the magazine, Mr Cameron actually said he was a'strong supporter' of country sports. Marr later admitted he had made an error but insisted it was 'cock up not conspiracy' Today Mr Cameron revealed he thought it was wrong at the time of the interiview.
The young German Shepherd puppy named Kali bounces about the decking playfully. Its adopted mother watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor before nudging it with her nose. After keeping a close eye on Kali, the mother gets up and follows the young dog over to the corner. Obediently, Kali makes a complete turn and skips off in the direction that she is being sent.
The man, who has not been named, fell onto tracks at U Street station in Washington, D.C., Tuesday afternoon. He was pulled up from the rails by two men who leaped down after him. It is unclear exactly what caused the electric wheelchair to roll over the lip of the platform.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the SPL. Virgil van Dijk wants to win the SPL title as soon as possible. The Dutch defender scored in Celtic's 3-1 win over the Hoops at Hampden Park.
Patrick Bamford has scored 19 goals for Middlesbrough this season. The striker is on loan from Chelsea and is the Championship's Player of the Year. Bamford hopes to become Chelsea's answer to Tottenham's Harry Kane. But he faces an uphill struggle at a point in his career when he should be breaking through.
Traffic had started to build up on the M58 around Switch Island in Merseyside. But one driver in a silver Mercedes wasn't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic. He attempted to sail up the inside lane in a sneaky bid to avoid having to wait. To his shock, a silver Renault driver pulled into the inside lanes to block the Mercedes. The two cars can be seen swerving around the lane for more than a minute. Eventually the Mercedes driver catches up to the Renault with the man shouting and pointing.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Porto were beaten 7-4 on the night and 3-1 on aggregate in the Champions League. The team bus was met with a hero's welcome as it returned to Porto on Wednesday. Fans mobbed the squad congratulating them on their Champions League run. Manager Julen Lopetegui admitted his side were beaten by a much better team.
Raheem Sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out. It is claimed that the video was taken at his home in Southport in the days before a game. Sterling scored in Liverpool's 2-0 victory over Newcastle United on Monday night. But the 20-year-old missed a great chance from six yards in the 56th minute.
Chelsea and Manchester City are both interested in signing Nathan. Atletico Paranaense attacking midfielder Nathan would likely be loaned out. The 19-year-old has been in a contract dispute with his club. Nathan would join fellow Brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Chelsea.
Ron Aydelott, head coach for the Riverdale High School Warriors in Murfreesboro for nearly ten years, suffered serious facial injuries in the attack, which will require surgery. The 17-year-old alleged attacker reportedly became violent after he felt 'disrespected' The boy was reportedly in the coach's office in order to turn in paperwork concerning his trying out for the team. 'He basically just got attacked': 'The kid just went nuts on him,' said the school principal.
The 20-day-old kid was born with four forelegs and two hind legs. Xiao Qibin, owner of the farm, said the kid is healthy and growing quickly. The kid has become one of the most playful animals on the farm in Chaohu, eastern China.
Tony Pulis has had scouts watching Nice forward Alassane Plea. The 22-year-old has scored three goals this season and can also play as an attacking midfielder. Former Blackburn defender Bryan Dabo is also under scrutiny by West Brom. Pulis is keen on bolstering his forward options ahead of the summer transfer window.
Sergey Burkaev, 16, and Konstantin Surkov, 17, are accused of murder and rape. They are said to have killed four girls at a house party in south-west Russia. Pair'stabbed a third victim to death after arguing about their stolen mobile phones' They then killed the four girls they were with so they couldn't tell police about the murder. The vodka-fuelled duo doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight, police say. If convicted, the pair could face life in jail for the horrific crimes.
James Milner's Manchester City contract expires at the end of the season. Brendan Rodgers is keen for Milner to fill the void left by Steven Gerrard's departure. Milner is frustrated by reports suggesting he has already outlined a move to Anfield. The midfielder wants to ensure City finish the season as strongly as possible. Click here for Manchester City transfer news.
Edinson Cavani is a target for Serie A champions Juventus, according to Italian newspaper Corriere dello Sport. Juventus want to pair the PSG striker with fellow South American Carlos Tevez. Manchester United are also interested in signing the Uruguayan striker. Cavani's agent Claudio Anelucci says his client is most likely to move to England or Spain.
Lazio beat Napoli 1-0 in the Coppa Italia semi-final second leg on Wednesday night. Felipe Anderson set up Senad Lulic's winner for Lazio's winner at the San Paolo stadium. The 21-year-old Brazilian midfielder has been in strong form this season. Paris Saint-Germain, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool are keeping tabs on him. Gonzalo Higuain is unsettled at Napoli with Rafa Benitez set to leave in the summer.
Andre Gomes has been linked with a move to Premier League duo Manchester United and Chelsea. The 21-year-old says he wants to stay at the Mestalla and ply his trade in Spain. Gomes has netted four times in 25 La Liga appearances since leaving Benfica last summer.
Memphis Depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games for PSV this season. The Dutch international has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United. PSV director Marcel Brands says chances of Depay leaving are'very high' Louis van Gaal worked with Depay during Holland's successful 2014 World Cup campaign.
Marc Tierney is set to announce his retirement from football on Thursday. The Bolton defender fractured his ankle playing against Yeovil in September 2013. Tierney was set for a call-up to the Republic of Ireland squad prior to injury. 29-year-old joined Bolton from Norwich in 2010 after being released from Carrow Road.
Oribe Peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn America a 1-1 draw against the Montreal Impact in the CONCACAF Champions League final. Nigel Reo-Coker captained the Impact for 76 minutes before he was replaced. Ignacio Piatti had opened the scoring for the Canadian side with a first-half strike. The second leg of the final will be played at Olympic Stadium next Wednesday.
Chelsea have made an offer for FC Tokyo forward Yoshinori Muto. The 22-year-old has played for the J-League side since 2013. Muto will join Chelsea's Dutch partner club Vitesse Arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to Stamford Bridge this summer. Chelsea signed a £200million sponsorship deal with Japanese company Yokohama Rubber in February. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Martin Skrtel has been linked with a summer switch to Wolfsburg and Napoli. The 30-year-old's contract at Liverpool expires in 2016 and he has made over 200 league appearances for the Reds since arriving in 2008. Skrtel's agent Karol Csonto has confirmed it's unlikely he will leave Anfield. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on selfie they like. Two in three women (64%) feel anxious just having their photo taken, survey found. 41% of children did not think their mother was happy with the way she looked. ITV's Good Morning Britain is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media.
Siem de Jong played 72 minutes for Newcastle U21s against Aston Villa on Tuesday. It was his second appearance for Peter Beardsley's side since recovering from surgery. De Jong has only made three senior appearances and one league start this season. The Dutchman was a £6million summer signing from Ajax but has struggled with injuries. Newcastle face Swansea in the Premier League on Saturday.
Retired policeman Spencer Bell, 71, had bravely ventured on to the motorway near Watford, Hertfordshire, after a man fell from a bridge in January last year. But as he tended the victim  Alan Tretheway, 67  he was struck by a Toyota driven by mother-of-three Iram Shahzad. She was sentenced to 14 months imprisonment, suspended for two years, and banned from driving for 18 months.
Abou Diaby's contract at the Emirates expires at the end of the season. Arsene Wenger has hinted he could offer the midfielder a new deal. But only on a pay-as-you-play basis due to his poor injury record. Diaby will be allowed to use the club's state-of-the-art training facilities. The 28-year-old has made just 22 appearances in four seasons for the Gunners.
Gloucestershire Police were called to the incident on an unregistered road between the A417 and Cowley. The driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree. Police say they are considering pursuing the driver for a driving offence.
David Silva received an elbow to the face from Cheikhou Kouyate during Man City's 2-0 win over West Ham at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. The Spaniard was taken off on a stretcher and taken to hospital to be assessed. Tests have confirmed the playmaker did not suffer a fracture to his cheekbone. But Man City say he will still need careful monitoring this week as they wait to learn the full extent of the problem.
Brendan Rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season. Liverpool have failed to win a trophy for the first time since the 1950s. The Reds were dumped out of the FA Cup semi-finals by Aston Villa on Sunday. Stan Collymore believes Rodgers is still the right man to take the club forward.
David Silva was injured after being caught in the face by Cheikhou Kouyate's elbow. The 29-year-old required eight minutes of treatment on the field at the Etihad Stadium. Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 in their Premier League clash on Sunday. Vincent Kompany was forced to watch from the stands as he continues his recovery.
Aston Villa beat West Brom 2-0 in the FA Cup quarter-finals. Villa fans invaded the pitch after the full-time whistle at Villa Park. Reading fans invaded Bradford's pitch after their 3-0 replay win. The Royals lost 2-1 after extra-time to Arsenal in the last eight. Both clubs have until Thursday to respond to the charge.
Tomas Berdych defeated Gael Monfis 6-1, 6-4 in the Monte Carlo Masters semi-final. The Czech sixth seed will face either Rafael Nadal or Novak Djokovic in the final. Gael Monfils won just 11 points in a lopsided first set as he struggled to cope with the big-hitting Czech.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr faces Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. His sparring partner Jeremy 'J Flash' Nichols gives a mock interview. Nichols mocks the Filipino's religious faith and claims his mother uses Voodoo. Click here for all the latest boxing news.
Gregory Benoist has been signed up to race under the Al Shaqab banner in France. Frankie Dettori will be left to focus on the British Flat season this summer. Sheik Joaan Al Thani insists that he is happy with his choice. AP McCoy was unplaced on his final ride at Cheltenham but rides in the Scottish Grand National.
Saracens lost 24-21 to Clermont in the European Champions Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne. Wesley Fofana scored a superb second-half try for the French side. Sarries fly half Charlie Hodgson missed two crucial penalties for the hosts. Maro Itoje and the Vunipola brothers were both impressive for Sarries.
Kevin Pietersen scored 170 for Surrey in his first game of the season. But he only managed 19 against Glamorgan in the LV= County Championship. Gary Ballance, Ian Bell and Joe Root all scored centuries in the first Test. Alastair Cook has not scored a Test century in 33 innings for England. Mike Gatting believes Pietersen should not walk straight back into the England set-up.
West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin confirmed that leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo will play in Tuesday's second Test. Wrist spin has long been a bete noire for England batsmen. The 29-year-old comes into the game in place of the dropped Sulieman Benn in superb form.
Pakistan appear set to host Test-playing opposition in their home country for the first time in more than six years. Zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month. No tourists have played in Pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on Sri Lanka's team bus in Lahore in March 2009. Six policemen and two civilians died, and several of the tourists were injured.
Golden State Warriors lead New Orleans Pelicans 1-0 in the Western Conference play-off series. Stephen Curry scored 34 points as the Warriors cruised to a comfortable win. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors in overtime to level the series at 1-1. Game Two in the best-of-seven Western Conference series is on Monday night.
Saracens host Clermont Auvergne in a repeat of last year's European Cup semi-final in Saint-Etienne's Stade Geoffrey-Guichard. Owen Farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash. Maro Itoje will start at blindside flanker following a string of impressive performances. Veteran fly half Charlie Hodgson will run the show for Saracens.
Alastair Cook has not scored a Test hundred since May 2013 against New Zealand. The England captain is unbeaten in four Tests but needs runs and a victory to stay in the job. Cook has not passed 25 in 21 of his 33 innings and his Test average of 45.65 is lower than at any time since the 2010-11 Ashes. England face West Indies in the second Test in Antigua starting on Sunday.
This year marks the 40th anniversary of snookers most prestigious tournament. Barry Hearn has revealed he is close to extending deals with Sheffield City Council, and broadcast partner the BBC, both of which expire in 2017. Tournament favourite Ronnie OSullivan has said he would love to equal Steve Davis' haul of six Crucible crowns.
Scott Sinclair is currently on loan at Aston Villa from Manchester City. The winger has scored three goals in 10 games for the Midlands club. Sinclair wants to make his loan move permanent at the end of the season. Villa face Arsenal in the FA Cup final on May 30.
Danny Ings has scored nine Premier League goals for Burnley this season. The 22-year-old is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. Ings has also been linked with moves to Borussia Monchengladbach and Real Sociedad. But the Burnley striker says he wants to play and develop wherever he ends up.
Charlotte Dujardin won the Grand Prix at the World Cup in Las Vegas. The 29-year-old, and her horse Valegro, won the world title in Lyon last year. Dujardin recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of Edward Gal.
Southampton beat Blackburn Rovers 2-1 in the Under 21 Premier League Cup final. Sam Gallagher scored the winner in the second leg at St Mary's on Monday night. Ronald Koeman was in the crowd and Gallagher hopes he impressed him. The 19-year-old had a breakthrough season under Mauricio Pochettino last term. But injuries have hampered his progress this season and he is yet to make the cut.
Fernando Torres spent three-and-a-half seasons with Steven Gerrard at Liverpool. The pair struck up a close friendship during their time together at Anfield. Torres has struggled for form since leaving the club and is on loan at Atletico Madrid. He has only scored four goals since returning to Spain in January. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Harry Childs, Jack Hutchins, Dean Foreman and Bradley Pack were sentenced for affray on Friday. The incident occurred after last season's 3-3 draw between QPR and Burnley at Loftus Road on February 1, 2014. Childs, Hutchins and Foreman were found guilty of the offences on March 6 with Pack previously entering a guilty plea. All four men also received six-year Football Banning Orders.
Jonas Gutierrez was dropped from Newcastle squad for Sunday's 3-1 defeat by Tottenham. Argentinian was dropped following a training-ground row with John Carver. Gutierrez was upset after being left out of starting XI for 3-0 loss at Liverpool. The 31-year-old has twice beaten testicular cancer and will not be offered a new deal.
Jermain Defoe posted a photo of him enjoying a game of basketball on Instagram. Sunderland are in the middle of a Premier League relegation battle. The Black Cats are without a game this weekend and have a tough run-in. Defoe has scored just three goals in 11 league appearances for the Black Cats.
Glenn Murray opened the scoring for Crystal Palace in the 48th minute. Yannick Bolasie doubled Palace's lead in the second-half with a stunning hat-trick. Darren Wickham scored a late consolation for Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. Sunderland have now lost four games immediately after their Tyne-Wear derby victories.
Sunderland are two places and three points above the relegation zone. Black Cats have won just one in nine games and are odds-on to finish in the bottom three. Dick Advocaat has never been relegated during his 28 years as a manager. Advocaat says Sunderland are not a physical team and need physical players.
Nelson Oliveira is on loan at Swansea from Portuguese giants Benfica. The 23-year-old has found it tough to make an impression in south Wales. Oliveira has made seven of his eight Swansea appearances from the bench. He is set to make his second Premier League start against Leicester on Saturday. Bafetimbi Gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks with hamstring injury.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter is 'proud' of Russia's preparations to host the 2018 World Cup. Blatter met Vladimir Putin on a World Cup visit to Sochi on Monday. The 79-year-old is expecting a 'wonderful' World Cup in Russia in 2018.
Manchester City sporting director Txiki Begiristain watched Porto vs Bayern Munich. Yacine Brahimi, Alex Sandro and Kevin de Bruyne all on City's transfer wish-list. Manuel Pellegrini is under pressure to deliver success at the Etihad Stadium. City are currently fourth in the Premier League with 64 points from 33 games.
Harry Redknapp says Tottenham have not made any progress under Mauricio Pochettino this season. Tottenham are currently occupying a place only in the top six in the Premier League. Harry Kane, Ryan Mason, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason have played a key role. Pochettino has put faith in the likes of Kane, Bentaleb, Mason and Andros Townsend. Redknapp also criticised the club's recruitment policy after selling Gareth Bale.
Martin Odegaard was dropped by manager Zinedine Zidane for B-team Castilla. The 16-year-old was substituted after 65 minutes against Tudelano with the club's second team a goal down. Odegaard is understood to be on £40,000 per week but struggles to find a balance between mixing with the first and second team. He chose Madrid over Liverpool and Manchester but it has been suggested other Castilla players resent the starlet training with Madrid's first team.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena to reach the semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's trousers tore at the top of his leg during the game and Bild lead with the headline '6-1! It even bursts Pep's pants!' Kurier report on a 'fixed' Bayern Munich while Abola report on Porto's 'terror in Munich' Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp to seal a 5-1 aggregate victory.
Jon Moss will take charge of FA Cup final between Aston Villa and Arsenal. Mark Halsey has slammed the FA's decision to overlook Mark Clattenburg. Former Premier League referee says English game will be a 'laughing stock' over the decision. Clattenburg is one of only two English referees in the UEFA elite ranks.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 16 games for Cordoba this season. The 22-year-old Romanian has been called up to the Romania squad. Villa scouts have been alerted to Andone's progress and have opened talks. Tim Sherwood is also interested in Wolves winger Bakary Sako and Tom Carroll.
Tottenham beat Newcastle 3-1 in their Premier League clash at St James' Park. Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season to put the result beyond doubt. Mauricio Pochettino believes the striker has more to give at White Hart Lane. Nacer Chadli, Christian Eriksen and Jack Colback scored the other goals for Spurs. Newcastle boss John Carver says Magpies are engaged in a survival fight.
Tottenham signed Dele Alli from MK Dons for £5m in January. The 19-year-old has scored 14 goals for the League One side this season. Alli was named Young Player of the Year at the Football League Awards on Sunday. England have been drawn in Group B of the Toulon Tournament with China, Ivory Coast, Mexico and Morocco.
Charles N'Zogbia turned up for Aston Villa training in flamboyant outfit. Tim Sherwood became famous for wearing a gilet during his time at Tottenham. Shay Given took to Twitter to ridicule N' Zogbia's choice of attire. The goalkeeper described the wide man's outfit as 'the worst ever'
Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Real Madrid's Valdebebas training ground after Portugal's 2-1 win against Serbia on Sunday evening. He was pictured greeting Gareth Bale, who scored twice in Wales' 3-0 win against Israel. Carlo Ancelotti led the first-team - and talented youngster Martin Odegaard - in training. Los Blancos host Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday in 11am kick-off.
Charlie Pye applied for Aston Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked in February. The 6-year-old was pipped to the post by boss Tim Sherwood. Sherwood wrote a letter to Pye congratulating him on his credentials and wishing him luck. Pye said he would have appointed his parents as assistant managers if he had got the job.
Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. The Gunners won the trophy last season after coming from behind to beat Hull in the final. Per Mertesacker will not allow his side to become complacent ahead of the clash. He believes they have become stronger as a team since last season's FA Cup success. Arsenal have won 16 from 18 matches in all competitions so far this season.
Sportsmail brings you the latest team news, odds and stats ahead of the weekend's Premier League and FA Cup action. Click here for all the latest Premier League, FA Cup and League Cup fixtures. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge (5.30pm) Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday (1.30 pm) Newcastle host Tottenham Hotspur at St James' Park on Sunday (4pm)
Martin Odegaard signed for Real Madrid from Stromsgodset for £2.3m in January. The 16-year-old has been dropped from the club's B-team Castilla. Real Castilla were top of their regional third division when he made his debut. After a run of four straight defeats, they dropped to seventh place. Odegaard is said to be on a different wavelength to his Castilla team-mates. If Castilla fail to go up to the second division he will be loaned out next season.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the current season. Per Mertesacker says Klopp would be a great manager in the Premier League. The Arsenal defender says Klopp has proved he is 'top-level and can teach a lot' Klopp has been tipped to replace Arsene Wenger as Arsenal boss in the summer.
Oscar has not played a full 90 minutes for Chelsea since January. There have been suggestions that the Brazil international could leave Stamford Bridge. But the 23-year-old says he is happy at Chelsea and won't be leaving in the summer. Chelsea currently lead the Premier League by seven points with a game in hand.
Floyd Mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world and nicknamed 'Money' Marvin Hagler believes Mayweather lacks class and puts people to sleep with his performances. Hagler was speaking on the 30th anniversary of his epic three-round fight against Thomas Hearns. Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
David Seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in FA Cup history. Former Arsenal keeper made the save against Sheffield United 12 years ago. Seaman says it was the best one he has ever made during his career. The 51-year-old says it tops his penalty heroics for England at Euro 96. Arsenal face Reading in the FA Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Joe Calzaghe enjoyed a holiday in Barbados with his girlfriend Lucy. The former undisputed super-middleweight world champion retired seven years ago. Calzaghe won all 46 of his professional fights during a stunning career. He retired after victories over Mikkel Kessler, Roy Jones Jnr and Bernard Hopkins.
Danny Ings is a target for Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal. The Burnley striker is out of contract in the summer and could move to Old Trafford. Ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the Premier League. Click here for more Manchester United transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Manny Pacquiao released his own walk-out tune ahead of his $300m mega-fight with Floyd Mayweather Jnr. The tune, which sounds somewhat like an 80s rock ballad, actually translates as 'I will fight for the Fillipino' The 36-year-old wrote and sang the tune before releasing it on his Facebook page. Pacquiao will take on Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2.
Michael van Gerwen and Raymond van Barneveld head into Premier League Darts' ninth leg in Manchester on Thursday. World No 1 Van Gerwen beat fellow Dutchman 7-2 last week to remain undefeated. The pair posed with Manchester United stars Daley Blind and Robin van Persie at Old Trafford on Wednesday. Van Gerwen was sensational in Dublin last Thursday averaging over 108 and hitting seven 180s, as well as narrowly missing a nine-darter. But defeat by Gary Anderson on Thursday could spell elimination for the 47-year-old.
Phil Taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose 7-4 against Dave Chisnall. The defeat sees the 16-time World Champion finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth. Raymond van Barneveld survived elimination on 'Judgement night' with a 6-6 draw against Gary Anderson. Peter Wright was cruelly eliminated on leg difference after losing to Adrian 'Jackpot' Lewis. Kim Huybrechts also suffered Premier League elimination after losing 6-4 to Stephen Bunting. Michael van Gerwen continued his unbeaten record as
Richie Benaud has died aged 84. The former Australia captain and cricket commentator died on Friday. Benaud played in 63 Tests, 28 as captain, before retiring in 1964. His final commentary in England was at the 2005 Ashes series. He continued to work in Australia until 2013.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice in extra-time to send Arsenal through to FA Cup semi-final. Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici made an agonising error in the 106th minute. The ball rolled through his legs and trickled over the line as he tried to retrieve it. Federici left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tried to console him. Arsenal will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa in the final at Wembley next month.
Ian Bell hit his 22nd Test century to rescue England after a top-order collapse. Jonathan Trott was caught in the slips in the first over of the first Test in Antigua. West Indies fast bowler Kemar Roach bowled England captain Alastair Cook clean bowled for 11 runs. Gary Ballance was the third wicket to fall to a bad shot with just 34 on the board. Joe Root and Ben Stokes put on 177 for the fourth wicket with Bell adding 174 with Stokes unbeaten on 71.
Radamel Falcao moved to Manchester United on a season-long loan last summer. The Colombian has struggled to hit the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury. United will have to pay £46million to make the loan deal permanent. Nabil Dirar believes Falcoua would have been better off staying at Monaco.
John Carver has called on the advice and support of Alan Pardew and Alan Shearer. Newcastle fans are planning to boycott the next home game against Tottenham. Carver was in the dugout alongside Pardews at the end of last season. Pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline amid a toxic atmosphere. Toon boss Carver does not expect a repeat of the poison of 12 months ago.
Raheem Sterling scored the opener in Liverpool's 2-0 win over Newcastle. The 20-year-old hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before the game. Sterling has been accused of inhaling nitrous oxide and smoking a shisha pipe. Brendan Rodgers said he will speak to Sterling about his responsibilities. Liverpool boss said Sterling's behaviour would be dealt with internally.
Manchester City beat West Ham 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. An own goal by James Collins and Sergio Aguero's 20th Premier League goal of the season was enough to give City the three points. Frank Lampard started his fifth Premier League game for City but struggled to impress. Pablo Zabaleta and Jesus Navas both impressed for Manuel Pellegrini's side.
Several hundred Newcastle United fans gathered outside St James' Park before kick-off. Protest group AshleyOut.com had urged fans to boycott the game against Tottenham Hotspur. Supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from the club. Sunderland fans hired a plane to fly over St. to boast about their Tyne-Wear derby wins.
Manchester City host West Ham United at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. City had won their last five games against West Ham by an aggregate score of 14-1. But the Hammers beat Manuel Pellegrini's side at Upton Park in October. Winston Reid says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing City. West Ham have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions.
Carlo Ancelotti has been linked with a return to the Premier League. But Real Madrid boss insists he will remain at the Santiago Bernabeu next season. Barcelona, Real, Atletico Madrid and Valencia all play within six hours of each other on Saturday. Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri has told his players to 'get rid of the ghosts' Edinson Cavani and Gonzalo Higuain could replace Carlos Tevez at Juventus. Marseille lost 1-0 at Nantes to all but end their hopes of winning Ligue 1 title.
Rafa Benitez is set to leave Napoli at the end of the current season. The Napoli boss was made Chelsea interim manager in 2012. Chelsea fans never warmed to him after he made a number of derogatory comments about the club during his time at Anfield. Benitez got the best out of his squad for the rest of the season and won the Europa League.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk has called Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini a 'weak manager' Toure's performances have come under the microscope amid City's poor run. Seluk has criticised the club's chief executive Ferran Soriano and director of football Txiki Begiristain. The agent said it was wrong to criticise Toure and blamed the manager and executives.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. The Blues held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match. That is their lowest total over 90 minutes since Opta started recording this sort of data in 2006. Jose Mourinho says he doesn't care about statistics and just wants to get results.
Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic has been linked with a summer move to Real Madrid. Potters boss Mark Hughes has played down the latest reports linking him with a move. Bosnia international is out of contract at the Britannia Stadium in 2016. Hughes is hopeful of tying up the signing of teenage winger Moha El Ouriachi. The 19-year-old Moroccan-born player is set to sign for the Potters.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-2 in their Champions League clash at the Parc de Princes on Wednesday night. Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona after 18 minutes with a curling effort past Salvatore Sirigu. Luis Suarez doubled Barcelona's lead in the second half as he nutmegged David Luiz for a second time. The Uruguayan then scored his second goal of the night to make it 3-0 to the Catalan giants. Suarez scored his sixth goal in six Champions League games for Barcelona, taking his tally to
Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu says the club are'very happy' with Luis Enrique. The 44-year-old only took charge of the club last summer, signing a two-year deal. Barcelona are currently six points clear at the top of La Liga. Enrique's side beat Valencia 2-0 on Saturday with goals from Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid against Rayo Vallecano on April 8. The 30-year-old only needed 288 games to reach the landmark figure. Ronaldo was presented with a special shirt with '300 goals' written on the back by Real Madrid club president Florentino Perez on Friday. Karim Benzema will miss Real Madrid's clash against Malaga on Saturday.
Lionel Messi has been linked with a move away from Barcelona earlier this year. Josep Maria Bartomeu has reiterated the club's stance that Messi will always have a place at the Nou Camp. The Argentine has been with the Catalan giants since the age of 13. Messi scored his 400th goal for Barca in Saturday's 2-0 win over Valencia. Barca face PSG in the Champions League quarter-final second leg on Tuesday.
Radamel Falcao joined Manchester United on a one-year loan deal in September. Colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at Old Trafford. Monaco vice-president Vadim Vasilyev claims United are yet to decide whether to make the deal permanent. Vasilyev says United are keeping their options open for the summer.
Leonardo Jardim's Monaco face Juventus in Champions League quarter-final. Les Rouges et Blancs are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg in Turin. Jardim insists he is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm. Monaco have signed Radamel Falcao, James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho for big money. But Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons.
Manny Pacquiao's conference call about his fight against Floyd Mayweather was cancelled during media event. The Filipino could only answer one question due to technical issues. Top Rank spokesman Lee Samuels blamed the cancellation on the large number of boxing writers and broadcasters who were on the call. Mayweather is due to address the media on Wednesday.
Jordan Henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at Liverpool. The midfielder had 14 months remaining on his current deal at Anfield. Henderson's new deal is expected to be worth around £100,000-a-week. His new deal will run until the summer of 2020. Raheem Sterling has rejected a new deal but talks are expected to resume in the summer.
Rafa Benitez admits he tried to sign Andre Schurrle before he joined Wolfsburg. Napoli boss also admits he wanted to sign Luiz Gustavo and Ivan Perisic. The former Chelsea boss won the Europa League as Blues boss in 2013. Benitez's Napoli side travel to Wolfsburg for Europa League quarter-final first leg. Dynamo Kiev face Fiorentina, Club Bruges take on Dnipro and holders Sevilla host Zenit.
Luis Suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season. The Uruguayan striker admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at the Nou Camp. Brazilian ace Neymar aims a knee at the groin area of fellow South American striker Luis Suarez. Neymar shows no remorse as he walks away from a stricken Suarez.
Franco Di Santo scores winner for Werder Bremen in 1-0 defeat of Hamburg SV. Argentine striker nets 84th-minute penalty to keep Europa League hopes alive. Valon Behrami was sent off for bringing down Zlatko Junuzovic in the box. Bremen move up to seventh on 38 points with victory in the northern derby. Hamburg are bottom of the Bundesliga with just five matches left to play.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in extra-time to reach the FA Cup final. Alexis Sanchez's low shot squirmed through the legs of Adam Federici in the 106th minute. Wenger accepted his side were 'a bit lucky' to beat Reading at Wembley. The Gunners will now face Chelsea in the final at Wembley on May 30.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool after impressing at last summer's World Cup. The 19-year-old was loaned back to Lille for this season but has struggled. Simon Mignolet has backed his Belgium team-mate to be a success at Anfield. Origi was recently voted the second most overrated player in Ligue One.
Jose Mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record in Premier League history. The Chelsea boss has kept 101 clean sheets from 189 games in the top flight. Rafa Benitez has 13 more, 114 from 254 matches with Liverpool and Chelsea. Mourinho also heads the list of managers with the lowest average of goals conceded.
Floyd Mayweather has shared a video on Instagram showing off his wealth. The five-division world champion hits back at his supposed 'haters' in the 15-second clip. Mayweather is expected to earn around £120million for his upcoming bout against Manny Pacquiao. Tickets for the May 2 bout have yet to go on sale due to a stand-off between his camp and the hosts MGM Grand. They were expected to cost between £1,000 and £5,000 but have tripled in the resale market.
Atletico Madrid are in talks to sign Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Spain. Palermo representatives will meet with Atletico hierarchy on Friday. Dybala has also been linked with Arsenal and Chelsea in the past. Barcelona have been installed as favourites to win the Champions League. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has upset Isco by telling him to be more defensive.
Manchester City are fourth in the Premier League, 12 points behind leaders Chelsea. Joe Hart says City have 'let themselves down' this season. Manuel Pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the Etihad Stadium. City lost 4-2 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby on April 12.
Anderson Silva will meet with Brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. Local officials said they like the idea of having the MMA fighter on the team. The 40-year-old Silva is currently suspended by UFC after failing drug tests. He tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
AP McCoy landed the second win of his last Aintree meeting on Friday. McCoy rode Don Cossack to victory in the Melling Chase race. The jockey will be praying he doesn't win Saturday's Crabbie's Grand National. Gordon Elliott trains Cause of Causes, a gelding owned by McCoys boss JP McManus.
Juventus have made an offer of 25million euros (£18m) for Paulo Dybala, according to reports in Italy. Manchester United and Arsenal have also been linked with a move for the Palermo striker. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 300th goal for Real Madrid in 2-0 win over Rayo Vallecano. Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 in La Liga, with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez on the scoresheet.
Andy Flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ECB. Flower guided England to three Ashes triumphs and the world No 1 spot. Andrew Strauss is one of the front-runners to become director of England Cricket. Sepp Blatter's smooth procession to a ridiculous fifth term as FIFA president continued.
Bayern Munich doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has quit the Bundesliga club. The 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at Bayern for almost 40 years. He claims the club's medical department has been blamed for their Champions League defeat by Porto on Wednesday night. His son Kilian, Peter Ueblacker and Lutz Hansel, who are all part of the team at Bayern, have also resigned. Pep Guardiola said: 'It was his decision to leave, I respect his decision'
Ander Herrera has been compared to Paul Scholes at Manchester United. Scholes scored 107 goals in 499 games for United but Herrera says 'there will never be another Scholes' Herrera has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since £28.8m arrival from Athletic Bilbao. The 25-year-old says he is superstitious and wears 'Ander' and 'Herrera' on his shirt.
Eugene in the United States has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 IAAF World Championships. The decision was taken by the International Association of Athletics Federations Council, bypassing the usual bidding process. Doha, home to the Aspire Dome, beat Eugene to the 2019 event. IAAF president Lamine Diack said he was 'delighted' with the decision.
Jessica Ennis-Hill will step back on the track nine months after the birth of her son Reggie. The 29-year-old admits juggling motherhood with her Olympic aspirations poses a big challenge. She will compete against Katarina-Johnson Thompson in Austria at the end of May. Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before the 2011 World Championships in South Korea.
Memphis Depay is wanted by Manchester United and PSV Eindhoven. Liverpool are also interested in signing the Holland international winger. PSV value Depay at £25million and rejected a £14million bid from Tottenham last summer. The 21-year-old scored 23 goals for Holland at the World Cup in Brazil. Click here for more transfer news.
Tatyana Chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating Jessica Ennis-Hill. Ennis-Hil has written to the IAAF to ask why Chernova was allowed to keep her world title. Chernova's ban is due to expire on June 21 in time for this years World Championships in Beijing in August and, of course, the 2016 Olympics in Rio.
Mario Mandzukic was battered and bruised during Atletico Madrid's Champions League quarter-final tie against Real Madrid. The Croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by Sergio Ramos and fellow Real defender Dani Carvajal punched him in the stomach. But Atletico boss Diego Simeone says he should be fit for Wednesday's second leg. Atletico and Real Madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg at the Calderon.
Real Madrid face city rivals Atletico Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti is adamant his side can cope without injured trio Luka Modric, Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema. Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez could start for Real Madrid in their absence. Ancelotti has hailed his players as the best in the world ahead of their next game.
Real Madrid face Atletico Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti put his side through some small-sided games with comical results. Dani Carvajal was on the end of some tough love from Sergio Ramos, Isco and Nacho as the Madrid stars play-fought much to the amusement of those watching on. The European champions can expect a different kind of battle on Wednesday as they look to make the most of home advantage. Atletico have beaten their neighbours four times and drawn against them three times.
Alex Elenes went on a £1,000 ($1,600) trip to Peru to see the Amazon rainforest. He even missed out on a pink dolphin watching tour and a piranha fishing trip. The pictures were captured by his cousin Roxy de la Rosa who posted them on Reddit. Alex is said to be bemused at his new found internet fame following the pictures going viral.
Jessica Carey had her husband Aaron Carey tattoo a portrait of her grandmother on her forearm. She then drove up from Washington with her two children to surprise her. Patty Lawing was so overcome with emotion she began to shake and wave her arms. The video was captured in February but has only just emerged online.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming. The Sunderland winger was an England prospect just over a year ago. Johnson has scored just five goals from 31 appearances for the Black Cats so far this season. He has made just three Premier League appearances under new boss Dick Advocaat.
Florin Andone has scored six goals in 17 games for Cordoba this season. The 22-year-old has been called up to the Romanian national side. Cordoba are rooted to the bottom of La Liga and need to raise funds to avoid relegation. Premier League side Aston Villa have held talks over the striker earlier this week.
Shaheen Pirouz from Denton, Texas, filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards. Footage shows him being positioned on his back legs, with his eyes immediately starting to close. Pirouz is heard cooing in the background as she watches the sweet moment unfold.
Match was organised to help Motor Neurone Disease campaigner Gordon Aikman. He was diagnosed with the terminal condition less than a year ago and has raised over £250,000 for research into a cure through his campaign 'Gordon's Fightback' Labour's football-mad Scottish leader Jim Murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the Tories in Edinburgh.
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman called for his players to refocus on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after hinting at a move to Arsenal. Koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble.
Josh Meekings was charged with deliberate handball during Inverness's 3-2 extra-time win over Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty. The defender was cited by SFA Compliance Officer Tony McGlennan for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball. A three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face Falkirk at Hampden on May 30.
Manchester City have increased season ticket prices by 283 per cent. Disabled supporters say they are 'disgusted' by the club's move to relocate fans. Club say they do not wish to discriminate and have to ensure they give the same offering to all supporters. City have increased the number of disabled bays to 238 and invested in improving facilities.
Frank Knight settled before court proceedings with the Oyston family. Supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to £15,000 in under three days  an act of defiance against the running of Blackpool. Knight is a lifelong fan of the Seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year.
Juventus beat Lazio 2-0 to move 15 points clear at the top of Serie A. Carlos Tevez scored the opening goal and celebrated by dancing like a chicken. Leonardo Bonucci added the second 11 minutes later to make it two wins from two. Lionel Messi scored his 400th goal for Barcelona against Valencia in La Liga. Paris Saint-Germain beat Nice 3-1 to go top of Ligue 1 by a point.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge is a major doubt for the game after picking up a hip injury. Comedian Darren Farley impersonated Michael Owen for BT Sport promotional video. Sturridge was left in fits of laughter after hearing the hilarious impersonation.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have both scored eight Champions League goals this season. But Shakhtar Donetsk's Luiz Adriano has netted nine times in Europe this term. Adriano is out of contract at the end of the year and could move to the Premier League. Arsenal and Liverpool are both interested in signing the Brazilian.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Kurt Zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role to deal with Marouane Fellaini. The 20-year-old Frenchman man-marked the Belgian throughout the game. Jose Mourinho was impressed with his performance against the 'on fire' midfielder. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Zinedine Zidane says Eden Hazard excites him more than Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi. The Real Madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for the Chelsea winger. Hazard could be named PFA Player of the Year this weekend. Chelsea only tied the Belgian down to a new five-year deal in February.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Javier Hernandez, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba and Gerard Pique are all in the last four of the Champions League. They were all at Manchester United during David Moyes' disastrous campaign. United missed out on Europe's premier competition for the first time in 19 years. Ronaldo and Hernandez combined for Real Madrid's winner against Atletico Madrid. Tevez was leading the line for Juventus in their 0-0 draw against Monaco.
Chelsea are 10 points clear of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League. Oscar hopes that winning the title can kick-start a period of dominance in England. The Blues travel to the Emirates on Sunday to face their rivals. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
On Friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at Old Trafford for the FA Cup Final. The match was played on the same day thousands of Allied troops were killed in a deadly German chlorine gas attack near Ypres, Belgium. Some claim the final, won by Sheffield United following a 3-0 victory over Chelsea, should not have taken place at all following the outbreak of war.
Qatar have unveiled the design for their fifth World Cup stadium, the Al Rayyan Stadium. The 40,000-seater ground is built in 'the gateway to the desert' and features air conditioning. Fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees Celsius, while paths and walkways leading to the stadium will also be cooled. Al Rayyan will hold matches up to the quarter-final stage of the 2022 tournament and after the World Cup its capacity will be almost halved to 21,000 seats.
Josh Meekings has been cleared to play in the Scottish Cup final. John Hughes was ready to walk away from his post as Inverness manager. Hughes set off on a bike ride after hearing Meeking had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against Celtic. Only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. Atop Miss Royale as it tore down the home straight, the elastic in his pants gave way, exposing his backside to punters track-side. 'I was more worried about winning the race. They [the pants] went just after the start and there was nothing I could do,' Shinn said.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new five-year deal at Liverpool until 2020. Midfielder was almost leaving the club in 2012 in a £16million deal from Sunderland. Henderson could be handed the captain's armband when Steven Gerrard leaves. The 24-year-old has urged Raheem Sterling to follow his lead by signing a new deal.
Kristina Karo is suing Mila Kunis for $5,000 claiming she stole her chicken 25 years ago. Karo claims she suffered emotional trauma when a seven-year-old Kunis'stole' her pet hen. Actress responded with tongue-in-cheek video claiming she will counter-sue for injuries sustained while watching Karo's music video. 'I feel like I will be a chicken fighter for a very long time,' she declares.
Terri Hernandez, the mother of convicted murderer Aaron Hernandez, is opening up about the bond she developed with Ursula Lloyd during her son's murder trial. Hernandez says she grew close to Lloyd over the course of the trial, even thinking about her when the jury came back with their first degree murder conviction. 'I smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head,' Hernandez said of Lloyd. Lloyd refused to comment on the story, saying she no longer wished to speak about the case and that she forgives everyone involved.
The video was filmed in Moon Park, Odessa, Ukraine, and has gone viral on social media. Film-makers hide in the bushes while the 'vampire girl' preys on unsuspecting passers-by. She waits until concerned locals walk up towards her before screaming, causing them to run off in terror. In other scenes she spotted singing a hauntingly horrifying melody or feasting on a fake carcass.
Francis Pusok, 30, was tasered by police after a two-and-a-half hour horse chase. His arrest was recorded by a TV news helicopter and led to an FBI civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe. Pusok's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer, as well as attempted robbery, animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words. He was treated for his injuries while being held at West Valley Detention Center.
Jonathan Pitre, 14, was born with Epidermolysis bullosa - or 'butterfly skin' His body is covered with deep blistering wounds that will never heal. One in every 17,000 people suffer from the genetic condition. Unless a cure is found, Jonathan will likely only live to 25. 'You never know exactly what EB is unless you have it,' he said.
The footage was captured at Spring Garden station in Philadelphia on Tuesday. It shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station. They then pull them to the ground, punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads. The brawl, involving students from Benjamin Franklin High School, even spilled onto the tracks.
The 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of Barrington is opulent and private, sitting by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens. The five bedroom, nine bathroom French Country-style estate is listed at $13 million, having failed to find a buyer at $15.9 million since it first hit the market in 2013. It took five years to build the house, with construction finally coming to a halt in 2008.
California-based YouTube user Lionel Hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest. Footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top. After a brief moment of stillness, the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot.
Authorities were called to an industrial site in Wetherill Park, west of Sydney, shortly after 11am on Thursday. Police found the three men inside a shipping container on a property on Victoria Street. They had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them. Two men died at the scene and the surviving man was taken to nearby Fairfield Hospital in a serious condition.
Witnesses to the abduction said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around 3:20 a.m. from Dockweiler State Beach, west of the city's international airport. The initial police report said the animal was a small seal. Marine Animal Rescue saved a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion. Sea lions of this size are'really small, really look cute, but they're dangerous,' he said.
Pep Guardiola split his pants during Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto. Trend for tight-fitting suits is sweeping the high street. Russell Brand, Olly Murs and Dermot O'Leary guilty of wearing tight suits. High street menswear retailer Hawes & Curtis says skinny suits are no longer just for women.
A little girl named Anya Brodie asked Michelle Obama her age and when Obama told her she was 51-years-old the little girl just couldn't believe it. The girl yelled in amazement, 'You look too young!' Michelle Obama was so touched by the girl's flattery that she called her up on stage to give her a big hug.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane has scored 30 goals for the club so far this season. Mauricio Pochettino would prefer Kane to rest at the end of his first full campaign. FA chairman Greg Dyke has revealed that Kane wants to play for England at the European U21 Championships. Tottenham and England have been in talks for some time without an agreement.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to lead Liverpool next season. Liverpool are fifth in the Premier League table, seven points behind Manchester City. The Reds lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley last weekend. Rodgers' side take on West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday. Jordan Henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new deal.
Southampton host Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on Saturday. Ronald Koeman has praised the 'great job' his predecessor Mauricio Pochettino did at St Mary's. Pochettino left the club in the summer to join Spurs on a five-year deal. Koeman says Saturday's match will be a'very special one' for the Southampton fans. Southampton are currently fifth in the table, one point behind Spurs in sixth.
Spartak Moscow were fined £2,500 after their fans allegedly displayed a racist banner. The Russian Football Union said Spartak fans displayed a Celtic cross, typically used in Russia as a symbol for white supremacist groups. Admission to Spartak's next two away games was restricted to women and children.
Truck driver had a nasty prang with huge armoured vehicle in Changchun city, China. Collision is being dubbed the 'craziest rear-end collision in the country' Pictures and videos of the scene were posted to Weibo, China's equivalent of Twitter. No comments have been given by the authorities regarding the cause of the incident.
Israel is developing a system to accurately detect tunnelling activity. The equipment will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors. These sensors were so precise there would be 'no false alarms' It is thought the system will cost around £2.3million ($3.5m) per mile to install.
Marouane Fellaini picked Steven Gerrard as the best passer he has played against. Belgian midfielder was speaking in an official club interview for Man Utd. Fellaini also praised Phil Jagielka for being the toughest tackler he has faced. Wayne Rooney is the best finisher he has shared a dressing-room with, according to the 27-year-old.
Kyle Walker injured his foot against Burnley earlier this month. Scans showed the England defender had not broken his foot but he faces another month out. Walker sustained the injury after a heavy collision with Kieran Trippier at Turf Moor. Prognosis suggests Walker will miss Tottenham's next four Premier League fixtures. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham news.
Jordon Ibe has impressed since returning to Liverpool this season. The 19-year-old spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Derby County. Ibe is expected to sign a new five-year contract at Anfield this week. Liverpool also expect to announce Jordan Henderson's new contract. Martin Skrtel and Jon Flanagan are also in talks over new deals.
Jamie Carragher believes Brendan Rodgers is still the right man to lead Liverpool forward. Reds are seven points behind fourth placed Manchester City with a game in hand. Carragher received a Beacon Award for his community work on Merseyside on Tuesday. Former Liverpool defender has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas.
Jack Grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera apparently inhaling nitrous oxide. The Aston Villa midfielder has been photographed inhaling from a white balloon. Grealish is the third Premier League starlet this month to be exposed apparently using the legal high.
Girl, nine, was walking home from music school in Siberian village of Namtsy. She was attacked by a lion that appeared to be being walked like a dog by a circus worker. Circus entertainers had brought their show to the village - one of the coldest in the world. The circus is believed to have left the village after the incident in the Sakha Republic.
Liverpool are interested in signing Borussia Dortmund striker Ciro Immobile. Nemanja Vidic is attracting interest from Spartak Moscow. Chelsea have checked on Standard Liege left-back Damien Dussaut. Manchester City are considering a move for QPR goalkeeper Alex McCarthy. Brighton and QPR are showing interest in Celtic defender Efe Ambrose. Stoke are keeping tabs on Blackpool teenager Dom Telford.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at Harrods. The 33-year-old was released after being interviewed by police. Dossena signed a short-term deal with League One strugglers Leyton Orient. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Julian Weigl has a buy-out clause of £2.5million in his contract with 1860 Munich. The 19-year-old midfielder was captain of the club until he was suspended. Juventus and Borussia Dortmund are also said to be interested in signing Weigl. Tottenham fell to a 1-0 defeat against Aston Villa on Saturday.
Edinson Cavani scored twice in PSG's French League Cup final win over Bastia. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the Uruguayan forward. PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the 28-year-old this summer. Cavani joined PSG from Napoli for £50million in the summer of 2013.
Nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the US women's national team following outcry over the fact they do not represent the American flag. The latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to Canada who will be hosting the tournament. Nike's vice president of North America communications, Charlie Brooks, has defended the company's decision not to promote the 'Stars and Stripes'
Sir Alex Ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself to any number of causes. Ferguson was associated with a good dozen charities or foundations. The Scot was in Glasgow on Thursday to make a £5,000 donation to the Remember Mary Barbour Fund. Barbour famously led a rent strike and changed more than just her own wee corner of Glasgow.
Ronald Koeman held a meeting with Southampton's players to refocus their minds on European qualification. Victor Wanyama's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to Arsenal. Morgan Schneiderlin, Nathaniel Clyne and Jay Rodriguez have all been linked with moves away. Koeman called the story 'bulls***' in a separate interview.
Teresa Bullock captured the two-minute clip at her house in Ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old Macaque monkey named Angel. The video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers. Its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream, eye-liner, mascara and finally, and perhaps most shockingly, red lipstick. PETA's UK Director, Mimi Bekhechi, said that ill-informed people are often inspired to obtain monkeys as pets on the back of such videos.
Paul Doyle, 56, moved family into £820,000 home in Altrincham, Cheshire. Put down £200,000 deposit and obtained £600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife Jeanette, 49, worked as a company executive. But his family were probed after scandalising the leafy neighbourhood. Teenager later received Asbo for terrorising other local children. Police kept watch on familys home where Doyle chopped down hedge. He was eventually arrested during raid on five-bedroom house in July 2014. Admitted supplying class A and B drugs, between
Gary Deegan caught Gary Irvine high on his right shin in a dangerous challenge. Referee Craig Charleston saw an incident, but not the gory details. The governing body immediately took the stance they *should* be allowed to use video evidence to review incidents the referee had clearly missed. PFA Scotland chief executive Fraser Wishart disagreed, telling them so.
Chris Ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager. West Ham's Sam Allardyce and Bournemouth's Eddie Howe have both been linked with Ramsey's job in the summer. The 52-year-old believes he is the right man to bring long-term success to QPR. Ramsey worked with Tim Sherwood at Tottenham's academy.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil van Dijk was sent off against Inter Milan in the Champions League. Van Dijk believes the decision on Sunday wasn't right and everyone can see it.
Jonas Gutierrez was left out of the Newcastle squad for Sunday's defeat by Tottenham. John Carver says he and the Argentine have shaken hands and moved on from the incident. Newcastle United face Swansea City at St James' Park on Saturday. Carver's side will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they lose to the Swans.
Chris Ramsey insists he will stay at QPR as long as they want him. The 52-year-old was appointed manager after Harry Redknapp resigned in February. Ramsey has aspirations of getting the full-time job at Loftus Road. Director of football Les Ferdinand wants his friend Ramsey to get the job on a permanent basis. Reports suggest Ramsey could link up with Tim Sherwood at Aston Villa this summer.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen posted the fastest time in Friday's practice session. The Finn was two tenths of a second quicker than Mercedes team-mate Sebastian Vettel. Jenson Button saw his session come to an end after just three minutes. Hamilton finished 16th and Rosberg was 15th in the 90-minute session.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight. The Filipino says he must be a warrior in the ring to come out on top. He says it is time for Mayweather to lose and he is the man to inflict defeat.
Trucker filmed swearing at motorist after crash on M6 near Birmingham. Car towing a caravan moves into his lane and the two vehicles collide. The car comes to rest across the front of the van, blocking the slip road. Footage was posted on Facebook and viewed 2million times in less than 48 hours.
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the Challenge Cup final on May 1. The Cherry and Whites beat Exeter 30-19 in their last-four tie at Kingsholm. Jonny May was dropped from Stuart Lancaster's England squad for the Six Nations. May says he'still believes in himself' after a tough Six Nations campaign.
Justin Rose finished joint runner-up at the Masters with Phil Mickelson. The Englishman is training on his state-of-the-art £30,000 indoor golf simulator. Rose posted a photo on Twitter of him using the TrackMan Indoor High definition simulator.
Belardo looks more likely to head to the French 2,000 Guineas rather than the British equivalent at Newmarket on May 2. Trainer Roger Varian has an interesting Derby trial contender in Newbury maiden winner Intilaaq. Varian had plenty of practise of planning such a programme last year when keeping his currently sidelined St Leger winner Kingston Hill away from quick ground.
AP McCoy will retire next week after 20 years of dominance of jump racing. McCoy will be a spectator at the Coral Scottish National at Ayr this afternoon. He will not ride in the race after Benvolio was withdrawn due to unsuitable conditions. The Scot finished fifth in last Saturday's Grand National on favourite Shutthefrontdoor.
Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton finished first and second in second practice. Hamilton was slower in sectors one and two of FP2 but a mistake from Rosberg gifted him first place. Sebastian Vettel had issues throughout the day, finishing fourth in his Ferrari. Jenson Button had a day to forget, finishing 19th after an electrical fault ended his session.
Aaron Cruden has ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee. The 26-year-old will be out for at least six weeks and will miss the World Cup. Cruden has started 15 Tests for the world champions in the last two years. New Zealand coach Steve Hansen described him as a 'key member of our team'
Frankie Dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at Newbury on Saturday. Dettoris boss Sheik Joaan Al Thani had signed up Gregory Benoist to ride the French-based horses in his expanding string. The 44-year-old Italian can concentrate on Britain.
Saracens lost 13-9 to Clermont in the European Champions Cup on Saturday. Mark McCall's side had five England-qualified forwards in their starting line-up. The Sarries director of rugby said he has no intention of overspending in the post-World Cup transfer market. Nigel Wray believes the cap should be scrapped in order for Sarries to compete at Europe's top table.
Mohammad Hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago. The Pakistan all-rounder then injured his calf and missed out on the World Cup in Australia and New Zealand. Hafeez played as a specialist batsman in Pakistan's one-day international defeat against Bangladesh on Sunday. But the 34-year-old is free to resume bowling in international cricket after testing in Chennai this month.
England had a good day on Tuesday at the start of this second Test in conditions that suited them. If they go on to bat themselves into a strong position, they can look at it in one of two ways. England can be happy they are good enough to take wickets at home and when the ball is swinging and conditions are in their favour. But a position of strength is often a good one from which to take a long hard look at yourself and say how can we improve? The biggest reason England have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in
Steven Finn was overlooked for the West Indies tour by England. But the Middlesex fast bowler says he's 'had my trials and tribulations over the last 12 months' Finn has been watching footage of when he was at his best and is returning to that style. The 26-year-old has played only one Championship game for Middlesex this season.
Ben Stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second Test as England strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing. First the Durham all-rounder injured himself, then he struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with Marlon Samuels. All in a days work for a gifted cricketer who looks destined to endure as many lows as he does highs in what is shaping up to be an eventful career. Stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first Test
Sir Bradley Wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in the Tour de Yorkshire. The four-time Olympic champion left Team Sky after Paris-Roubaix on April 12. Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner, was not selected in Team Sky's 2014 squad for the race when it began.
West Indies went to lunch on 36 for two after choosing to bowl first in rain-hit first session. Kraigg Brathwaite was first to fall to James Anderson's massive in-swinger. Devon Smith was caught behind by Chris Jordan after appearing to miss the ball. Smith declined to review the decision with HotSpot not available in this Test series.
Graeme Dott beat Ricky Walden 10-8 at the Crucible on Sunday. The 37-year-old is through to the last 16 of the World Championships. Dott remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw.
Kyrie Irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 113-100. LeBron James added 20 points as the Cavs took a 1-0 lead in their best of seven-game series. Chris Paul scored 32 points as Los Angeles Clippers beat San Antonio Spurs 107-92. Kyle Korver scored 21 points as Atlanta Hawks defeated Brooklyn Nets 99-92 in Game 1. Memphis Grizzlies beat Portland Trail Blazers 100-86 in Western Conference series opener.
James Ward-Prowse came on as a half-time sub and scored from the penalty spot to give Southampton the lead. Graziano Pelle doubled the home side's lead in the 81st minute with his first Premier League goal since December 20. The Italian striker was sent off in the first half for a clash with Hull City's Alex Bruce. Hull manager Steve Bruce joked that Pelle had a 'horribly broken nose' after the Italian was shown a yellow card for a foul on his opponent.
James Morrison headed West Brom ahead after just two minutes at Selhurst Park. West Brom midfielder Craig Gardner scored a fine long range effort in the second half. Tony Pulis returned to the south London ground for the first time since he left Crystal Palace. Alan Pardew's side remain rooted to the bottom of the Premier League table while West Brom remain in the relegation zone.
Ronald Koeman made enquiries for Tonny Vilhena in January. The 20-year-old winger has one year left on his contract at Feyenoord. Vilhena is ready to make the move to the Premier League this summer. Southampton are also monitoring his team-mate Jordy Clasie. CLICK HERE for all the latest Southampton news.
Leighton Baines is a big music lover and regularly attends gigs and plays the guitar. The Everton defender is friends with rocker Miles Kane and Arctic Monkeys' front-man Alex Turner. Baines admits he doesn't know any of One Direction's hit songs despite their global success. Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars' Uptown Funk is regularly played in Everton's dressing room. 'Ed Sheeran's massive, he's not someone I've got into yet,' says Baines.
Franco di Santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for Werder Bremen this season. Sunderland sporting director Lee Congerton knows Di Santo well from his time at Chelsea. Di Santo played for Wigan for three seasons before being released in 2013. The Bundesliga side want £8million for the 26-year-old Argentine.
Stoke City came from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Morgan Schneiderlin gave Southampton the lead before Mame Biram Diouf equalised for the hosts. Charlie Adam scored a late winner to secure all three points for Mark Hughes' side. The result means Southampton's hopes of finishing in the top four are over. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' Delilah is stopping Stoke City qualifying for Europe.
Jack Grealish starred for Aston Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool. The 19-year-old is wanted by the Republic of Ireland and England. But Tim Sherwood wants Grealis to focus on his Aston Villa career first. Grealish is expected to choose between England and Ireland at the end of the season.
Walter Smith has praised Stuart McCall's impact at Rangers. Former Rangers boss insists Ally McCoist was given little chance of succeeding. McCoist was put on gardening leave just before Christmas after three difficult seasons. Rangers have won five out of nine Scottish Championship matches since McCall arrived.
Brendan Rodgers was fined for leaving a house in Accrington to rot. The Liverpool manager left broken windows and doors and rubbish strewn across garden. Both Rodgers and co-owner Judith O'Hagan had their case overturned at later hearing. Hyndburn Borough Council said he did not receive a summons to appear in court.
Andres Iniesta set up Neymar for the opening goal in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain in the UEFA Champions League second leg on Tuesday night. The Spaniard ran from his own half before laying the ball on a plate for the Brazilian forward. Iniesta is yet to score or create a goal for Barcelona in La Liga this season. Barcelona face city rivals Espanyol in the La Liga derby on Saturday.
West Brom beat Crystal Palace 2-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Tony Pulis led his side to victory over his former employers at the Hawthorns. The Baggies boss insists on wearing his cap, track suit and trainers on the touchline. Pulis: 'Id never take my cap off during a game. Ive done it right from my days at Bournemouth' CLICK HERE for all the latest West Brom news.
Per Mertesacker limped off in Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. There were fears of a serious ankle ligament damage after he twisted the joint. Scans showed the 6ft 6in German had just a minor ankle sprain when a more serious injury was feared. Gabriel Paulista will deputise for the German at centre-half on Sunday.
Clayton Donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season in the 83rd minute to give Birmingham City a 1-0 win over Reading. Reading were involved in a dramatic FA Cup semi-final defeat against Arsenal, after extra-time, in the last four of the Cup at Wembley on Saturday. Adam Federici, who made the mistake that led to Alexis Sanchez's winning goal for the Gunners, was retained against Birmingham.
Gary Gardner will report to Aston Villa for pre-season training this week. The 22-year-old has been on loan at Nottingham Forest this season. Gardner scored a stunning free-kick against Watford with Tim Sherwood in attendance. Click here for more Aston Villa news.
Shay Given will keep his place in Aston Villa's side for the FA Cup final. Brad Guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final victory over Liverpool. Given's performances have given Tim Sherwood plenty to consider. Villa face Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Blackpool fans gathered outside Bloomfield Road to protest against the Oyston family. The Seasiders' loyal supporters are sick of a lack of investment in their club. Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading in their Championship clash on Tuesday night. Lee Clark's side were relegated to League One after Rotherham beat Brighton.
Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi have dominated the Ballon d'Or award in recent years. Ronaldo says he would love to play alongside his namesake Cristiano Ronaldo. The 38-year-old ended his illustrious playing career in 2011, however he has suggested he could play again for Fort Lauderdale Strikers, a North American League side that he now co-owns.
Joe Lewis wore an autographed shirt in Blackpool's 1-1 draw with Reading. The club have no kitman and had no spares for the goalkeeper to wear. Andrea Orlandi says the shirt was meant to be put aside for a club sponsor. Blackpool were relegated from the Championship last week after losing 1-0 to Rotherham. Supporters pelted Bloomfield Road with eggs before the match in protest against Karl Oyston.
Wolves striker Benik Afobe scored his 31st goal of the season to salvage a 1-1 draw against Ipswich at Molineux. The Black Country side were heading for a third successive defeat which would have all but ended their play-off hopes. Richard Stearman scored an own goal after 21 minutes to hand Ipswich the lead. Afobe scored 19 goals on loan at MK Dons before joining Wolves from Arsenal in January.
Blackpool drew 1-1 with Reading at Bloomfield Road on Tuesday night. Lee Clark's side were demoted after Rotherham's win over Brighton. Blackpool fans protested against Karl Oyston before the game against Reading. They threw eggs at the directors' boxes windows and threw flares at the main entrance to the West Stand, where the Oyston family usually watch games.
Micky Adams became the 42nd manager to be sacked this season when he was sacked by Tranmere on Sunday. The trend is set to smash the previous record of 46 set in 2006-07. Arsene Wenger remains the longest serving boss with more than 18 years at Arsenal. Paul Tisdale and Karl Robinson have been at Exeter for nearly nine years.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes in the Champions League. Andres Iniesta had to be substituted after a clash with Javier Pastore. Tests on Thursday confirmed he had suffered a bruised pelvis. Iniesta could now miss the La Liga game against Valencia on Saturday.
Warning by British Transport Police Chief Constable Paul Crowther. Comes ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem. BTP has recorded 630 football-related incidents so far this season. In February a storm erupted after Chelsea supporters were filmed allegedly singing racist chants as a black man was prevented from boarding a train.
Massimo Luongo was player of the tournament during Australia's successful Asian Cup in January. The 22-year-old has decided to play in the Barclays Premier League next season. Tim Sherwood sent Luongo to Swindon on loan during his spell as development director at Tottenham. Swindon are currently fourth in League One.
Kevin Pietersen was injured while playing for Surrey against Oxford MCCU. The batsman was hit on the hand while fielding close-in during the second day. Pietersen was taken off the field as a precaution and did not return after tea. Former England star is hoping to win back his Test place with red ball cricket. Surrey established a huge lead of 531 against their student counterparts.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday. Tim Sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young fan Charlie Pye on Friday. Pye had applied for the Villa job when Paul Lambert was sacked in February. Sherwood revealed his 'win bonus' to the assembled media in reference to Pye's letter. CLICK HERE for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring for Liverpool in the ninth minute at Anfield. Newcastle were reduced to 10 men when Moussa Sissoko was sent off for a second bookable offence. Sterling doubled Liverpool's lead in the 71st minute with a curling effort into the far corner of Tim Krul's net. The win takes Liverpool to within four points of Manchester City in the Premier League table.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 at the Stade Louis II in the Champions League on Wednesday. Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a bizarre handball in the first minute of Juve's quarter-final second-leg against Monaco. The Italian defender committed a deliberate handball after slipping on the turf. Juventus won the tie on aggregate after a goalless draw at the French stadium. Click here for more Champions League news.
Gareth Bale has endured a difficult second season at Real Madrid. The Welshman has been linked with a return to the Premier League. Mark Hughes has urged Bale to stay at the Bernabeu for as long as he can. Hughes regrets only spending a single season in Spain with Barcelona in 1988.
Jamie Carragher does not feel Diego Simeone plays the right type of football for the Premier League big boys. Atletico Madrid were beaten 1-0 by Real Madrid in the Champions League. Simeone's team battled at the Bernabeu but were unable to take anything away from their rivals.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Daniel Sturridge has not trained since before the quarter-final replay against Blackburn. Sturridge missed Monday's 2-0 win over Newcastle United with tightness in his hip. Steven Gerrard could return for the Reds after serving his three-match suspension.
Richard Eckersley is currently training with La Liga side Elche. The 26-year-old began his career at Manchester United. Eckersley failed to make an impact in England and is now a free agent. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Roberto Mancini and Filippo Inzaghi are both under pressure after poor results. The 214th Derby della Madonnina was played at the San Siro. Both sides struggled to create a clear-cut chance in a goalless first half. Inter midfielder Assane Demoya Gnoukouri made his first start for the club.
PSV Eindhoven beat Heerenveen 4-1 to win the Dutch Eredivisie title. Luuk de Jong scored two headed goals in the first half. Memphis Depay took his tally to 20 for the season. It is a 22nd league championship for the Dutch side.
Bayern Munich beat Hoffenheim 2-0 in their Bundesliga clash on Saturday. Sebastian Rode and Andreas Beck scored the goals for the German champions. Bayern are now 13 points clear of second-placed Wolfsburg with five games left. Pep Guardiola's side host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday.
Emad Sahabi suffered the injury while playing for his club Al Orubah against Al Shoalah. The midfielder's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees after chasing down the ball. He tumbled over under pressure before his joint snapped and appeared to dislocate.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the opening goal of the game after John Terry's challenge on Radamel Falcao. Sky Sports pundits Thierry Henry, Jamie Redknapp and Graeme Souness agree there should have been a foul in the build-up to Hazard's goal. Terry's challenge led to a loose ball that was picked up by Cesc Fabregas to start the move.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Shinji Kagawa scored as Borussia Dortmund beat Paderborn 3-0 at Signal Iduna Park. The win came three days after manager Jurgen Klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer. Last season's Bundesliga runners-up are now eight in the table and have a realistic chance of qualifying for Europe.
Chelsea are the worst behaved team in the Premier League when it comes to respecting referees, according to official figures. The table is compiled by Football Association Fair Play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials. Jose Mourinho's team are the most likely to protest decisions. Liverpool show the greatest respect towards officials, followed by Burnley and West Brom.
Bayern Munich lost 3-1 to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday. Franz Beckenbauer was speaking to reporters in New York to mark the club's new media agreement with MSN. The German legend criticised defender Dante for playing as if he were wearing'ski boots' before turning on the entire team.
Nile Ranger joined Blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal. The former Newcastle striker has not featured for the Seasiders since November. Ranger has been AWOL since returning to London after being left out of the squad to face Birmingham in early December. 24-year-old says the club took the mick out of him by giving him such a low-paid contract.
Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho's side extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to six points. Branislav Ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking Marouane Fellaini but did well in the air. Oscar was on the scoresheet with a brilliant back-heeled assist for Hazard's goal.
Daryl Janmaat has likened Newcastle's game against Swansea to World Cup semi-final. Newcastle host Garry Monk's side at St James' Park on Saturday. Magpies have lost their last six Premier League games in a row. Janmaat came off the bench in Holland's World Cup penalty shootout loss to Argentina.
Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein wants to see the World Cup rotated between confederations. The Jordanian is standing against Sepp Blatter, Michael van Praag and Luis Figo for the FIFA presidency. Prince Ali has also warned against expanding the tournament from 32 teams.
Professor John Warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in hours. The plants flower with their 'female parts' ready to be pollinated by bees during the day. Flowers close for the night and then the next morning they reopen with'male anthers' Professor Warren said the trees are usually successful in avoiding the'sin' of inbreeding.
Photo protest will take place outside Stamford Bridge at 3pm on Saturday ahead of Manchester United game. More than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in Qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the World Cup. Chelsea Supporters Trust: 'It is estimated over 4,000 in total will perish before a ball is kicked at the controversial World Cup'
Eden Hazard and Harry Kane have been nominated for PFA Player of the Year. Chelsea's Eden Hazard has scored 17 goals in all competitions so far this season. Harry Kane has scored 19 Premier League goals, the same as Diego Costa. Alexis Sanchez, David de Gea, Philippe Coutinho and Raheem Sterling are also up for the award. Click here for more PFA news.
Amal Clooney's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since her wedding. The 37-year-old London-based human rights lawyer has spent £66,900 on clothes alone. From Prada and Stella McCartney to Dolce & Gabbana and Alexander McQueen. Several of the outfits she has been photographed in since her lavish wedding cost at least £1,000.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg on Wednesday night. Ricardo Quaresma opened the scoring for the Portuguese side from the penalty spot after just three minutes. Thiago equalised in the 28th minute to put Bayern Munich in the driving seat. Jackson Martinez was brought down by Manuel Neuer in the penalty area to give Porto the lead in the 64th minute. Xabi Alonso made it 2-1 to the visitors in the second half but his effort was ruled out for offside. Joachim Low's side will
Frank Knight, 67, is being sued by Blackpool and the Oyston family. He posted an apology on his Facebook account last week. Blackpool became the first Football League side to be relegated when their demotion was confirmed on Easter Monday. Fans have been protesting against the Oystons before matches and then not attending the games.
Harry Kane and Eden Harzard lead the nominations for PFA Young Player of the Year. David de Gea, Thibaut Courtois, Raheem Sterling and Philippe Coutinho complete the six-man shortlist. The winners will be announced at a ceremony in central London on April 26. Last year's winner Eden Hazard has been nominated for the award again.
Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring for Arsenal in the 39th minute against Reading. Gareth McCleary equalised for the Royals with a deflected strike in the second-half. Mesut Ozil put the Gunners in front in the 41st minute with an excellent pass to set up Sanchez. Sanchez made it 2-1 in extra time when his low shot squirmed through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici. Arsenal will face Manchester City in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30.
Swansea City host Everton at Liberty Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm) Southampton host Hull City (Saturday 3pm) at St Mary's Stadium. Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane at 3pm. West Ham United host Stoke City at Upton Park (Sunday 3pm), while QPR host Chelsea at Loftus Road. Manchester United host Manchester City at Old Trafford (Monday 4pm)
Tottenham Hotspur host Aston Villa at White Hart Lane (Saturday 3pm) Kyle Walker and Hugo Lloris are absent for Spurs, while Jan Vertonghen is a doubt. Alan Hutton, Ashley Westwood and Scott Sinclair set to miss out for Villa. Aly Cissokho could return after training again this week, but Libor Kozak will not be considered. Harry Kane again wears the captain's armband for Spurs.
Steve Davis and Dennis Taylor faced off in the World Snooker Championship final in 1985. Davis was leading 8-0 when he missed a shot on the green in the ninth frame. Taylor pounced on the error and went on to win the match 9-7. The final was watched by 18.5million, a BBC2 record, but it is way behind the most-watched sporting events:. 1966 World Cup final 32.30m, 1970 FA Cup final replay 28.49m and 2012 Olympics opening ceremony 27.3m.
Mauricio Pochettino insists Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood will be shown respect on his return to White Hart Lane. Sherwood was shown the door by Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy last summer. Pochettino's Spurs side entertain Villa on Saturday afternoon in the Barclays Premier League. Spurs occupy sixth place in the table, seven points off the Champions League qualification places.
Gary Ballance scored 122 not out as England reached 438 in their second innings. Chris Jordan took his second stunning catch of the day to dismiss West Indies' Darren Bravo. Joe Root and Jos Buttler also impressed with the bat for Peter Moores' side. West Indies finished the day on 98 for two, still 340 short of the world record target. Stuart Broad took the wicket of Kraigg Brathwaite and Joe Root took two wickets. James Anderson has bowled seven overs in the second innings so far.
ISIS has released a new propaganda video titled 'We Will Burn America' The video claims the U.S. will burn in another 9/11-style attack and claims its citizens' sense of safety is a'mirage' It claims previous jihadis managed to carry out the attacks with 'less resources' than ISIS. The 11 minute-long video forms a showcase of some of the militants' bloodiest atrocities. It features beheadings of James Foley, Amedy Coulibaly and Jordanian pilot Muadh al-Kasasbeh.
Tim Sherwood will return to White Hart Lane for the first time as Aston Villa boss on Saturday. Sherwood claims Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy tried to persuade him to stay on at the club after sacking him from head coach role. Levy sacked Sherwood last May to bring in Mauricio Pochettino. Hugo Lloris is set to miss the clash after failing to recover from a gashed knee sustained against Leicester on March 21.
John Goodwin, 75, went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault. Prosecutors said that Goodwin repeatedly sexually assaulted a student, who is now 24 years old. Goodwin was airlifted to a hospital with life-threatening injuries from the self-inflicted gunshot wound. His health status has not been immediately disclosed.
University of South Florida Institute of Anthropology and Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office have proposed building a 'body farm' in Lithia, Florida. Five to ten bodies from USF's After Life Body Donation Program would be buried or placed on two acres of the Walter C. Heinrich Practical Training Center. Hillsborough County Commissioner Stacy White has taken a stand against the facility, fearing strong odors and the reputation it could bring to his community. Officials from the sheriff's office said the bodies would be surrounded by a seven-foot fence, so they would not be visible to passersby or from
Diovani de Jesus posted the hilarious photo on Earth Day as a reminder that we can all co-exist. Shallow water in Apo Island, Negros Oriental, Philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles. This particular island is one of the world's best known community-managed marine protected areas.
Little Mengyu was born with webbed hands and feet and doctors recommended surgery. Her father told her parents he was going out to find work but hasn't been heard from since. Mother Jiang Min says she has run out of cash and can't even afford food for her family. Local reporters have cruelly dubbed the girl's deformed extremities 'pigs' and 'trotters'
Daredevil Stan Cole, an Iraq veteran, captured the wall of wind in Loraine, Texas. He took the footage with his friend Ricky Bailey while the two were out in a tractor. Landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film.
Pablo Mandado, 27, and Ilze Zebolde, 31, quit their restaurant jobs in Manchester to set out on their open-ended odyssey. In 356 days so far theyve covered almost 7,000 miles (11,131.92km by their measurements) and been through 16 countries. They've been astonishingly living on less than three euros each a day, or by their calculations 10 euro cents per kilometre. Pablo: 'We pick up wild fruits occasionally as well, and dumpster diving was an option in Western countries'
Lewis Hamilton is the richest sportsman in Britain with a fortune of £88million. But Wayne Rooney has overtaken Jenson Button to be in second place on the list. The Manchester United captain's wealth is up £12million to £72million in the past year. Andy Murray is now fourth on the Rich List with a wealth of £48million.
Singer Melissa Plancarte broke into Michoacan state courthouse in the middle of the night. Her stage name is Melissa: Cartel Princess and she is one of Mexico's most beautiful women. The clip shows her dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase. Furious officials say the star didn't have permission to film at the courthouse. She only recently admitted who her father was - a feared drugs lord known as the 'Knights Templar'
Marlon Samuels and Kraigg Brathwaite saw West Indies into credit on day four of the second Test in Grenada. Joe Root was left stranded on 182 not out after being run out by Jimmy Anderson. Root had been in imperious form as he built yet another 'daddy' hundred. The 24-year-old has a Test average of 110.1 in the last year - the fourth best in Tests. West Indies ended the fourth day on 202 for two, a lead of 37, with Brathwiai unbeaten on 101.
Daniel Sturridge has played just 12 league games for Liverpool this season. Brendan Rodgers admits he is 'unsure' if Sturridge will play for Liverpool again this term. Sturridge has been hampered by injuries during the course of the campaign. Liverpool boss Rodgers wants to sign a striker who can 'play every week' Divock Origi and Danny Ings will arrive at Anfield in the summer.
Louis van Gaal expects Ryan Giggs to succeed him as Manchester United manager when he leaves the club. Giggs has been Van Gaal's assistant since the Dutchman took over at Old Trafford last summer. The Welshman had a spell in temporary charge of the 20-time English champions following the dismissal of David Moyes last season.
Britt McHenry, 28, has been reinstated to her ESPN role with a spot on SportsCenter this weekend. Her car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. 'Im in the news, sweetheart, I will f*****g sue this place,' McHenry can be heard saying in the video. Online petitions for McHenry to be fired reached 10,000 within a day of
David Rush, 33, from Lisburn, Northern Ireland, weighed 34st at his heaviest. His old diet consisted of six bags of crisps and two bottles of full-fat Coca-Cola a day. Embarrassed by his size, he never left the house and never had a girlfriend. Started cycling and joined Slimming World and began losing weight at a rate of a stone a week. Now weighs a slimline 15st 4lbs and is training for a half-marathon and a 115-mile bike ride.
Andrew Caldwell, 21, found internet fame late last year for video of him screaming 'I don't like mens no more - I like women!' after a pastor claimed to have cured his homosexuality. Caldwell hit headlines in November after the footage surfaced of him being 'delivered' by God. However he says he was attacked by an employee at a FroYo in Delmar, St. Louis, on Wednesday after the cashier recognized him. FroYo cashier Stephanie Diaz, who is openly gay, admits to throwing the yogurt at Caldwell, but said he is lying about his story
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty. Sunderland announced on Friday that Johnson will remain available for selection. Jill Saward, the first rape victim in England to waive her legal right to anonymity, has urged fans to boycott the Stadium of Light.
The video, which has been viewed 600,000 times, features new parents sharing their tips. Advice includes making room for date nights, getting on a schedule and enjoying the burst of love that follows the birth. Viewers are also encouraged to submit their own parenting advice using the hashtag #makeroomforlife.
Ilkay Gundogan has emerged as Manchester United's primary target. Louis van Gaal believes the Borussia Dortmund midfielder is the perfect replacement for Michael Carrick. The 24-year-old has been watched extensively by the Red Devils. Gundogan has been linked with a £20.5million move to Old Trafford from Dortmund.
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. Klitschko will make his return to US soil for the first time in seven years. The 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him. He won Olympic gold in Atlanta in 1996, instantly catapulting him into a hero.
David de Gea's Manchester United contract runs out next summer. There has been speculation that he will leave to join Real Madrid on a free transfer. Louis van Gaal admitted on Friday that the club have offered De Gea 'a lot of money' De Gea has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year award for his performances this season.
AP McCoy will have two rides on his final day as a professional jockey. McCoy's penultimate race comes on Mr Mole in the Grade One AP McCoy Celebration Chase at 3.15. His last ever mount will be Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle.
Isco joined Real Madrid from Malaga in the summer of 2013. The 23-year-old had a choice of Real Madrid or Manchester City, and chose the Spanish giants. Manuel Pellegrini worked with Isco during their time at Malaga. Isco is unhappy with his current role and playing time at Real Madrid.
Red Mazda careered off the road up someone's drive and crashed into the front door of the home in Crossgates, Leeds. It hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall. Incredibly, no-one was serious injured in the accident and only suffered minor injuries.
Eden Hazard joined Chelsea for £32million in 2012, an amount Arsenal could not afford. Arsene Wenger pulled out of a deal to sign Hazard from Lille in 2012. Belgium star Hazard has scored 18 goals and assisted 10 in 43 starts this season. Wenger believes Alexis Sanchez will run Hazard close in the Player of the Year vote. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Jose Mourinho was asked how hard Arsene Wenger pushed him at his press conference. The Chelsea boss was visibly surprised by the question and gave an ambiguous answer. Mourinho had gone to great lengths to insist there are 'no problems' with Wenger. Chelsea take on Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
West Ham beat Manchester City Under 21s 3-2 at Upton Park on Friday. Dan Potts and Adam Drury's own goal gave the Hammers a two-goal lead. Olivier Ntcham pulled one back for City but it was not enough. Patrick Vieira's side face Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final on Monday.
Jesse O'Brien, from Kesgrave, Suffolk, has to take daily dose of 45 cystic fibrosis pills. Footage was taken by his mother Heidi, 37, to encourage him to take his medication. Heidi, a nail technician, said her idea to provide encouragement with likes on Facebook from family and friends exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour. 'I've always wanted to be famous so this is just brilliant,' says Jesse, who is seen taking nine out of daily dose.
Men do just two hours of housework a day while working, which increases to 3.9 after retirement. But they are still lagging behind their stay-at-home female partners when it comes to sharing the burden. Study of 1,302 German couples found women did an average of 6.8 hours before their husbands retired.
Pep Guardiola will be reintroduced to Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. The Bayern Munich boss must find a way to stop the superb Lionel Messi. Guardiola nurtured Messi into the best player in the world while at the Nou Camp. Barcelona beat Manchester City 6-1 in the last 16 of the competition.
Rugby School in Warwickshire is known as the spiritual home of the game after pupil William Webb Ellis picked up a football and ran with it in 1823. Today the school is steeped in the traditions of the sport alongside its rich history of'muscular Christianity' led by its most famous headmaster, Dr Thomas Arnold.
Pep Guardiola is to return to the Nou Camp for the first time since leaving in 2012. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Real Madrid will play Juventus in the other semi-final. The draw was made at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday morning. Click here for more Champions League news.
Emmanuel Adebayor could be allowed to leave Tottenham on a free transfer. The club would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages. Tottenham pay the Togolese forward £100,000-per-week. Click here for Tottenham transfer news.
Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho have a long history in the Premier League. Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Mourinho hit back at Wenger after Arsenal's 3-1 defeat to Monaco in the Champions League in midweek. Wenger and Mourinho have had plenty of touchline battles during their careers. Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Arsenal face Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Francis Coquelin has made 23 appearances for the Gunners this season. The 23-year-old has been instrumental in Arsenal's run of 21 wins from 25 games. Coquelin is looking forward to facing 'unbelievable' Chelsea midfielder Nemanja Matic.
Anthony McGill beat Mark Selby 13-9 at the Crucible on Friday. McGill was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began. The 24-year-old will face Shaun Murphy or Joe Perry in the quarter-finals. Click here for more snooker news.
Joe Root hit 182 not out on day four of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies finished 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps after batting first. Root admitted that the flat pitch made it too easy to score runs. England need early wickets with the new ball to win the Test.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the sixth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I recall when a hard man could take no more... Sugar Ray Leonard v Roberto Duran. After being caught flush in the face in the eighth round, Duran turned his back and said 'No mas' It took three years for Duran to restore his high place in his country's esteem.
The draw for the Europa League semi-finals was made on Friday morning at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon. Rafa Benitez's Napoli will play Dnipro, while Fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders Sevilla over two legs. Ties will be played on May 7 and 14, with the final taking place in Warsaw on May 27.
Bath moved within one point of Aviva Premiership leaders Northampton. Leroy Houston, Jonathan Joseph, Matt Banahan and Semesa Rokoduguni all scored tries. Bath fly half George Ford kicked four penalties and two conversions. Exiles loosehead Tom Court scored a late consolation try for London Irish.
Tickets for Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao weigh-in sold out within minutes on Friday evening. Fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets. One lucky English boxing fan managed to snare a ticket for $7,924 (£5,265) and tweeted his booking confirmation on Thursday night. Super-ringside tickets costing $10,000 (£6,600) were not released for public sale. Those lucky enough to secure a seat for the mega-fight via Ticketmaster will have to collect them in person from Wednesday, April 29
Joe Root scored 182 runs in England's first innings of second Test in Grenada. Yorkshire batsman was left stranded at the middle of the wicket by James Anderson. Root threw down his helmet and gloves as he made his way back to the pavilion. The 24-year-old slapped his bat on the ground to show his anger at Anderson's lack of concentration.
Joe Root becomes second-youngest England batsman to reach 2,000 Test runs. Marlon Samuels gave Ben Stokes a comedy salute after dismissing him. Stuart Broad fails with the bat again, and gets another wasted review. Peter Moores and Paul Farbrace will fly from Barbados to Dublin after the third Test.
Divock Origi joined Liverpool from Lille in a £10million deal this summer. The Belgium striker was loaned back to Lille for the 2014-15 season. Origi said the progress of Liverpool's youth players has heightened his excitement. He said the likes of Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling's development has impressed him. Click here for Liverpool transfer news.
Paula Radcliffe will run the final race of her competitive career on Sunday. The 35th London Marathon will be Radcliffe's final competitive marathon. She set the world record in 2003 when she won the race in a time of 2:15:25. Radcliffe says she knows she got the best out of her career, despite injuries.
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, waved an axe as he demanded cash from assistant. He was jumped on by shopkeeper Sab Dhillon and wrestled to the floor by his wife Sam. She hit him twice with a baseball bat to make him drop the weapon and he was arrested. McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' in his youth because he always returned home after crimes. Ex-juvenile offender was jailed for six years at Durham Crown Court today.
Usain Bolt says Tyson Gay's reduced ban is 'the stupidest thing I've ever heard' Gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities. The American sprinter is now set to compete against Bolt after returning to the sport. Bolt said he felt 'let down' by Gay and is not looking forward to competing against him.
Jurgen Klopp has announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manchester City are on the lookout for a new manager following a poor campaign. Liverpool are set for a third trophyless season after being knocked out of the FA Cup by Aston Villa on Sunday.
Watford can be promoted if they win and one of Bournemouth or Middlesbrough lose and Norwich fail to win. Derby can secure a play-off spot with a win over Millwall. Rotherham's relegation is complicated by a three-point deduction. Burton can be crowned League Two champions if they beat Northampton. Bristol Rovers will be promoted as Conference champions with win over Alfreton.
Bayern Munich face former club Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals. Juventus take on holders Real Madrid in the other semi-final in Turin. Pep Guardiola's side must avoid a repeat of their Porto horror-show to win the competition. Luka Modric's injury could be Real Madrid's biggest threat to Juventus' title defence.
Alex Song has picked his #one2eleven XI on Sky Sports' The Fantasy Football Club. West Ham United's on-loan Barcelona midfielder has picked a mixture of talent. Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Kameni could have played in the Premier League. Song believes Rigobert Song is a similar character to Carlos Puyol. Brazilian winger Neymar has earned himself a starting spot in his side.
Southampton host Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Steven Davis says Saints have an advantage over Spurs due to Pochettino's experience. Pochettino will be returning to St Mary's for the first time since leaving the club. Saints are currently just a point and a place ahead of Spurs in the table.
Cesc Fabregas will be making his first return to the Emirates Stadium since leaving Arsenal in 2011. The 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he takes his first steps at the north London stadium this weekend. Fabregas joined Arsenal as a teenager before returning to the Premier League with Chelsea. He has been linked with a move back to the Gunners in the summer. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Michael Owen said Newcastle would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play. John Carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management. Newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone and face Swansea on Saturday. The Magpies will set a new club record of seven straight Premier League defeats if they lose at home.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Marouane Fellaini started the game, but was dealt with in midfield by Kurt Zouma. Jose Mourinho admitted his side were confused as to whether the midfielder was playing. Mourinho said he had prepared his players to deal with the threat of Fellainis all week. But the Chelsea boss was told by a hotel doorman that the Belgian was not playing.
Rotherham have been deducted three points for fielding an ineligible player. Farrend Rawson wore the Rotherham shirt four times against Brighton on Easter Monday. Derby defender played in the 1-0 win after his youth loan had expired. The Millers have until May 1 to appeal the Football League's decision. They were also fined £30, half of which will be suspended until the end of the 2015-16 season.
Ryan Giggs, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Nicky Butt and Andrew Cole all played for Manchester United during Sir Alex Ferguson's greatest season at Old Trafford. The quartet went out for dinner just hours after their former side's 1-0 defeat by Chelsea. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to put Chelsea 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Patrick Bamford named Sky Bet Championship Player of the Year at Football League Awards. The 21-year-old beat competition from Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney to the award. MK Dons teenager Dele Alli was named Young Player of The Year. Preston North End's Joe Garner and Bury's Danny Mayor picked up the League One and Two awards respectively.
Michael Cheika is aware that his pack is being written off for the World Cup. England's pack demolished Australia at scrum-time during last November's 26-17 victory at Twickenham. Toulon playmaker Matt Giteau is set to feature for the Wallabies at the tournament. Australia face England and Wales in crunch pool games in September.
Wayne Rooney was spotted filling up his £100,000 Range Rover. Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea despite having 70 per cent possession. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Rooney was played in a deeper role against Jose Mourinho's side. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Memphis Depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV Eindhoven. The 21-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United. PSV technical director Marcel Brands confirms interest from 'big clubs' Brands says Depay must'make the choice' over his next destination. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Jack Grealish took to Twitter to thank fans for their messages of support. Brad Guzan also revealed the contents of his personal message ahead of the match. Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley Stadium on Wednesday. Click here for all the latest Aston Villa news.
Thiago Silva is recuperating at home from a thigh injury. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta also out for PSG. David Luiz is still not fully fit but is set to start against Nice on Saturday. Laurent Blanc said Silva's injury is not as bad as first feared. Marseille lost 1-0 away at Nantes on Friday and are out of the title race.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The American is expected to earn £120million from the highly-anticipated fight. Mayweather posted a video on Instagram showing off his new Mercedes-Maybach S600. His collection of sports cars includes two different Bugatti Veyrons, two Ferrari 458 Spiders, a Lamborghini Aventador, a Porsche 911 Turbo S and a Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano. Click here for more boxing news.
Juventus held on to a goalless draw against Monaco to progress to the Champions League semi-final. Arturo Vidal gave Juventus the lead from the penalty spot in the first leg in Turin. Giorgio Chiellini was shown a yellow card for a foul on Geoffrey Kondogbia early in the second half. Juventus will face Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Real Madrid in the final in Berlin on June 6.
Tim Howard joined Everton in the Community's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at Croxteth Sports Centre. The Toffees goalkeeper was provided with his own wheelchair. Howard joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team before taking his place in goal for a short game.
Rudy Gestede and Jordan Rhodes scored either side of half-time as Blackburn beat Millwall 2-0 at Ewood Park. The result leaves Neil Harris' side four points adrift of the relegation zone with two games to play. Rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference. Millwall boss Gary Bowyer's side could be hit with a three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player against Brighton.
Floyd Mayweather has earned more than $400million throughout his career. The boxer has a huge collection of super cars, private jets and jewellery. He regularly posts pictures of his extravagant purchases on social media. Sportsmail looks at his cars, jewellery and sports betting slips.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao is the richest fight in boxing history. The mega-fight takes place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets went on sale on Thursday evening and sold out within a minute. One ticket was advertised on StubHub for $128,705 (£85,508) on Thursday night. Ticketmaster.com experienced issues minutes before the 8pm start time due to high traffic.
Javier Hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the Champions League quarter-final second leg at the Bernabeu. Arda Turan was sent off for Atletico Madrid in the 76th minute for a second yellow card for a challenge on Sergio Ramos. Cristiano Ronaldo gave Real Madrid the lead in the 88th minute after a brilliant pass from Isco. Atletico Madrid were forced to play with 10 men after Turan's dismissal.
Bastian Schweinsteiger was an unused substitute in Bayern Munich's 6-1 Champions League win over Porto on Tuesday. Dietmar Hamann believes the World Cup winner has lost his place to Xabi Alonso. Franck Ribery is closing in on a return to fitness after a lengthy spell on the sidelines.
Memphis Depay had a secret meeting with Manchester United on Wednesday. Louis van Gaal is leading the hunt for the 21-year-old PSV Eindhoven winger. PSV coach Phillip Cocu admitted: 'Van Gaal is a very good coach and the Premier League is a great league' The Dutch club will have to pay around £25m for the pacy Holland international.
Eugenie Bouchard is playing in the Fed Cup World Group play-off against Romania. The Canadian star refused to shake hands with opponent Alexandra Dulgheru. Bouchard has suffered four defeats in her past six matches. Click here for more Fed Cup news.
Ashley Young is Manchester United's resident DJ at Old Trafford. The winger revealed he is under strict orders from manager Louis van Gaal to play only house and funky house music in the dressing room. Young met singer-songwriter Olly Murs after training to star as a guest on MUTV show Thursday Focus. Former Reds striker Andy Ritchie and Helen Evans hosted the light-hearted programme.
The Football League revealed the top ten players in each division on Sunday. Championship player of the year Patrick Bamford beat Daryl Murphy and Troy Deeney. Joe Garner, Danny Mayor and Dele Alli made the shortlist for League One. Bournemouth's Grant Leadbitter and Lee Tomlin also made the League Two top 10.
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar are seven goals short of 100 for the season. The trio will match the total scored by Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto'o and Messi in 2009. Henry scored 26, Etoo 36 and Messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season for Barcelona. Messi has 46, Neymar 28 and Suarez 19 despite missing the first three months through suspension.
Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola will return to the Nou Camp with his Bayern Munich team. In the other semi-final, defending champion Real Madrid will face Juventus. The first legs will be played on May 5-6, with the return matches on May 12-13. Real Madrid vs Juventus is the other tie.
Javier Hernandez scored the winner for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid. The Mexican will leave the Bernabeu at the end of the season. Lazio, Valencia, Dinamo Moscow, Newcastle, West Ham and Southampton are among clubs interested in the 26-year-old.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. In this, the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history, I look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all times. Muhammad Ali v Joe Frazier was the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game. They landed more than 100 blows to the head between them, each of such force that any one of them would have stopped lesser fighters.
Floyd Mayweather v Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. It will be voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century when it takes place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on Saturday night. This is the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history. The Rumble in the Jungle was the brainchild of Don King backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which Zaire president Mobuto Sese Seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. It is the third in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history. Joe Frazier v Muhammad Ali was the second 'Fight of the Century' at Madison Square Garden, New York, in 1971. The Greatest had been stripped of the world heavyweight title he had won so sensationally against Sonny Liston.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Here are 12 of the 12 most significant fights in boxing's history. The fight for the world heavyweight title between Jack Johnson and James J Jeffries in 1910 was the most controversial. White America hated it when 'Galveston Giant' Johnson beat Tommy Burns in Sydney, Australia, in 1908.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century. Joe Louis vs Max Schmeling was billed as a political war between an America struggling to emerge from the Great Depression and a Germany provoking armed conflict in Europe by annexing Austria. Schmeling's refusal to sack his Jewish manager meant his wife and mother were refused permission to travel to New York to support him in case he defected to the U.S. President Franklin D Roosevelt invited Louis to the White House and told him: 'Joe, we need muscles like yours to beat
Arsenal face Aston Villa in the FA Cup final at Wembley on May 30. Tim Sherwood's side won the coin toss ahead of the final and will wear their home kit. But the Gunners will be playing in their yellow and blue away strip for the clash. Arsenal have won three cup finals in yellow in five appearances in the strip. The north London club also won the competition in 1950 and 1971 while wearing yellow.
Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. The Blues are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Didier Drogba or Loic Remy could start up front for Jose Mourinho's side. Eden Hazard is in line to be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Hull City currently lie in 17th place in the Premier League table. Steve Bruce's side face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon. Hull have the third-lowest total wage bill in the top flight at £43.3million. Bruce says players will have their salaries cut if they don't beat the drop.
Manchester United travel to Goodison Park to face Everton on Sunday. Marouane Fellaini will return to Merseyside for the first time since his £27m move from Everton. Louis van Gaal has revealed he has spoken to the midfielder about keeping his cool. Robin van Persie is not expected to return to the starting XI after his run-out for United's Under 21 side against Leicester earlier in the week. Van Gaal expects to be without Michael Carrick, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo and Daley Blind for the trip to Everton.
Marseille will listen to offers for midfielder Florian Thauvin in the summer. Chelsea and Valencia have also watched the France Under 21 international. Tottenham want to offload fringe players first but are looking for attacking options. Mauricio Pochettino is unlikely to pursue Everton's Kevin Mirallas though.
Queens Park Rangers host West Ham in the Premier League on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side are currently in the bottom three with just four games left. Burnley boss Sean Dyche says his side have to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league. Newcastle, Aston Villa, Leicester, Sunderland and Hull are also battling to avoid the drop.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the William Hill Scottish Cup final. Meekings was banned for one game for handball during Inverness's 3-2 win over Celtic. He was not sent off and no penalty was given in the extra-time victory. The SFA have revealed that the judicial panel did not even consider his handball.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in the richest fight in boxing history. The mega-fight is set to take place in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather does not earn any money from endorsements, although companies such as AT&T and Corona have sponsored his fights. Outside the ring, Mayweather focuses on his business interests and has invested large sums of money in real estate.
Hartlepool United fans plan to dress up as Bob Marley for final game of season. Anti-racism body Kick It Out have urged Carlisle to refuse entry to any fans who decide to 'black up' for the occasion. Marley was a Jamaican reggae artist famed for his music and his dreadlocks.
Raheem Sterling is in a contract stand-off with Liverpool over a new deal. The 20-year-old rejected an offer worth £90,000-per-week from the Reds. Sterling says he pays no attention to the criticism levelled at him for the situation. Manchester City, Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United are all interested in signing Sterling. Real Madrid and Juventus are also keeping tabs on the England international.
Bristol Rovers lost their place in the Football League for the first time since 1920. Darrell Clarke was distraught at the end of last season, but there could be tears of joy this time around. Rovers face Barnet in the Conference play-off final on Saturday. If Bristol Rovers go up, they will be the first team to go straight back up since Carlisle in 2005. Barnet are heavy favourites to take the one automatic spot.
Manchester United and Arsenal are interested in signing Dayot Upamecano. The 16-year-old almost joined United in the January transfer window. Centre-back Umecano has played for France at U16 and U17 level. Manuel Pellegrini's side face Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Rafa Benitez has reached seven European semi-finals in 12 seasons. The Napoli boss has won the Europa League with four different clubs. Benitez guided Napoli into the semi-final with a 6-3 aggregate win over Wolfsburg. He has been linked with a return to England with Manchester City and Liverpool. Click here for more Napoli news.
Chelsea are set to follow Tottenhams lead and take part in a post-season friendly Down Under in June. The Blues could face Sydney FC at the ANZ Stadium on June 2 - days after Spurs fixture against the same side. Chelsea are expected to arrive in Australia as top-flight champions and the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out.
Warrington Wolves beat Leeds Rhinos 29-10 at Headingley on Friday night. Kevin Sinfield made his 500th appearance for the Rhinos. The Wolves completed a notable double over the Super League leaders. Leeds came up with their worst performance of the season in front of 17,430 crowd.
In the seventh innings of a game between the Kansas City Royals and Chicago White Sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl. A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field. Several punches were thrown and Ventura, along with fellow teammates Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez, was sent off along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija. Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings.
Javier Hernandez is on loan at Real Madrid from Manchester United. Striker scored winner in Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday. Mexican will return to Old Trafford at the end of the season and could be available for £7million. West Ham have a list of young targets ahead of their final season at Upton Park.
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Bryant Jennings in New York on Saturday night. Tyson Fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion. Fury hopes to lure the Ukrainian to England in the autumn for a stadium fight. Klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000.
A minute's silence will be held at 3pm on Saturday to mark the 30th anniversary of the Bradford fire disaster. 56 fans died and 265 were injured in the inferno at Valley Parade on May 11, 1985. Football League supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the Plastic Surgery and Burns Research Unit at the University of Bradford. Martin Fletchers new book  Fifty-six  The Story of Bradford Fire  challenges accepted theories as to the cause.
Joe Burgess scored his first Super League hat-trick as Wigan Warriors beat Wakefield 40-22. Shaun Wane's men climb above St Helens into second place in the table. Burgess is set to join Sydney Roosters at the end of the year. It was Wigan's first win away from home in the Super League this season.
Quade Cooper has agreed a two-year deal to join Toulon this summer. The Queensland Reds fly-half will link up with former Wallabies playmaker Matt Giteau. Toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of European titles. Bernard Foley is favourite to wear the Wallabies number 10 shirt for their World Cup campaign.
Hudson Swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the Zurich Classic lead with Boo Weekley when second-round play was suspended Friday. Swafford had an 11-under 133 total at TPC Louisiana. Jason Day, ranked sixth in the world, was 5 under for the round through 14 holes, pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under.
Florent Malouda has picked his #one2eleven side on Sky Sports' Fantasy Football Club. The former Chelsea winger picked players from Chelsea, Guingamp and the France national team. Malouda picked Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech to start in between the sticks for his Fantasy XI. Zinedine Zidane, Didier Drogba and Thierry Henry start in attack for the Frenchman.
Juventus lost to AC Milan in the 2003 Champions League final at Old Trafford. Andriy Shevchenko scored the winning penalty in a penalty shootout. The Italian champions were relegated to Serie B amid Italy's matchfixing scandal. Juventus have endured a tough few years but they are now back among Europe's elite. Gianluigi Buffon: 'I thought I'd have to wait less when I was at this stage 12 years ago, but seeing the journey was very difficult, we can enjoy this result even more'
'Love Call' notices are posted on George Street at Australia Square in Sydney's CBD. 'I am actively looking for you. If you're single, let's grab a drink together,' the poster reads. A woman known only by her email address as MissieSmile21 has taped posters to the city's light posts to find the man.
Sally Gordon-Smith, 14, was last seen leaving her school in Keilor East at 3pm on Friday. She was described by police as caucasian, 150cm tall, with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair. Police confirmed she was still missing early on Saturday morning and were concerned for her age.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City. The Ivorian has struggled to impose himself at the Etihad in recent seasons. But Toure's time at City is defined as a success, bringing two Premier League titles. Toure is one of the most watchable footballers our league has ever seen in its modern form.
As many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough that they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches. These range from bruises and sprains to fractures, torn ligaments and at worst, concussion and damage to the brain and spinal cord. The Government wants rugby to be played more at school as part of plans to increase competitive sports, to curb rising levels of obesity. Professor Allyson Pollock, an expert in Public Health at Queen Mary, University of London said these plans were extremely worrying
The Ventus X mouse has a honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory. It was designed by Taiwan-based ThermalTake and costs $50 (£34) via gaming hardware websites. Grilles meant to help because sweat can evaporate faster than on a solid surface, when a user raises their hand or withdraws it, letting air to the area.
Researchers from CNRS-GATE in Lyon and the University of California found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women. They assessed the competitiveness of 1,147 long distance runners competing in the US National Collegiate Athletic Association. The study found that men were far more competitive at all levels than female runners. However, there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women showing greater competitive drive than men.
The material would make the next iPhone 60 per cent harder than the iPhone 6, Taiwan-based Economic Daily News reported. The metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by Apple to make it lighter. It could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming Apple Watch Sport edition, which is reportedly also used in competition bicycles. Apple Watch Sport has a lightweight anodised aluminium case with a scratch-proof outer layer.
Didier Drogba has scored 15 goals in 15 games for Chelsea against Arsenal. The Ivorian striker averages a goal every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against the Gunners. Drogba's first goals against Arsenal came in the 2005 Community Shield. He has scored a double five times against Arsenal, including at The Emirates in 2009. Wenger has not beaten Mourinho in 12 attempts against the Chelsea boss.
Debris appeared to fall from the sky over the town of West Pittston, Pennsylvania. Residents believe it came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead. Plane waste is contained in a tank that can only be opened from the outside. The FAA said it is'very rare' for anything to fall out of an aircraft.
Miranda Devine called David Pocock a 'tosser' for celebrating a try using sign language. The media personality tweeted: 'Did Pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try?!!! What a tosser!' But it wasn't actually the hand shaking gesture that's become popular recently. 'It was actually Auslan/sign language for clapping. I have a friend who's first language is Auslan so it was for her&' he tweeted. Devine quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement.
French free diver jumped into Dean's Blue Hole in the Bahamas. Guillame Néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge. The hole is 660ft (200 metres) deep, although he doesn't go to the bottom. Free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes. Néry revealed a few years ago that he didn't really reach the bottom of the hole - its just filmed that way for artistic reasons. But the video is still incredibly impressive, as he holds his breath for minutes on end.
Dramatic virtual environment created using Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. Shows how passengers would survive a plane crash landing on water. Based on actual 2009 U.S. Airways Flight 1549 forced to land in Hudson River. Only one person was hospitalised, and the incident became known as 'Miracle on the Hudson' Hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes.
Gabriel Ng spent three months visiting family on the island of Ko Samui. Filmed scenes using a camera attached to a remote control drone that retails from £500. Six-minute video contains breathtaking sights that make it clear why Thailand is a favourite destination for tourists. High definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops, fishing boats and waterfalls.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg predicts virtual reality is the future of travel. The social media site recently purchased virtual reality headset maker Oculus Rift. Thanks to the headset, users will be able to explore the world from multiple viewpoints. Facebook also announced plans to support virtual reality on its newsfeed.
The watch was released to promote Apples Mac Operating System in 1997. It has a blue bezel, rubber strap and colourful hands and costs $2,499.99 (£1,707.47) plus postage. For the same price as the 1997 timepiece, Apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest Apple Watch Sport, which cost £299 in the UK and still have some change. The seller, called theappleipodbay calls the watch, which was made by Quartz, a rare collector item It is still cheaper
Zach Birnie was skiing with a friend in Revelstoke, Canada, when he was caught up in an avalanche. The skier was filming the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet. He can be seen falling to the floor as heavy snow closes in around him and in a matter of moments he is completely submerged. Before too long the skier re-emerges  panting in shock as he catches his breath.
Sweden's passport is the most powerful in the world, according to GoEuro. It allows visa-free entry into 174 countries, but is also among the most expensive. UK passport is 11th most expensive, and it takes a worker 11 hours to pay it off. The UAE has the most affordable passport at just £9, while Turkey is the priciest.
England's withdrawal from the historic Victory Shield for Under 16s has further worsened relations between the FA and the other home nations. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were unhappy to find out about the FA ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman Greg Dyke. Englands desire to have more varied opposition for their Under 16 players is not going down well in Wales, the current holders of the Victory Shield. Pele says 'God only knows' what happened to Brazil when they were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-final of their home World Cup last
Match.com is seeking a 'date explorer' to help it revolutionise the British dating scene. Lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in New York, Rio, Rome, Stockholm and Paris. Trip will last for six weeks and take place during June and July, with all travel costs covered. Will include a generous expenses budget to ensure they can go on as many dates as possible.
The unverified video shows the rocket drifting into view in slow motion and floating onto its target before a gust of wind topples it over. A deleted tweet by Musk says that the rocket appeared to be suffering from'stiction in the biprop throttle valve, resulting in control system phase lag' This means the valve controlling the flow propellent and oxidiser to the engine wasn't moving fast enough. As a result, the actions from rocket's computers couldn't be acted upon in time to correct the tilt of the booster. The video, which appeared on Reddit, reveals how the rocket overcomp
Adam Johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on Thursday. The 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club Sunderland despite the charges. Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping Johnson. Johnson has been used as a substitute in the last three games for the Black Cats. He will appear at Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20 - the day Sunderland face Arsenal.
Sergio Ramos was deployed as a makeshift midfielder against Atletico Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti moved him into midfield after Luka Modric picked up an injury. The Spanish centre-back once again proved his worth to Real Madrid on Wednesday. Ramos is one of those players for whom the old Liverpool song about Jamie Carragher 'We all dream of a team of Carraghers' would be appropriate.
Iker Casillas has been at Real Madrid since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old. David de Gea has been linked with a move to Manchester United this summer. But Casillas says he will fight for the No 1 jersey at the Bernabeu. Los Blancos are hoping to defend their Champions League title.
600 employees and senior executives were surveyed to find out their biggest resume peeves. The worst CV blunder is a spelling or grammatical mistake, according to the survey. Other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information and missing contact details. Brevity is valued, with only 26 per cent of senior executives disliking short resumes.
51-year-old Fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her young daughter on Thursday night. She said she knew the assailant had 'picked the wrong lady' as she became overwhelmed with maternal instincts and pushed him from her Perth home. Two cars in Fiona's street were broken into and garden tools were stolen from her backyard earlier that day. Police said there has been a spike in thefts in the Como area and urge anyone who sees suspicious behaviour to contact authorities immediately.
Eden Hazard was filmed as part of a feature for QPR defender Rio Ferdinand's '5' magazine. The Chelsea star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork as he handed out a lesson in ball control. Hazard tricks his marker with step-overs, a swift turn and by tucking the ball behind his standing leg to beat a man four times in succession. He smashes the ball over the bar with an open goal gaping after his fourth successful take-on.
Audrey Nethery, from Kentucky, has Diamond Blackfan Anemia, a life-threatening bone marrow condition that affects her ability to circulate oxygen. She is unable to produce enough red blood cells and has already had 20 blood transfusions. Her parents are posting videos of her dancing at Zumba class to raise money for the Diamond BlackFan Anemia Foundation.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix to extend his championship lead. The Briton was interviewed by three-time world champion Sir Jackie Stewart after the race. Hamilton could learn a few things from and about Sir Jackie. Bernie Ecclestone is hiring a public relations veteran to help promote Formula One. Nabeel Rajab has been charged with falsely accusing coalition forces in Yemen of killing Yemeni children.
Katie Hamilton said there was no 'big fight or blow up' which caused marriage to end. Hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse. The couple have four daughters, including a 14-year-old from Katie's former relationship. Katie will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer.
An injured and diseased Husky has been picked up by RSPCA inspectors in Adelaide. The injured dog has an injury to his right rear leg, possibly the result of being hit by a car. He is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange. Hero was wearing a collar when he was picked up on Monday in the Banksia Park area.
Mick Schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in Formula 4 on Wednesday. The 16-year-old signed a contract with Van Amersfoort Racing to drive in the Formula 4 in March. Mick's father Michael has won a record seven 91 races in Formula 1. He is still recovering from a December 2013 ski accident at his home in Switzerland.
Texas was hit with two inches of rain and tennis ball-sized hail stones in 15 minutes. Hundreds were evacuated from a circus big top after the weather system tore through the sides on Friday night. More than 1000 homes lost power between Houston and Dallas on Saturday. One tornado blew through Granbury on Saturday night, and winds of up to 80mph were reported in Hood County and Parker County.
Nico Rosberg finished third in Bahrain Grand Prix behind Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Raikkonen. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff believes Rosberg was back to his best in Sunday's race. Rosberg is 27 points adrift of Hamilton in the battle for this season's title.
A 66-year-old man has been charged after allegedly burning an Australian flag in Brisbane's Anzac Square on Friday afternoon. The man, from Palm Beach, was arrested and charged with a 'breach of the peace' and public nuisance. He will face Brisbane Magistrate's Court on the morning of Saturday's 100th Anzac Day commemoration service. Dawn Services will start at 4.28am at the Shrine of Remembrance in Adelaide Street.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao go head-to-head in Las Vegas on Saturday, May 2. The two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves in the build-up to the mega fight. Mayweather eats steamed white rice and chicken or beef broth at almost every meal. Pacquiao eats five meals and consumes 8,000 calories daily.
The rescue mission was captured on camera by Simon Cowell, who runs the Wildlife Aid Foundation in Leatherhead, Surrey. He notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards in its current position and has been stuck for around 40 minutes. Mr Cowell manages to distract the fox with a stick before grabbing it with his hand and pulling it free. The fox staggers off home over branches and twigs while wagging its tail in delight.
Frankie Franz watched Martin Montoya pull off the trick shot in a video. The 23-year-old defender lifted the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the Catalonia club. Joking that he could do the same with his mum and grandmother Frankie took to the garden to have a go. He moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time.
Shannon Hayes, 12, believes her pet hen has laid the world's smallest chicken egg. The 1.8cm egg is smaller than a five pence piece and was laid in Capel Iwan, Carmarthenshire. She believes it is two millimetres smaller than the previous record holder. In 2011, an American farmer claimed his hen had laid a 2.1cm long egg, but it was beaten in 2014.
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. The Mercedes driver enjoyed a jet surf session on Tuesday evening. Jenson Button is training for the London Marathon with his wife Jessica Michibata. Hamilton and Button have seven weeks off ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix.
Jeb Corliss jumped over the 562m high Ball's Pyramid near Lord Howe Island, in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand. The US-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs, ridges and mountains at high speed. Corliss, 39, has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight.
James Wilson would like to have Wayne Rooney's free-kick-taking ability. The Manchester United striker says Rooney practices his free-kicks every day. Wilson also wants Robin van Persie's movement and Radamel Falcao's instincts. Rooney and Van Persie played together for the United Under 21s on Monday night.
Lewis Hamilton has won nine of the last 11 grands prix. The Briton has a 27-point lead over Nico Rosberg in the drivers' standings. Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. He has now set a personal record run of 11 consecutive points in the points. Click here for more Formula One news.
Paul Downton has left his role as managing director of England and Wales Cricket Board. Downton leaves his role following England's shameful performance at World Cup. Nasser Hussain hopes whoever is appointed is close to the modern game. English cricket needs to learn to embrace the maverick.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The Sunderland winger will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. If found guilty, Johnson faces a lengthy prison term. Sunderland chiefs held talks on Thursday to decide Johnsons future at the club.
Luis Suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup. His wife Sofia says that he told her that he didn't bite the Italian defender. But after 10 days of being alone with her he admitted the truth to her. Suarez joined Barcelona from Liverpool for £75million in the summer.
talkSport pundit Stan Collymore was in full fan mode during Aston Villa's 3-3 Premier League draw with QPR on Tuesday night. Yorkshire's championship winning coach Jason Gillespie is preparing for the new season by becoming a vegan. Lancashires supporters action group are questioning the value of having Sky Sports commentator Paul Allott on the club board. The split between FA chairman Greg Dyke and vice-chairman David Gill over plans to change homegrown quota became apparent during Wednesday's FA council meeting.
Worst storm in a decade in NSW has killed three people, left 215,000 homes without power and caused commuter chaos. Three men could be seen scaling huge walls of waves at Deadman's Point in Manly, Sydney, on Monday. On Tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres, according to the Manly Hydraulics Laboratory, but this one later in the day appears even larger. A staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours in Dungog, in the Hunter region of New South Wales, where three elderly people were found dead. Four houses in the town were washed
Wladimir Klitschko faces Bryant Jennings on April 25 at Madison Square Garden. Victory for the Ukrainian will take him to within one win of Larry Holmes' 19 defences. Klitschko is closing in on the record number of successful title defences set by Joe Louis. The Ukrainian is keen to face Deontay Wilder in a unification fight later in his career.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming. The Sunderland winger will appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. He was initially arrested on March 2 at his £1.85million mansion in County Durham. CPS Chief Crown Prosecutor Gerry Wareham said he believed there was a realistic prospect of conviction and it was in the public interest for him to be charged.
Eden Hazard is favourite to win PFA Player of the Year award this season. Chelsea playmaker has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 32 games. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are recognised as the world's best players. Paul Scholes says Eden Hazard needs to be more ruthless to be compared with the likes of Messi and Ronaldo.
Mr Mole is one of three 7-2 co-favourites in the seven-runner line-up at Sandown. The Paul Nicholls-trained horse is bracketed with Irish raider Special Tiara and Nicky Hendersons Sprinter Sacre. McCoy shocked the racing world by announcing his intention to quit riding in February.
Adam Johnson has been charged with three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl. The winger has been bailed to appear at Peterlee Magistrates Court on May 20. Sunderland will not suspend Johnson while the legal process takes its course. Johnson has featured as a substitute in the Black Cats' last three matches. CLICK HERE for all the latest Sunderland news.
Wladimir Klitschko will fight Bryant Jennings at Madison Square Garden on Saturday. The Ukrainian has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade. Klitschko has 17 successful defenses in a row since winning the title in 2006. Jennings is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago.
Chris Gayle is currently in India ahead of this year's IPL tournament. The batsman posted a picture on Instagram of himself behind the DJ decks. Gayle is hoping to help Royal Challengers Bangalore win their first-ever IPL crown. Click here for all the latest IPL news.
Manny Pacquiao appeared on friend Mario Lopez's Extra programme on Wednesday. Filipino superstar took a break from preparations for his $300million superfight against Floyd Mayweather on May 2. Pacquiao and Lopez, star of the sitcom Saved By The Bell, know each other from training in the same gym. The pair laughed throughout their interview at Universal Studios Hollywood on April 1.
AP McCoy has won every major race to his name in his 25-year career. He has won 2 Cheltenham Gold Cups, 3 Champion Hurdles and the Grand National. The jockey has chipped 14 teeth and broken 13 bones in his quest to be the best. McCoy has lost the equivalent weight of two African elephants during his career.
Zoumana Camara is a fringe member of the Paris Saint-Germain squad this season. David Luiz and Ezequiel Lavezzi set up the prank ahead of PSG's trip to Marseille on Sunday. The French champions are top of Ligue 1 with eight games to go. PSG face Marseille at the 67,394-capacity Stade Velodrome on Sunday night.
Wayne Rooney has been interviewed by Little Ant and Dec for ITV's Saturday Night Takeaway programme. The Manchester United striker enjoyed a light-hearted chat with the pranksters. Rooney admits he finds it tiresome when fans chant his name in the street. England captain will lead United out against Aston Villa at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Diego Maradona has not worked since leaving United Arab Emirates club Al-Wasl in 2012. Maradona is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game. He guided Argentina to World Cup glory in 1986. The 54-year-old has undergone gastric bypass surgery since retiring from football.
UFC bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey stars in Fast & Furious 7. Rousey's MMA skills are used to full effect in the latest movie in the franchise. She wore a sleek black dress handmade by London designers House Of CB. The premiere follows her debut WWE appearance at the Wrestlemania 31 event.
Branislav Ivanovic has yet to open talks over a new contract at Chelsea. The Serbia captain's current deal at Stamford Bridge expires in 2016. Bayern Munich are keen on signing Ivanovic but are unlikely to make a move until January. PSG will make a £7million bid for Petr Cech this summer.
Stevan Jovetic has started just 11 Premier League games for Manchester City. The 25-year-old has made just 39 appearances since his £22million move from Fiorentina. Inter Milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent £15million deal for the Montenegrin. City would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal. Yaya Toure has hinted he could be keen on a move away from the Etihad Stadium.
Javier Hernandez broke down in tears after scoring against Atletico Madrid. But Real Madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the striker. Manchester United have no shortage of interest in the Mexico international. Orlando of the MLS have tried and failed to convince Hernandez to join them. Dinamo Moscow have made enquiries in the past fortnight. Everton, Newcastle, West Ham and Stoke have also asked to be informed.
Victor Wanyama has been linked with a move to Arsenal this summer. The 23-year-old moved from Celtic to Southampton for £12.5million in 2013. Wanyama claims he has never spoken to Arsene Wenger about a move. Kenyan midfielder has reportedly not ruled out a reunion with Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham.
Chelsea have been linked with a move for Palermo striker Paulo Dybala. Reports in Italy suggest Juventus have offered £23million for the 21-year-old. Dybala has scored 13 league goals for the Serie A side this season. Manchester United, Arsenal, PSG and Atletico Madrid have also been linked. Click here for more transfer news.
Radamel Falcao has scored only four goals for Manchester United this season. Colombian striker is expected to leave Old Trafford in the summer. Juventus boss Beppe Marotta claims striker's wages are 'beyond their means' Serie A champions have expressed an interest in Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani. PSG's Cavani is rated at £35m, but Juventus would not be prepared to meet that fee.
Alan Pardew has been linked with a move for Tim Krul from Newcastle. Crystal Palace boss says he has had no contact with Newcastle or Krul over a transfer. Pardew insists he is happy with current Eagles No 1 goalkeeper Julian Speroni.
Kevin de Bruyne has attracted interest from Manchester City, Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain. De Bruyne's agent Patrick de Koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day about his client. Manchester City are keen to sign the 23-year-old as they look to reshape their squad. Wolfsburg midfielder has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists this season.
Gareth Bale wants to stay at Real Madrid beyond the end of this season. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the Welshman. Bale is out of Real's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Atletico Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti has said that Bale is the most important player in the world. Real Madrid also want Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea to replace Iker Casillas.
Chelsea defender Kurt Zouma has revealed he dreams of winning the Ballon d'Or. The 20-year-old joined the Blues in January 2014 from Saint-Etienne. Zouma is hoping to emulate former Blues captain and World Cup winner Marcel Desailly. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
Petr Cech looks certain to leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the season. The Chelsea stopper has lost his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Arsene Wenger must be swift with a move for his top goalkeeping target. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Yaya Toure has been linked with a move away from Manchester City. The Ivorian midfielder is wanted by Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini. Toure says he will not stay at City just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages. Manuel Pellegrini's future will not affect his decision, according to Toure.
West Ham are showing interest in Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur. The Scotland international only joined the Eagles last summer in a deal worth £7million. McArthur has scored twice in 27 Premier League appearances for the Eagles this season. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Manchester United have made an official approach for Memphis Depay. PSV Eindhoven have confirmed the Red Devils have made a move for the winger. Louis van Gaal is keen to make Depay one of his first signings of the summer. The 21-year-old has scored 20 goals in 26 league games for PSV this season. Depay was named in Van Gaal's 23-man Holland World Cup squad last summer.
Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley and Jay Rodriguez are all targets for Manchester City. City are aware of a lack of homegrown talent at senior level. Frank Lampard and James Milner will leave the Etihad Stadium in the summer. Sterling is valued at £50m but he can buy out the final year of his contract for £1.7m. Barkley has had an inconsistent season but would command a hefty fee. Rodriguez has not played this season but City are monitoring his return from injury.
Manchester City are monitoring Juventus striker Alvaro Morata. The Spain international was a target for Arsenal a year ago when he left Real Madrid but opted for a move to Italy instead. Real have a buy-back option set at around £15million but are unlikely to take that up. City also remain keen on Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba.
Carlos Tevez has been linked with a return to Boca Juniors in the summer. Juventus striker has said throughout his career that he wants to end his career at his boyhood club. Boca president Daniel Angelici claimed he was 'close to bringing Carlos home' Tevez has said he is yet to make a decision on his future and is thinking only of Juventus.
Hearts captain Danny Wilson will leave the club at the end of the season. The 23-year-old activated a clause in his contract to leave Tynecastle. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has been linked with a move for the defender. Robbie Neilson admits it will be difficult to lose the influential defender.
Carlos Tevez has told Juventus he wants to leave the club this summer. The 31-year-old striker has scored 17 goals in Serie A so far this season. Tevez has always said he intends to finish his career at Boca Juniors in Argentina. Boca confirm they are close to completing a deal for the former Manchester City man. But club president Daniel Angelici has stressed Tevez must terminate his contract first.
Edinson Cavani insists he will be staying at Paris Saint-Germain until his contract expires. Manchester United have been linked with a move for the Uruguayan forward. Cavani joined PSG from Napoli in a £50million deal in the summer of 2013. Club owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi has ruled out selling the striker this summer.
Georginio Wijnaldum has been linked with a move to the Premier League. The PSV Eindhoven midfielder has scored 16 goals in all competitions this season. 24-year-old says he has the ambition to play for a 'great club' in a major European league. Wijnaldum says he speaks to Holland team-mates Leroy Fer and Tim Krul about England.
Juventus and Liverpool are monitoring developments with Chelsea midfielder Oscar. The Brazil international has been criticised by Jose Mourinho in recent weeks. Oscar cost Chelsea £19.35m and they would want a substantial profit on the 23 year-old. Paris Saint-Germain have also shown an interest in the midfielder. Brazil coach Carlos Dunga has advised Juventus to sign Oscar.
Carlos Tevez is under contract at Juventus until the end of next season. The striker has told the club's hierarchy he wants to leave this summer. Tevez has always said he intends to finish his career at Boca Juniors in Argentina. Italian paper Corriere della Sera insist that the club will not stand in Tevez's way.
Chelsea youngster Patrick Bamford is currently on loan at Middlesbrough. The 21-year-old has impressed during loan spells at MK Dons, Derby and now Boro. Bamford has just over a year left on his deal at Stamford Bridge and Chelsea are keen to tie him down to a new long-term deal. He currently earns £7,500 a week, but Chelsea will significantly improve on that.
Sheffield Wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to Tom Lees and Keiren Westwood. Wednesday equalled their club record of 17 clean sheets in a season on Tuesday. The record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when Jack Charlton was manager. Lees and Westwood are among the contenders for the club's Player of the Year.
Chelsea will announce the £4.5million signing of Brazilian wonderkid Nathan on Wednesday. The dazzling attacking midfielder, who turned 19 last month, has been in London for talks with the Blues this week and passed a medical on Tuesday. Nathan is seen as the next big thing in South American football and touches down in the capital with an ever-growing reputation. He joins fellow Brazilians Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge.
Victor Moses has returned to Chelsea for treatment after injuring his hamstring. Nigeria international has been on loan at Stoke but is expected to be out for six weeks. Stoke are still keen to tie up a permanent deal for the 24-year-old. The Potters have opened talks with Ligue 1 side Evian over the transfer of defender Daniel Wass.
Andre Ayew is out of contract at Marseille at the end of the season. Ghana international has also attracted interest from Newcastle and Everton. Swansea are interested in Schalke full-back Christian Fuchs as a potential replacement for Neil Taylor. Click here for more transfer news.
Arsenal are keen on signing Raheem Sterling but may pull out of the running. The Gunners are concerned about the 20-year-old's recent controversy. Sterling has been caught smoking shisha and inhaling nitrous oxide. Arsene Wenger has been outspoken in his views against smoking in the past.
Swansea City are interested in signing Schalke defender Christian Fuchs. The Austria international is out of contract in the summer. West Bromwich Albion are keen on signing Swansea left back Neil Taylor. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Gareth Bale has been linked with a summer move to Manchester United. Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane has ruled out the idea of selling the Welshman. Bale joined Real Madrid for a world record £86million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2013. Zidane says Real 'buy the best players in the world, they don't sell them' Real are reportedly keen on signing United goalkeeper David de Gea.
Manchester City are willing to listen to offers for Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri. The Ivorian midfielder will be available before his value in the market dwindles. Nasri has barely played since his lame showing in the Champions League at Barcelona. Aleksandar Kolarov and Edin Dzeko are also short of admirers within the club.
Helal Abbas, 55, lost bid to become mayor of Tower Hamlets in East London days after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet. The race was won by controversial figure Lutfur Rahman, 50, a controversial figure who has been accused in a separate High Court case of rigging his re-election victory last year. During the 2010 campaign, the London Bangla ran an advert accusing Mr Abbas of assaulting his ex-wife.
Tottenham will offer Nabil Bentaleb a new contract to ward off interest. The Algerian international's current deal expires in the summer of 2018. Bentaleb's wages are expected to rocket to around £35,000-per-week. CLICK HERE for all the latest Tottenham Hotspur news.
Time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at Bardwell Park in Sydney's south. The murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform. Sydney's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am Wednesday  the most fall for almost 17 years. About 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city, and a number of main roads remain closed due to flooding.
Grace Joy Roseman died after she managed to move over edge of adjustable cot. A'safety' ridge cut off oxygen supply to her brain, West Sussex Coroner's Court heard. Coroner Penelope Schofield said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths. The cot has a moveable panel on one side which can be folded down, leaving a ridge just 7cm high. Charity National Childrens Trust has pulled the cot from sale and stopped orders going out.
Rudy Gestede has scored 20 goals in the Championship for Blackburn. The 26-year-old has set his sights on a move away from Ewood Park. Swansea, Crystal Palace, Hull and West Brom have all shown an interest. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Footage of the contest was captured on a property near Amber Mountain National Park on the northern edge of Madagascar. It shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon. The video maker, who speaks French, declares it bataille du chameleons, or battle of the chameles.
Dapper Laughs, the controversial persona previously 'killed off' by disgraced comedian Daniel O'Reilly, has arrived Down Under. The British star documented his journey to Sydney, via Doha and Melbourne, in a video posted online. He chatted up air stewardesses and airport cleaners while in character as the laddish alter-ego. OReillys TV show Dapper laughs: On The Pull was cancelled by ITV last year after more than 60,000 people signed a petition for it to be axed. And around 44 comedians signed an open
NYPD officers shot dead a suspect as he fled from the scene of a crime Wednesday night. The man, 30, opened fire in the Queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired. When he turned around to do so again he was shot dead.
Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton in order to take up the Tottenham job. The Argentine will return to St Mary's for the first time since leaving the club in May. Pochettino admits he could be given a hostile reception on his return to the south coast. But the Spurs boss says he is not upset by the prospect of being jeered by fans.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila wants referees to speak to the media after matches. The Bhoys lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final after extra-time. Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in the final after his ban was dismissed. Deila has called for similar transparency as in his Norwegian homeland.
Alan Pardew is keen on bringing in a marquee signing to boost the club's profile. The Crystal Palace boss is prepared to let Yannick Bolasie leave for 'between 40 and 60m pounds' Pardew has not had to 'lean on' Shola Ameobi, Jordon Mutch and Lee Chung-yong too much. Crystal Palace host Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Lorient beat Marseille 5-3 in their Ligue 1 clash at the Stade Velodrome. Marseille had lost three of their last four games and were bottom of the table. But Lorient climbed out of the relegation zone with a remarkable away win. Jordan Ayew scored twice, as did Andre-Pierre Gignac and Francois Bellugou. Michy Batshuayi and Mathias Autret also netted for the visitors.
Josh Meekings will be allowed to play in Scottish Cup final against Falkirk. The Inverness defender was cleared of deliberate handball charge on Thursday. Meekings admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded against Celtic. SFA judicial panel decided it was not entitled to apply retrospective punishment.
Ronald Koeman has promised not to leave Southampton this summer. The Dutchman has steered the Saints to new heights in his first season in England. Koeman has said he would not be interested in managing Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid. Southampton only need a point to break their Premier League points tally set last season.
Carl Jenkinson says Jack Grealish should follow his heart when choosing between Ireland or England. The West Ham defender was in the same situation when he had to choose between Finland and England in 2012. Grealish is on loan at the Hammers from Arsenal until the end of the season. Aston Villa midfielder Jenkinson played for Ireland at youth level.
West Ham are the first Premier League club to reduce season ticket prices. The Hammers' cheapest adult season ticket will cost £289 when they move to the Olympic Stadium. Manager Sam Allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any club.
Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell will miss first three games of the season. Bell will also be fined a game cheque for abusing the league's substance abuse policy. Former Steeler LeGarrette Blount was also charged with marijuana possession. Blount won the Super Bowl with the New England Patriots last season.
Tottenham are considering a new 65,000 capacity stadium for the 2018-19 season. The north London club could share it with an NFL London franchise. Spurs' new stadium could have a retractable grass pitch to accommodate NFL players. NFL officials will be testing logistics when they stage three games at Wembley this autumn.
Mauricio Pochettino spent 16 months as Southampton manager before leaving for Tottenham. Pochettino has a reputation for bringing through young players at Espanyol and Southampton. Harry Kane has scored 31 goals in all competitions for Spurs so far this season. Calum Chambers and James Ward-Prowse both rose to prominence under the Argentine. The former Spurs boss has also employed a strict and demanding training regime at Spurs.
New England Patriots host Pittsburgh Steelers in season opener on September 10. Atlanta Falcons host Philadelphia Eagles and San Francisco 49ers take on Minnesota Vikings. New York Giants take on NFC East rivals Dallas Cowboys on Monday Night Football. Seattle Seahawks face Green Bay Packers in rematch of NFC Championship Game. Miami Dolphins and New York Jets travel to London for International Series games.
Hernandez, 25, looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict. The first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of Odin Lloyd, a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player. Hernandezs mother, Terri, and his fiancee, Shayanna Jenkins, cried and gasped when they heard the verdict and Hernandez later mouthed to them: 'Be strong. Be strong' The former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges.
Jimmy Graham signed for the Seattle Seahawks in free agency. Michael Bennett labelled the tight end'soft' and 'overrated' in the past. The defensive end said he 'didn't like him as a person or a player' Bennett will come face-to-face with Graham on April 20. Click here for more NFL news.
Charles Tillman has ended his 12-year career with the Chicago Bears. The veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the Carolina Panthers. Tillman was a staple of Lovie Smith's stingy defense. He is third on the Bears all-time list for interceptions with 36.
Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games. Hardy was informed in a letter by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell that the probe determined there was'sufficient credible evidence that Hardy engaged in conduct that violated NFL policies in multiple respects' The five-year NFL veteran was found guilty by a district court judge in July but appealed the verdict and was allowed to have a jury trial.
Stevan Ridley has signed a one-year deal with the New York Jets. The 26-year-old suffered a tear to his right ACL last season with the Patriots. He played just six games as the Patriots won the AFC East title and the Super Bowl. Ridley joins Brandon Marshall and Ryan Fitzpatrick in a revamped Jets offense.
Sarah Thomas, 41, was in the league's officiating development program in 2013-14 and worked some team minicamps last year. She's already broken ground in the officiating field as the first woman to work college games in 2007. Shannon Eastin worked regular-season NFL games in 2012 as a replacement official, making her the first female to do so in any capacity.
LeSean McCoy was traded to the Buffalo Bills in exchange for Kiko Alonso. McCoy says he doesn't think Eagles head coach Chip Kelly 'likes or respects the stars' Bills running back says Kelly's team has a 'college feel' and doesn't like star players.
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning, according to reports. During the incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside the club. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas.
Adrian Peterson is to meet with the NFL to discuss his reinstatement. The running back was placed on Commissioner's Exempt list due to child abuse case. Peterson was due to be reinstated on April 15, but will meet with NFL this week. Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer has said the team do not want to trade their star back. Dallas Cowboys and Arizona Cardinals have been linked with a move for Peterson.
Sarah Thomas has officiated pre-season games as a line judge. The 42-year-old mother-of-three is set to be named as one of eight new officials. Thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999. She was the first woman to referee in a Big Ten stadium and bowl game.
Efe Obada will fly to Texas next month for rookie mini-camp. The 22-year-old Londoner only took up American football last year. Obada currently works in a warehouse in Welwyn Garden City. 6ft 5in, 225-pound Obada is seen as a defensive end or tight end. He joins compatriot Jack Crawford on the Cowboys roster.
Jacksonville Jaguars open competition for UK-based fans via nfluk.com. Winners will announce sixth and seventh round picks live on Sky Sports in the UK and the NFL Network in the United States. It will be the first time any part of the NFL Draft has taken place outside the US. The Jaguars are committed to playing one home game each year in London until 2016.
Badou Jack beat Anthony Dirrell on points to win the WBC super-middleweight title. Jack will fight George Groves for the title as he is the mandatory challenger. On the undercard, Danny Jacobs stopped Caleb Truax in the 12th round. Jacobs is four years removed from a fight with cancer.
Olympic gold medallist Nicola Adams has pulled out of the English National Championships after a burglary at her home in Leeds. Two cars, training kit and valuable personal possessions were taken in the break-in. Adams had been due to contest the women's 51kg flyweight division. She was due to fight Great Britain rival Lisa Whiteside in the final.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. The bout is billed as 'The Fight of the Century' and is worth at least $180million. Joe Calzaghe believes Mayweather will overcome the challenge of his opponent. Calzaghe is a former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the weigh-in will cost £6.60 and will go on sale on Friday at 8pm. All money raised will go to the charities chosen by Mayweather and his opponent. A mere 500 tickets were made available to the public but sold out in minutes.
Luke Rockhold beat Lyoto Machida by second-round submission. Rockhold now wants a title shot and a shot at MMA history in New York. Jacare Souza beat Chris Camozzi in the co-main event. Souza also wants a middleweight title shot. CLICK HERE for all the latest UFC news.
Dana White posted a video of Lyoto Machida sweating it out in a sauna suit. The Brazilian was wrapped in an electric blanket with the dial turned up to'max' At the end of the video, Machida lifts up his suit and empties a considerable volume of water on to the floor. Machida tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb on Saturday night.
Luke Rockhold takes on Lyoto Machida in New Jersey on Saturday. Rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to Vitor Belfort two years ago. Machida is confident he can upset Rockhold and earn himself a title shot. Click here for all the latest UFC news.
Conor McGregor says he would 'kill' Floyd Mayweather 'in less than 30 seconds' The UFC featherweight champion is preparing for his world title fight against Jose Aldo in July. McGregor said Mayweather lacked the skills in areas other than boxing. Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on May 2.
UFC champion Ronda Rousey wants to return to the WWE after her debut appearance with Fast and Furious co-star The Rock at WrestleMania 31. Rousey told retired wrestling legend Roddy Piper's Piper Pit podcast that 'there's nothing like' WWE. The 29-year-old's focus is on her upcoming fight against Bethe Correia in Brazil. Her UFC bantamweight title will be up for grabs at the HSBC Arena.
Federal agent Jeff Novitzky has been appointed as the UFC's new Vice President of Athlete Health and Performance. Novitzky will spearhead the development of the organisation's new drug testing programme. Anderson Silva, Nick Diaz and Hector Lombard have all tested positive for PEDs.
Jimi Manuwa takes on Jan Blachowicz in London on Saturday night. The Londoner suffered his first defeat to Alexander Gustafsson more than a year ago. Manuwa doesn't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the Octagon. He believes his 'aggression and killer instinct' will help him finish his opponent.
Mirko Filipovic takes on Gabriel Gonzaga in Poland on Saturday night. The Serbian lost to the Brazilian in 2007 by a first-round head kick at UFC 70. Filipovic is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory. Gonzaga said he does not consider the fight a rematch because of the eight-year gap.
Conor McGregor takes on Jose Aldo in Las Vegas on July 11. Aldo will make his eighth defence of his featherweight belt against McGregor. McGregor says Aldo 'doesn't want the belt the way I want it' 'He can't hide the fact he doesn't want to be near me,' says McGregor.
Paula Creamer has called for a Masters tournament for women at Augusta National. Creamer first floated the idea on Twitter following Jordan Spieth's stunning victory at the Masters on April 14. The world No 27 suggested a women's event could be staged the week following the men's showpiece in April.
Chad Mendes and Ricardo Lamas meet in the main event of UFC Fight Night: Mendes vs Lamas in Fairfax, Virginia. The featherweight bout could determine the next challenger to champion Jose Aldo. Mendes' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the Brazilian king and Lamas also dropped a decision to Aldo when the two met in February last year. 'Money' Mendes is confident that he is stronger than 'The Bully'
Justin Rose returns to action at the Zurich Classic of New Orleans this week. Rose finished joint second in the Masters behind Jordan Spieth earlier this month. The 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at TPC Louisiana. Steve Stricker is also making his way back to full fitness after back surgery last year.
Conor McGregor has a tiger's face tattooed on his stomach. The Irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked on his chest. McGregor faces Jose Aldo for the featherweight title in Las Vegas on July 11. 'The Notorious' claims he has greater motivation to win the title than Aldo. Click here for more UFC news.
Chad Mendes beat Ricardo Lamas with a first-round knockout. Mendes retains his No 1 featherweight ranking in UFC's featherweight rankings. Al Iaquinta took a split decision win over Jorge Masvidal in the co-main even. Dustin Poirier and Julianna Pena made successful returns to the Octagon. Poirier dropped Carlos Ferreira with a straight shot in the first round of his main card curtain raiser.
Lindsey Vonn spoke about her relationship with Tiger Woods on the Late Night With Seth Meyers. The 30-year-old has been dating golf's former No 1 since 2013. Vonn says Woods' children Sam, seven, and Charlie, six, are 'great kids' The US skier was on the show to talk about her Lindsey Vonn Foundation, which she launched in February.
Sir Nick Faldo and Tom Watson will compete at The Open for the last time in July. Faldo will cross the Swilcan Bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the Old Course at St Andrews. R&A chief executive Peter Dawson paid tribute to Faldo's achievements.
Bubba Watson showed off a new trick he had been working on in practice. The 36-year-old hit a baseball-style shot with a driver in China. He flicked the ball to someone in a tree before they dropped it and he smashed it. Watson's shot seemed to fly down the middle, much to the delight of his caddie.
Jim Furyk defeated Kevin Kisner on the second play-off hole to win the RBC Heritage title at Hilton Head. The 44-year-old carded a final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader Troy Merritt. Furyk's victory was his first on the PGA Tour since 2010.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat beat Li Hao-tong in a play-off to claim his second European Tour title. The 25-year-old was two shots behind with two holes to play, but produced a brilliant finish to win. Li was the favourite to become the first Chinese winner of a European Tour event on home soil. England's Tommy Fleetwood finished a shot outside the play off spot.
Kiradech Aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes to take the lead at the Shenzhen International in China on Saturday. The 25-year-old has one European Tour win to date when he won the Malaysian Open in 2013. Bubba Watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par.
Carly Booth is currently in Mauritius for a photo shoot with Golf Punk magazine. The 22-year-old has been keen to show off her bikini body while on the Indian Ocean island. Booth became the youngest-ever Scot to qualify for the Ladies European Tour at the age of 17. She is currently ranked World No 520 as she looks to make her ascent up the rankings.
Troy Merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at Harbour Town Golf Links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings. Jordan Spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in Hilton Head, South Carolina. Spieth sank nine birdies to revive memories of his Masters heroics, when he led after every round to win by four shots.
Rory McIlroy's foundation is hosting the event at Royal County Down. US Open champion Martin Kaymer and former world number one Luke Donald have confirmed their participation in the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open. American Ryder Cup star Patrick Reed also revealed he would compete in the BMW PGA Championship.
Jordan Spieth finished the first round of the RBC Heritage on three over par. The Masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74. Matt Every and Graeme McDowell shared the lead on five under after first round. Sangmoon Bae is alone in third place, one shot back, with a five-way tie for fourth.
Rory McIlroy battled with Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan in a game of Circular Soccer. The World No 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown. McIlroy is an avid Manchester United fan and dreamed of playing for the club as a child.
Sara Errani beat Agnieszka Radwanska 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 in two hours and eight minutes. World No 9 follows Ana Ivanovic out of Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart. Fifth seed lost to Caroline Garcia for the third time this year on Tuesday. Errani will now face Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas in the second round.
Rafael Nadal lost to Fabio Fognini 6-4, 7-6 (8-6) in the third round of the Barcelona Open. The world No 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the Catalan clay court. Fognini will now face Pablo Andujar, who beat Feliciano Lopez in straight sets. Nadal has just one title to his name since winning the French Open in June last year.
Bubba Watson sits four shots off the pace at the Shenzhen International. The defending champion had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit in joint 17th. Watson finished 38th at Augusta National as the defence of his Masters crown finished in disappointing fashion.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. The 21-year-old equaled Tiger Woods' tournament birdie record. Spieth will return to action this week at the RBC Heritage Classic. He has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events.
Rafael Nadal beat Nicolas Almagro 6-3 6-1 at the Barcelona Open on Wednesday. The world No 4 is looking for his ninth title on the clay in the Catalan capital. Nadal will play 13th seed Fabio Fognini of Italy or Russian qualifier Andrey Rublev on Thursday for a place in Friday's quarter-finals.
British tennis fans face a Wimbledon-type scramble for Davis Cup quarter-final tickets this summer. There will be a capacity of 7,000 for July's match against France at London's Queen's Club, but well under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters. The rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies, with a considerable percentage going to well-heeled Queen's members.
Victor Estrella beat Marin Cilic 6-4 6-3 6-2 at the Barcelona Open on Wednesday. Cilic is the 2014 U.S. Open champion but is struggling with a shoulder injury. Santiago Giraldo beat Joao Sousa of Portugal to reach the third round. The Colombian will play Kei Nishikori in a rematch of last year's final.
Ana Ivanovic was beaten 7-6 (8/6) 6-4 by Caroline Garcia in Stuttgart on Tuesday. The world No 6 lost for the third time this year to Garcia in the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. Ekaterina Makarova (six) and Carla Suarez Navarro (eight) also made it through their first round matches.
Angelique Kerber beat Maria Sharapova 2-6, 7-5, 6-1 in the second round of the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart. The German fought back from losing the first set to oust the three-time defending champion. Madison Brengle of the United States upset third seed Petra Kvitova 6-3, 7-6 (2), 6-3.
Jose Mourinho was given a tour of Wimbledon as part of a new deal with Jaguar. The Chelsea manager said he felt British when Andy Murray won the 2013 final. Mourinho described SW19 as'more than a Grand Slam' due to its traditions and aura. Murray beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to win Britain's first men's title in 77 years.
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6 7-6(3) 6-3 in the Fed Cup play-off on Sunday. The US were beaten 3-2 by Italy in the doubles rubber at the USTA Championships. Williams and Alison Riske were thrashed 6-0 6-2 in the first doubles rubber. America were relegated to World Group II after the defeat.
Top seed Kei Nishikori beat Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-3 6-4 in the second round of the Barcelona Open. Nishikori is defending the title he won in Barcelona last year. The other seeds to advance to the third round were Roberto Bautista-Agut and Tommy Robredo. Fernando Verdasco was knocked out of the competition by Andrey Rublev.
Agnieszka Radwanska and Martina Navratilova parted company on Friday. The pair announced in December that they would work together. Radwanksa has struggled this season and was knocked out in the first round in Stuttgart.
Rafa Nadal is favourite to win the French Open at Roland Garros in June. Novak Djokovic has won 17 matches on the bounce and is in superb form. But Nadal says it is no different to previous years when he has faced the Serb. The Spaniard is looking to win his tenth French Open and sixth in a row.
Davis Cup quarter-final will be played at London's Queen's Club. Match will be Britain's biggest home tie in three decades from July 17-19. Tickets go on sale on May 27 and the match is expected to sell out quickly. GB and France look well-matched and it could well depend on who wins the doubles rubber.
Jenson Button failed to start his 100th race for McLaren at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Hamilton secured his 36th win of his career in Bahrain and 21st from pole position. Kimi Raikkonen secured a record seventh podium finish in Bahrain. Bernie Ecclestone denied trying to engineer a deal for Hamilton to join Ferrari.
Jenson Button stopped on track in each of the practice sessions on Friday due to technical issues. Fernando Alonso managed to get a McLaren into Q2 for the first time this season. Button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix.
Bernie Ecclestone has confirmed Azerbaijan will stage the European Grand Prix. The race will be held in Baku, the capital of the former Soviet republic. Azerbaijan has a poor human rights record, according to a 2015 Human Rights Watch report. Ecclestone says there is 'no question of it not being on the calendar' The sport recently published a 'Statement of Commitment to Respect for Human Rights'
Novak Djokovic defeated Tomas Berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 in the final of the Monte Carlo Open. The world No 1 became the first player to win the opening three Masters 1000 events. Djokovic extended his winning streak to 17 matches and extended his lead over Roger Federer to more than 5,000 points.
Lewis Hamilton qualified on pole position for the Bahrain Grand Prix on Saturday. Nico Rosberg was third, six-tenths of a second adrift of his Mercedes team-mate. Hamilton has dominated this season and has got pole in every race so far. Rosberg will start behind Hamilton for the fourth consecutive race.
Jenson Button was set to start from the back of the grid in Bahrain. The McLaren driver failed to complete the qualifying session in Sakhir. McLaren chairman Ron Dennis says the engine is not broken but the data in the Energy Recovery System is not clean. Button took to Twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure.
Hamilton dominated qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix taking pole position by four tenths of a second from Sebastian Vettel of Ferrari. Hamilton's Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg was third six-tenths of second behind him. Jenson Button's McLaren broke down with him having done just one sector of one lap and he will start 20th and last. Fernando Alonso will start 14th, a big improvement on McLaren's poor start to the season.
Maurizio Arrivabene has urged Kimi Raikkonen to prove himself at Ferrari. Raikkonen's contract with the Maranello marque expires at the end of the season. The Finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his F1 career. But his form has not matched that of team-mate Sebastian Vettel.
Kimi Raikkonen finished second behind Lewis Hamilton in Bahrain. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with the Finn to keep his desire to remain with the Maranello marque high. Raikkonen has an option on his deal for next season. Hamilton is yet to sign his new contract with Mercedes.
Nico Rosberg has admitted he's wary of the threat posed by rivals Ferrari. The Mercedes driver described their pace as 'dangerous' and 'worrying' Rosberg topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs during Friday practice. He trails Lewis Hamilton by 17 points in the drivers' standings ahead of Sunday's race.
Bernie Ecclestone has urged Lewis Hamilton to consider a move to Ferrari. Hamilton is yet to sign a new contract with Mercedes. Ferrari president Sergio Marchionne has admitted that he covets the Brit. Sebastian Vettel finished fourth in practice ahead of Kimi Raikkonen.
Davy Condon suffered a spinal injury in a fall at the Grand National earlier this month. The jockey was riding Portrait King when he fell at the third-last at Aintree. It was the second time within a year that Condon had suffered a similar injury. Condon has been advised to retire after seeing a specialist on Wednesday.
Ride Like The Wind is one of 34 colts which remain in the 2,000 Guineas. French trainer Freddy Head likens the horse to last year's fifth-placed runner Charm Spirit. Charm Spirit landed three Group One races in 2014. Gleneagles and Highland Reel lead the entries for the prestigious Classic.
Jenson Button's McLaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the Bahrain International Circuit. The car was recovered but his mechanics failed to fix the fault until just before the start of FP2, in which three laps in he had to stop out on track as a safety precaution for the engine. Button ultimately finished down in 19th place, sandwiched between Manor duo Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi.
Robbie McNamara broke eight ribs and cracked six vertebrae in a fall at Wexford. The jockey was due to partner Lord Windermere in the Crabbie's Grand National at Aintree. McNamara says he is feeling 'great and optimistic' as he continues to recover.
AP McCoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at Sandown on Saturday. The soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire at the racecourse. McCoy's boss, JP McManus, has Jonjo O'Neill-trained Box Office in the race. John Ferguson-trained Aqalim looks another prospective mount for McCoy.
AP McCoy will be presented with his final champion jockeys trophy on Saturday. Ian Wright will present the trophy to McCoy at Sandown in his final appearance. Wright played for Arsenal for seven seasons and broke every scoring record in the book. McCoy has been invited to attend a home game before the end of the season. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Northampton face Saracens in the top-of-the-table clash on Saturday. Saints lost to Clermont in the Champions Cup quarter-finals and Exeter in the semi-finals. Harlequins face Sale Sharks at the AJ Bell Stadium on Saturday afternoon. Ugo Monye is hanging up his boots at the end of the season.
Jack Cosgrove has agreed to join Edinburgh next season on a two-year deal. The 20-year-old Worcester Warriors prop has been capped nine times for the Dark Blues Under 20s side. Edinburgh reached the European Cup final by beating Newport Gwent Dragons.
Ulster's Michael Allen will join Edinburgh at the end of the season. The 24-year-old joins Alan Solomons' side on a two-year deal which takes him through to May 2017. Allen admits his move from Belfast to the Scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone.
Mariano Galarza played for Gloucester against Sale Sharks last month. The Aviva Premiership side now face the prospect of having points deducted for the misdemeanour. Galarza was selected among Gloucester's replacements for a game that they lost 23-6 at the A J Bell Stadium.
Saracens No 8 Billy Vunipola and Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage shortlisted. Clermont full back Nick Abendanon also shortlisted for European Player of the Year award. English trio are joined on the shortlist by Leinster's Jamie Heaslip and Clermont's Fritz Lee.
Davy McGregor was hurt after being caught by an opponent's hip or shorts. The hooker was playing for Heriot's Racing Club against the Barbarians. Barbarians won the clash 97-31 to celebrate 125th anniversary of both sides being formed. McGregor confirmed he was on his way to a plastic surgeon to try and save his ear.
Manu Tuilagi has been out of action since October with a groin injury. The Leicester Tigers centre has missed the autumn internationals and the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign. Tuilagi is hoping to be back in time for England's pre-World Cup preparations.
Mike Brown was knocked out in the 13th minute of England's RBS 6 Nations match against Italy in February. The 29-year-old has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after the injury. Harlequins director of rugby Conor O'Shea has ruled the full back out of Saturday's match against Sale and he is not expected to face Bath the following week. Brown's last chance to feature before the end of the season will be in the final-round fixture against Newcastle.
Mike Fitzgerald has helped the Chiefs win two Super Rugby titles in New Zealand. The 28-year-old will follow Waratahs wing Peter Betham to Welford Road next season. Leicester director Richard Cockerill says he will be a 'good addition to our group of locks'
Toulon fly half Matt Giteau has not played for Australia since the 2011 World Cup. The 32-year-old was left out of the squad for the New Zealand tournament. Giteau is eligible to play for the Wallabies again if he has 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home. England and Wales are facing a new World Cup threat after Australia performed a U-turn. Australia will pick 'elite' players based abroad - providing they have 60 caps.
Andy Farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the World Cup coming up in England. Stuart Lancaster's side begin their campaign against Fiji at Twickenham on September 18. Farrell says England are in a great place ahead of the tournament. England assistant coach says Stuart Lancaster has some tough decisions to make in terms of selection.
Players with 60 caps will be eligible to play for Australia again. Players based abroad will become eligible if they commit to playing Super Rugby in Australia for the following two seasons. Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell, who both play for Toulon, as well as flanker George Smith, who also plays in France, would immediately qualify to play at the World Cup. Will Genia, Adam Ashley-Cooper, Nic White, Peter Betham, Sekope Kepu and James Horwill are all off to European clubs for next year.
Joe Root scored 118 not out on day three of the second Test in Grenada. Root's unbeaten 118 came with England posting a lead of 74 runs at the end of day three. The score of 373 for six at stumps was put together by captain Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott. Gary Ballance's 77 boosted his 165-run partnership with Root, who is unbeaten on 118.
Joe Root scored his sixth Test century and first overseas ton for England on day three of the second Test against the West Indies in Grenada. England ended the day on 373 for six, a lead of 74, and will hope to put pressure on West Indies on the final day. Alastair Cook has gone 34 innings and 697 days without a Test ton. Moeen Ali and Ben Stokes were the only wickets to fall on the last day of the first Test.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed in Windies' first innings of second Test. Samuels scored 103 not out and gave Stokes a salute as he left the field. Geoffrey Boycott said the gesture was 'banter' and 'fun' England closed on 373 for six at stumps on day three of the second Test against Windies.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott are the sixth English pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions. Their opening-stand century was Englands first in Test cricket for more than two years. West Indies bowler Shannon Gabriel picked up where he left off after reaching 93mph on Wednesday. Jermaine Blackwood was twice hit in the body by Cook shots.
Stuart Broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 on day two of the second Test in Grenada. West Indies were bowled out for 299 with a defiant last wicket stand of 52 from Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel. Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott guided England to 74 without loss at stumps.
Australia's World Cup-winning batsman Aaron Finch has had surgery on his hamstring. The 28-year-old was injured while playing for Mumbai Indians in the IPL. Finch has never played Test cricket and was not included in the Australia squad for June's series in West Indies.
Alastair Cook passed Alec Stewart's 8,463 runs to become England's second highest Test run-scorer. West Indies' last pair of Devendra Bishoo and Shannon Gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by Stuart Broad. Broad bowled beyond 90mph for the first time since returning from surgery while claiming three wickets for 19 when rain finally relented.
Zara Phillips had been due to make her debut at Rolex Kentucky three-day event. Phillips won silver at London 2012 and 2014 World Equestrian Games on High Kingdom. The Queen's granddaughter was due to compete in the Kentucky competition. High Kingdom suffered a cut leg while being tacked up in his stable ahead of the evening test.
Kawhi Leonard scored 32 points as San Antonio Spurs beat Los Angeles Clippers 100-73. Spurs take 2-1 lead in first-round series after win in Los Angeles on Friday. Houston Rockets beat Dallas 130-128 to take 3-0 lead in all-Texan NBA playoff series. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 106-99 to go ahead 3-1 in series against Toronto.
Graeme Swann reveals exact moment Alastair Cook's form took a turn for the worse. Yorkshire all-rounder Adil Rashid will have to wait to make his Test debut. Marlon Samuels has no 50s in five Tests against England at a paltry average of 19.75. Joe Root 'wasn't a massive fan' of now-England team-mate James Anderson.
Ben Stokes and Marlon Samuels clashed repeatedly on day one of the second Test. Samuels is 94 not out after West Indies toiled to 188 for five at stumps. Stokes had earlier twisted his hip on the greasy outfield and had lengthy treatment. Australian umpire Steve Davis had to step in to calm down the pair.
Movistar rider Alejandro Valverde sprinted to victory in Belgium's Fleche Wallonne. Valverde finished ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini. Team Sky's Chris Froome finished back in 123rd after a fall in the closing stages. Former winner Philippe Gilbert pulled out after a crash 50 kilometres from the end.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Craig Steadman 10-3 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship at The Crucible. The 39-year-old had trouble with his shoes during the session on Tuesday afternoon. O'Sullivan was seen playing in socks and could have faced a small fine for breach of dress code. But tournament officials decided there was no case of a breach to answer.
Reanne Evans saw her 10-year reign as women's world snooker champion end on Tuesday. The 29-year-old from Dudley earlier this month lost narrowly to Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying for the Crucible-staged Betfred World Championship. She suffered a fresh blow as she relinquished her WLBSA World Ladies title.
Michael van Gerwen beat James Wade 7-0 to book place in May's play-offs. Gary Anderson lost 7-1 to Stephen Bunting in the opening match of the Betway Premier League. Raymond van Barneveld came from behind to defeat Dave Chisnall 7-5. Phil Taylor drew 6-6 with Adrian Lewis in a thrilling contest.
All five of the series that have played two games now stand at 2-0 in the NBA first-round. Washington Wizards beat Toronto Raptors 117-106 in Toronto to move ahead in series. LeBron James scored 30 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 99-91. Houston Rockets beat Dallas Mavericks 111-99 to move into 2-1 lead in their series.
Judd Trump beat Stuart Carrington 10-6 in the first round of the World Championship. The 25-year-old led 7-2 from Wednesday but was made to battle by the Grimsby potter. Trump will now face Marco Fu in the second round in Sheffield. Mark Selby beat Anthony McGill 4-4 in his second round match on Thursday.
Paula Radcliffe said she 'was close to pulling out' of the London Marathon. But celebrity doctor Hans-Wilhelm Muller-Wohlfahrt has made sure she will race on Sunday. The German has worked with the likes of Ronaldo, Michael Owen and Usain Bolt. Radcliffe's world record time of 2:15:25 still stands 12 years after she ran it in 2003.
Ding Junhui was on for a maxumumum break of 147 at the world snooker championships. The Chinese world No 3 screwed back for the blue instead of the black. Ding would have pocketed £30,000 for a maximum break, which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 91-82 to take 2-0 lead in play-off series. Jimmy Butler scored 31 points for the second straight game with 31 points. Derrick Rose scored all of his 15 points in the second half after dominating in the first game. Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 97-87 in Oakland to take lead in series.
Golden State Warriors beat New Orleans Pelicans 123-119 in overtime. Stephen Curry scored 40 points, including a late 3-pointer in the final seconds of regulation. Curry hit seven 3s in all, including one to start overtime that gave the Warriors the lead for good. Chicago Bulls beat Milwaukee Bucks 113-106 in double overtime to take 3-0 series lead. LeBron James scored 31 points as Cleveland Cavaliers beat Boston Celtics 103-95.
The August 1 encounter will feature a Team Africa vs Team World format. Chris Paul will captain Team World, while Luol Deng will lead out Team Africa. More than 35 players from Africa have played in the NBA since 1984. NBA Cares has built 38 places to live, learn or play on the continent.
The 2010 champion rattled in an opening break of 133 as he reeled off the three frames required to turn a 7-2 lead into a 10-2 victory over Welshman Jamie Jones. Barry Hawkins found himself the reluctant star of another Crucible epic after clinging on to beat qualifier Matthew Selt in a final-frame decider. Ding Junhui lost the first four frames of his first-round match against veteran Mark Davis.
Cesc Fabregas returns to Arsenal to face Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday. Arsene Wenger wants the Spaniard to be given a good reception by fans. Fabregas left the Gunners for Chelsea in a £30million deal during the summer transfer window. Wenger wants'respect' for the club's former players and counts him as a man who deserves it.
Gabriel Agbonlahor missed Aston Villa's FA Cup semi-final win against Liverpool because of a troublesome hamstring injury. The Villa striker took to Instagram to show off his fight for full fitness as he posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer. Tim Sherwood's side face a tricky trip to Manchester City on Saturday.
Just nine points separates the bottom seven teams in the Premier League. QPR boss Chris Ramsey believes his side will avoid relegation if they win three more games. Tim Sherwood believes his appointment at Aston Villa has given them a lot of belief. Sean Dyche insists Burnley aren't scared of relegation despite being written off. Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson hopes his side can continue their momentum.
Former Everton chairman Sir Philip Carter has died aged 87. Carter also served as president of the Football League and a vice-president of the FA. Under his stewardship, the club won two league titles, an FA Cup and the European Cup Winners' Cup, which is still the Toffees' only piece of continental silverware.
Burnley lost 1-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon. Danny Ings hasn't scored for the Clarets since February 11. Burnley manager Sean Dyche has called on the rest of his team-mates to score. Ings has been strongly linked with a move to Manchester United or Liverpool.
Roberto Martinez wants to get the most out of Aaron Lennon's loan spell at Everton. Tottenham winger has been one of the Toffees' most impressive players this season. Lennon has four games remaining on loan at Goodison Park from Tottenham. Martinez said discussions about Lennon's future will come at the end of the season.
Kevin Mirallas has been linked with a move away from Goodison Park. Roberto Martinez admits to not knowing what the future holds for Belgian star. Toffees host Manchester United in Sunday's Premier League clash at 1.30pm. Martinez hopes Everton can commemorate the life of Sir Philip Carter with a win.
Leroy Fer has not played since injuring his knee against Sunderland in February. The Dutch midfielder has struggled for form and fitness since arriving from Norwich. QPR manager Chris Ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on the 25-year-old. Fer could be in the squad for Saturday's London derby against West Ham.
Steve McClaren has been linked with the Newcastle job since Alan Pardew's departure. The Rams boss is understood to be one of two people on the short list for the head coach role at St James' Park next season. John Carver is the current incumbent in the Newcastle hotseat having replaced Pardews. McClaren insists his sole focus is steering Derby to promotion at the end of the season.
Hull City lost 2-0 to Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday. The Tigers are just two points clear of the relegation zone. Steve Bruce is confident he can keep his side in the Premier League. Hull face Liverpool, Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United. Click here for more Hull City news.
Alan Pardew says he would sell Yannick Bolasie for £40m to £60m. The Crystal Palace boss says his players are undervalued in the Premier League. Bolasie has been in fine form in recent weeks and is attracting interest from Liverpool. Pardew believes selling one star for big money can rejuvenate an entire squad.
John Carver has called for a solution to the protests against the club. Newcastle fans are planning a mass protest against owner Mike Ashley on Saturday. The supporters' group AshleyOut.com are encouraging supporters to Stand Up To Ashley when Swansea visit St James Park on Saturday afternoon. At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Tottenham Hotspur.
Esteban Cambiasso signed a one-year deal with Leicester City last summer. The 34-year-old midfielder has been one of the Foxes' best players this season. Cambiasso has been linked with Delhi Dynamos in India's new I-League. Leicester are currently 18th in the Premier League and face Burnley on Saturday.
Thibaut Verlinden is a highly regarded member of Belgium's U16 squad. The 15-year-old midfielder has also had trials with Liverpool and Everton. Club Brugge and Anderlecht have also expressed an interest. Stoke manager Mark Hughes has also persuaded Barcelona's Mohamed El Ouriachi to join this summer.
Romelu Lukaku is Everton's top scorer this season with 18 goals. The 21-year-old was speaking at a Kick It Out session at a school in Liverpool. Lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner Arouna Kone, who allows him to score more goals.
Southampton fans plan to turn St Mary's orange to show support for Ronald Koeman. They have not forgiven Mauricio Pochettino for leaving for Tottenham last year. The Argentine is returning to St Marys for the first time since he signed a five-year deal at Spurs last May. Koeman has made shrewd signings to replace those departed and guided the team to challenge for a place in Europe.
Queens Park Rangers face West Ham, Liverpool, Manchester City, Newcastle and Leicester in the final five Premier League games of the season. Chris Ramsey's side are currently in the relegation zone with 28 points. The QPR boss believes his side will stay up with three wins from those five games. Ramsey wants his side to improve their defensive performances.
Eden Hazard leads the way this weekend, having powered Chelsea to a vital, narrow win against Manchester United. Seamus Coleman was key to Everton's win over Burnley, laying on the only goal of the game for Kevin Mirallas and helping to keep a clean sheet. Craig Gardner's beautiful 30-yard curler sealed victory for West Brom away at Crystal Palace. Yannick Bolasie was not as successful this week as he was last week but still a threat to West Brom.
Jack Butland has revealed he voted for Tottenham striker Harry Kane to win PFA Young Player of the Year. Butland wants to emulate Iker Casillas by leading England Under 21s to European Championship glory. The 22-year-old is bidding to be the first England captain to lift the tournament since Dave Sexton's team won the trophy in 1984. Kane has declared he wants to play in the tournament in the Czech Republic.
Brendan Rodgers insists he is the right man to guide Liverpool to success. The Liverpool manager is under pressure following the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Aston Villa. But Rodgers has been boosted by the news that Jordan Henderson has committed his future to the club. Henderson has signed a new five-year contract at Anfield worth over £100,000 a week.
Swansea City have revived their interest in Blackburn Rovers striker Rudy Gestede. Gestede has scored 20 goals this season and Rovers value him at £7million. Club scouts have also checked on Aleksandar Mitrovic and Obbi Oulare. An offer has been made to Marseille's Andre Ayew also but he remains a target.
There are just four points separating the bottom five in the Premier League. Leicester, Burnley and QPR would all return to the top flight. But Hull and Sunderland are teetering on the brink of relegation. Can any of the bottom three climb to safety?
Sebastien Pocognoli says he's baffled by Tony Pulis' decision to drop him. Belgian defender was an important player under Alan Irvine but has fallen out of favour. Pocognoli insists he doesn't want to cause trouble but may be forced to consider his future.
Stoke City beat Southampton 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Mame Diouf and substitute Charlie Adam scored in the comeback. Asmir Begovic has attracted interest from Real Madrid and Manchester City. Stoke boss Mark Hughes is keen to keep the highly-rated goalkeeper at the club.
Leonardo Ulloa opened the scoring for Leicester City in the 15th minute with a header from Wes Morgan's knock down. Andrej Kramaric was left out of the starting line-up in favour of David Nugent, who was injured in the warm-up. Leicester moved off the bottom of the Premier League for the first time since November. Nigel Pearson's side have now won three games in a row in all competitions. Esteban Cambiasso was named man of the match for his performance for Leicester.
Celtic are eight points ahead of second place Abderdeen and could win the title. Aberdeen face their nearest challengers on May 11 at Pittodrie. Adam Rooney does not want to see Celtic win the league on their patch. The 27-year-old striker has netted 27 times this season.
Harry Kane scored his 30th goal of the season in Tottenham's 3-1 win at Newcastle. The 21-year-old tops this week's EA Sports' Performance Index rankings. Kane is also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year award. Eden Hazard, Christian Eriksen and Nacer Chadli also feature in the top 10.
West Ham's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the Olympic Stadium next season. The cheapest season ticket at Upton Park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from 2016-17. West Ham vice-chairman Karren Brady announced the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing as the move is being offset against increased television revenue. Manager Sam Allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any club.
Andre Blackman stole a jacket worth more than £1,000 from Harrods. The 24-year-old now plays for doomed Championship side Blackpool FC. Blackman has been told he is surplus to requirements by Tangerines boss Lee Clark. He was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work at Hammersmith Magistrates' Court.
West Brom host Liverpool on Saturday in the Premier League. The Baggies are eight points above the relegation zone after beating Crystal Palace 2-0. Tony Pulis' side also face Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal in their final five games. Baggies boss believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams.
Harry Kane is nominated for both the PFA Player and Young Player of the Year awards. The Tottenham striker is up against Eden Hazard and Alexis Sanchez for the top prize. A new video shows some of Kane's best goals and celebrations from the season. Kane scored his 20th Premier League goal against Newcastle on Saturday.
Former Celtic striker Chris Sutton has branded Alan Muir 'idiotic' for failing to see a handball by Inverness defender Josh Meekings in Sunday's Scottish Cup semi-final. Meekings is now fighting a ban from the Scottish Cup Final following a Notice of Complaint from the SFA compliance officer. Sutton infamously triggered a huge row in 2003 when he accused Dunfermline of 'lying down' to Rangers to pip Celtic to the title on the final day.
Josh Meekings handled a goal-bound header from Celtic's Leigh Griffiths. Inverness went on to beat Celtic 3-2 after extra-time in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic wrote to the SFA to seek 'clarification' on the reasons for referee Steven McLean and his four assistants missing the first-half incident. Meekings will argue his case at an SFA tribunal tomorrow.
Celtic lost 2-2 at home to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final second leg. Virgil van Dijk gave Celtic the lead before Greg Tansey equalised from the spot. Josh Meekings was sent off for a handball but referee Alan Muir missed it. Craig Gordon was also sent off in the second half for a foul on Marley Watkins. The incident led to an extra-time penalty which was awarded to the hosts. Inverness went on to win the game 2-1 after extra time.
Rangers legend John Brown says Celtic have a case of'sour grapes' about their Scottish Cup exit. Brown was part of the Ibrox side which contested an Old Firm Scottish Cup final in 1989. He was involved in a touchline tussle with Roy Aitken that saw the Celtic skipper seize the ball and take a throw-in that should have gone the other way. Celtic have written to the SFA seeking 'to understand' how the match officials failed to spot the hand Josh Meekings used to block a Leigh Griffiths shot in their semi-final
Stuart McCall still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the current campaign. Rangers are currently in the play-off positions in the Scottish Championship. But McCall says he is already working on a dossier of transfer targets for next season. The Ibrox club have expanded their scouting network after a haphazard system.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Josh Meekings stopped Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound shot with his outstretched hand. John Hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while playing for Celtic in 2003. Hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice.
Mike Ashley owns an 8.92 per cent stake in Rangers. Newcastle United owner has secured a £5million loan from Sports Direct. Paul Murray, John Gilligan and Dave King ousted Derek Llambias and Barry Leach from the Ibrox board on March 6.
Walter Smith worked closely with Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall at Rangers. McCoist was axed as manager in December amid speculation surrounding his future. Smith believes both men deserve a chance to prove themselves at a stable club. The Ibrox legend says both deserve to be remembered for what they did at Rangers prior to the financial tsunami which plunged the club over a fiscal cliff.
Tim Sherwood insists Aston Villa are prepared for their final fight to stay up. Villa are four points above the relegation zone with five games to play. They face Manchester City in the Premier League on Saturday. Sherwood could have Gabriel Agbonlahor back from a hamstring injury. Philippe Senderos and Aly Cissokho could also be available again.
Isco has been one of Real Madrid's best players this season. But the Spaniard has seen his place in the starting line-up come under threat recently. James Rodriguez's return to fitness saw him drop to the Bernabeu bench. Isco returned to the starting XI for the Champions League semi-final, but only due to injuries.
Ally McCoist will be welcomed back to Ibrox 'with open arms', says John Brown. McCoist was axed as manager of Rangers in December after relations with the old board crumbled. The club's record scorer has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his surprise appearance at last month's general meeting to see the board swept out of power.
Bacary Sagna left Arsenal for Manchester City when his contract expired. The France international has played only 16 times for City this season. Sagna left the Gunners on the back of winning the FA Cup with the club. But the 32-year-old insists he would make the same decision again if he was faced with the same choice. City are fourth in the Premier League and Arsenal are second in the table.
Arsene Wenger has failed to win in 12 games against Jose Mourinho. The Arsenal boss has drawn five and lost seven of his clashes with the Chelsea boss. Wenger and Mourinho rowed on the touchline in October's 2-0 win for Chelsea. Cesc Fabregas will be wearing Chelsea blue for the first time at the Emirates. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Floyd Mayweather is using a cryotherapy bath after training. The bath is cooled to -175F (-115C) using liquid nitrogen. Mayweather was the first person to use the bath in SubZero Recovery in Las Vegas. He spends up to three minutes in the chamber to aid his recovery.
Mauricio Pochettino has blamed Tottenham's lunchtime lethargy this season on the Europa League campaign. Of 10 Barclays Premier League matches kicking off at 12.00, 12.45 or 1.30, Spurs have won two - against QPR last August and Arsenal in February. Six of the matches followed Europa League games on Thursday nights, and Spurs lost four of those and drew the other two. Pochettino's side play his former club Southampton at St Mary's on Saturday.
Pep Guardiola is yet to commit his future to Bayern Munich. The Spaniard's contract expires at the end of the 2016-16 season. Borussia Monchengladbach boss Lucien Favre is currently fourth in the Bundesliga standings. Former Bayern boss Ottmar Hitzfeld believes Favre should replace Guardiola.
Pep Guardiola will see out his three-year contract with Bayern Munich, claims club CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. The Spaniard has been linked with a move to Premier League champions Manchester City. Bayern could win the Bundesliga title this weekend and take on Borussia Dortmund in the German Cup final before Champions League semi-final next month.
Real Madrid face Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals on June 6. Barcelona beat PSG 5-1 on aggregate to reach the last four of the competition. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi will go head-to-head for the biggest prize of all. Pep Guardiola could come up against his former club after guiding Bayern Munich to the final. Real Madrid vs Barca would bring a defining chapter to a myriad narratives.
Walter Smith hopes Rangers can put down the circus tent and become a football club once more. Dave King, the chairman-elect, has still to obtain the SFA clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom. Details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come. The Championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the Somme.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Pacquiao held an open workout at the Wild Card gym in Hollywood on Wednesday. The Filipino star opened up about his journey from poverty in the Philippines to the richest bout in boxing history. He says he wants to speak to Mayweather about the Gospel of the Lord and how we are stewards of God's blessing and should use it for good.
Floyd Mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go before he meets Manny Pacquiao. Mayweather was photographed taking the scales for the WBCs mandatory weight check 30 days before a world title fight. The electronic machine showed Mayweather at 150.5 lbs. There was a modicum of surplus fat at the sides of his waist.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Celebrity lawyer Robert Shapiro gave Pacman a speed ball with Mayweather's face on it. Shapiro is most famed for representing OJ Simpson in 1995. The Filipino looked sharp as he shadow boxed with trainer Freddie Roach on Tuesday. Click here for all the latest boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr and Manny Pacquiao will meet in the richest-ever boxing fight on May 2. Mayweather will earn upwards of $180m, while his opponent will earn more than $100m. Heavy security guarded the Mayweather Boxing Club for his media day on Tuesday. Cameras from more than 30 television stations, scores of journalists and his usual crew of friends and admirers await and eventually witness a nominal workout in that overcrowded room.
Floyd Mayweather Jnr took to the pool on Sunday ahead of mega-fight with Manny Pacquiao. Mayweather Jnr completed a few lengths in the pool as his trainer looked on. The 38-year-old boxer also tested his muscles against the resistance of the water. Both boxers meet in Las Vegas on May 2 in what is expected to be the richest fight in boxing history.
Floyd Mayweather's fight against Manny Pacquiao will cost US viewers $89.95 (£60.70) HBO and Showtime confirmed the recommended prices for the May 2 battle as the most expensive in pay-per-view boxing history. Sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on British shores, and it will be shown on Sky Box Office at a cost of £19.95.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet in a £160million mega-fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather releases pictures of him appearing to hang a weight from his head. Pacquiao meets actor Mark Wahlberg, who visited the Filipino at training. The 36-year-old says he has not backed off the intensity of his regime.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium (Saturday 12.45pm kick-off) Gunners forward Danny Welbeck is a doubt with a knee injury picked up on international duty with England. Daniel Sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face Arsenal. Martin Skrtel and Steven Gerrard begin three-match suspensions with Dejan Lovren favourite to replace them. Liverpool have won just one of their last 18 away games in all competitions against Arsenal.
UEFA announced the draw for the Europa League semi-final draw on Friday morning. Holders Sevilla will take on Fiorentina for a place in this season's final. Rafael Benitez's Napoli will face Ukrainian side Dnipro in the other tie. The final will take place in Warsaw on May 27.
Burnley host Tottenham Hotspur at Turf Moor (Sunday, 1.30pm) Stephen Ward should be back in contention for Burnley after overcoming an ankle injury. Hugo Lloris will miss Tottenham's clash with Burnley due to a knee injury for Spurs. Danny Rose will also be assessed after returning from an England call-up. Tottenham havent lost back to back Premier League away games since March 2014. Burnley have scored just 14 goals in 15 Premier League home games this season.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. Manuel Pellegrini replaced Roberto Mancini as Manchester City manager in 2013. City's director of football Txiki Begiristain met Klopp to assess him for the job. The club went on to appoint Pellegini, who is now fourth in the Premier League. Pep Guardiola remains the favourite to take over at the Etihad Stadium.
Sam Allardyce is not the man to lead West Ham into their new adventure at the Olympic Stadium. Rafael Benitez could return to English football after leaving Napoli. The Hammers are currently bottom of the Premier League table. Allardyce's reputation is that of a man who guarantees survival, but since Christmas West Ham have been playing relegation football.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Iyanna Mayweather has been spending time in her father's training camp. She says she is amazed by her dad's work ethic in the gym. The Money Man's daughter also says she has never seen anyone jump rope like her dad.
Floyd Mayweather takes to his Shots account to post a picture of his private jet. The 38-year-old is preparing for the most expensive fight in boxing history. Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2 in a unification bout. Muhammad Ali's daughter says her father'really likes' Filipino Pacquio. Click here for more boxing news.
Jurgen Klopp will leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season. The German has been linked with a number of top clubs including Arsenal. Nigel Winterburn says the Gunners should keep faith with Arsene Wenger. Wenger has two years left on his contract at the Emirates Stadium. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Thomas Tuchel will replace Jurgen Klopp as Borussia Dortmund manager in July. Klopp announced he is leaving the club at the end of the season after seven years. Tuchel is currently seeing out the final year of his contract at Mainz. The 41-year-old was linked with a move to Newcastle United in January.
Usain Bolt visited a gym at the base of Rio de Janeiro's Mangueira favela. The Jamaican sprinter took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three. Bolt is in Rio to promote an event over the weekend and admitted that the 2016 Olympic games in Rio will be his last.
Kenya's athletics federation has suspended the agents of Dennis Kimetto and other top stars. Athletics Kenya president Isaiah Kiplagat announced the decision Monday to suspend two management companies, the Netherlands' Volare Sports and Italy's Rosa & Associati. Kenyan authorities have previously blamed the rise in doping on the influence of foreign agents.
Usain Bolt wants to smash his own 200-metre world record by running the distance in under 19 seconds. The Jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 World Championships in Berlin. Bolt is currently in Rio de Janeiro, acclimatising ahead of next year's Olympic Games. He will compete in the 'Mano a Mano' 100-metres challenge on Sunday.
Red is the overwhelming colour across the Football League in terms of the party that governs clubs' constituencies. If the general election were confined to voting by football fans, it looks like Labour might win by a landslide. At the top table, 18 of the 20 Premier League grounds are in constituencies held by Labour. Only Chelsea, who voted Tory, and Burnley, where Lib Dems hold sway, are any different. Overall, Ed Milibands party has MPs in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in England's top four divisions.
Matt Derbyshire put Rotherham in front after four minutes. Ross McCormack equalised for Fulham in the 67th minute. Kit Symons admits his side need to rebuild in the summer. Rotherham still await fate after fielding an ineligible player against Brighton.
Tiger Woods suffered a bizarre injury on the ninth hole at the Masters on Sunday. The four-time Masters champion drilled his club into a tree root. Woods managed to shake off the injury to finish the competition at 5-under-par. 21-year-old Jordan Spieth won the Masters for the first time in 39 years.
Rotherham played Derby defender Farrend Rawson in their 1-0 win over Brighton. His youth loan had expired and paperwork over an extension was not dealt with correctly. The Millers have had to endure a nervy wait to discover their fate after the Football League said a disciplinary panel would hear the case at 'the earliest opportunity' The three-man panel is finally set to meet on Thursday, with Evans expecting news of his club's fate in the next 24 hours.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 on aggregate in Champions League. Carlo Ancelotti's side could face Barcelona, Juventus or Bayern Munich in semi-finals. Raphael Varane uploaded video of Real's entrance to Santiago Bernabeu on Twitter. Fans mobbed the team coach and banged on the windows in support and anticipation.
Paris Saint-Germain were knocked out of the Champions League by Barcelona. Laurent Blanc's side lost 2-0 at the Nou Camp and 3-1 at the Parc des Princes. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Verratti were unable to influence the game. David Luiz was at fault on four of the five goals PSG conceded over the two legs. CLICK HERE for all the latest PSG news.
Newcastle United have lost their last six Premier League games under caretaker boss John Carver. Supporters' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of Saturday's match. At least 10,000 supporters stayed away from St James' Park for the club's last home game against Tottenham Hotspur. Swansea are unbeaten on their three Premier League visits to Newcastle, winning twice and drawing once.
Joe Launchbury has been out since October with a nerve problem in his neck. Wasps lock hopeful of making comeback against Leicester Tigers on May 9. The 24-year-old has been sidelined since October due to a bulging disc problem. Launchbury's potential return vs Leicester would be his debut at the club's new home at the Ricoh Arena.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season. Manchester City, PSG and Real Madrid are all considering managerial changes. Benitez has won 12 trophies since 2002 with Valencia, Liverpool, Inter Milan, Chelsea and Napoli. Napoli beat Wolfsburg 4-1 in the Europa League quarter final last night.
Yaya Toure's agent Dimitri Seluk wants to talk to Manchester City about his future. Toure has two years left on his current contract at the Etihad Stadium. Inter Milan boss Roberto Mancini wants to be reunited with Toure next season. Click here for more Manchester City transfer news.
Jack Wilshere was on the bench for Arsenal's match against Reading. Ray Parlour has backed the 23-year-old to be the future of the club. But the former Gunners midfielder fears his injury record could prevent him reaching his undoubted potential. Wilshere has been out for five months through injury.
Sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each Premier League club is around the globe according to Twitter followers. Arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of Chelsea (5.49m) and Manchester United (4.87m) But one country was missing: China  where the government outlaws Twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media. In Twitters place is a microblogging site called Weibo which has an incredible 27.2m Premier League fans. Manchester clubs are first and second, with Guangzhou Evergrande Ta
Alexis Sanchez has scored 22 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season. The Chilean forward has been nominated for PFA Player of the Year award. Sanchez has singled out fellow attacker Santi Cazorla as a'spectacular player' Arsenal are currently second in the Premier League table with 66 points from 32 games.
Juventus beat Monaco 0-0 at the Stade Louis II on Wednesday night. The result means they progressed 1-0 on aggregate to the Champions League semi-finals. Patrice Evra believes the Italian side played the 'Italian way' in the quarter-final clash. Paul Pogba is likely to miss the semi-final due to a hamstring injury.
Bafetimbi Gomis injured his hamstring in Swansea's 1-1 draw with Everton. The Frenchman will miss league trips to Leicester and Newcastle and the home game with Stoke. Gomis hopes to return for the visit to Arsenal on May 11. He had scored four in his last seven matches after Wilfried Bony's departure.
The Champions League semi-final line-up has been confirmed for this season's competition. Barcelona and Bayern Munich meet in the semi-finals of the Champions League. Real Madrid and Juventus face each other in the other last four tie on Wednesday. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez, Neymar and Co will be hoping to win the competition.
John Peacock has named his squad for next month's UEFA European Under-17 Championship in Bulgaria. The Young Lions are the defending champions, having beaten Holland on penalties in the final last year. They have been placed in Group D alongside Holland, Italy and the Republic of Ireland this time around.
Hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster. Police have released images of fans who were pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others at the tragedy which claimed 96 lives. Officers say the 'unusual' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims' families. Images are 26 years old but police believe they may help track down key witnesses.
Jordan Spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory. He became the championship's second-youngest winner of all time. Spieth was runner-up in the Texas Open and lost in a playoff at the Houston Open. Justin Rose praised Spieth's put on the 16th that he missed to set him on his way.
Jordan Henderson has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool. The 24-year-old midfielder put pen to paper on a deal worth more than £100,000 per week. Hendersons current terms had 12 months to run but leaving Merseyside was never an option. Brendan Rodgers will consider Henderson for the role of club captain after Steven Gerrard leaves.
Marcus Bettinelli played in Fulham's 1-1 draw against Rotherham United on Wednesday. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was in the crowd at Craven Cottage to watch him play. Bettinelli could provide back-up for Thibaut Courtois and Petr Cech in the summer. The 22-year-old is the son of Fulham academy goalkeeping coach Vic Bettinelli.
Bayern Munich host Porto in the Champions League on Tuesday. Pep Guardiola's side lost 3-1 to the Portuguese side in the first leg last week. Bayern are 12 points clear in the Bundesliga and in the German Cup semi-final. Franck Ribery is set to miss the game because of an ankle injury. Bastian Schweinsteiger trained with Bayern on Monday in a bid to prove his fitness.
Gareth Bale has not started eight of Real Madrid's 50 matches this season. The Welshman has been sidelined through injury and omission. Real have won every single game he has missed, scoring 25 goals and conceding just one. Bale has received criticism from some sections of the Bernabeu support. CLICK HERE for all the latest Real Madrid news.
Thiago Alcantara starred in Bayern Munich's 6-1 win over Porto on Wednesday. David Moyes had no realistic chance of signing the Spaniard after Pep Guardiola made it clear he needed him. United's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout Moyes' time at the club. There are few players in the world who can pass like Thiago. He is a global footballer for the 21st century, born in Italy and raised in Spain.
Southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the Premier League in terms of performance compared with wages paid to players. Chelsea are also over-achieving with a wage bill of £192.7m. Manchester United (£215.8m) and Manchester City (£205m) are the two biggest payers. Bottom-club Burnley's wage bill is just £21.5m including £6m in promotion bonuses. QPR's salary bill was almost twice what the club earned in total last season.
David de Gea has been heavily linked with a move to Real Madrid. Manchester United have been linked with moves for Gareth Bale and Mats Hummels. Phil Neville believes keeping De Gea at the club would be the best move. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Mats Hummels is valued at £35million by German side Dortmund. Manchester United have reportedly made a bid of £21.5million for the defender. Dortmund want Real Madrid's Sami Khedira as their new captain next season. Ilkay Gundogan is also a target for United as they look to overhaul their squad.
Radamel Falcao has been on loan at Manchester United from Monaco this season. The striker has scored just four league goals for the Red Devils so far. But chief executive Ed Woodward spoke to Monaco president Vasim Vasilyev on Sunday. Monaco are willing to negotiate on the transfer fee for the Colombian striker. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Rafael may have played his last game for Manchester United after cracking three ribs. The Brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements and will be sold in the summer. He was hurt by a stray knee from Leicester's Anthony Knockaert on Monday. Luke Tingey and Kyran Wiltshire have been handed trials by the club.
Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip through his grasp in extra-time. The 30-year-old was 'inconsolable' after the FA Cup semi-final defeat to Arsenal. Federici has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates. He has also taken to Twitter to apologise to Reading's fans.
Bayern Munich thrashed Porto 6-1 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola's side have now scored 115 goals in all competitions so far this season. Bayern have five Bundesliga matches to play before the final in Berlin on June 6. If they continue their current rate of 2.61 goals per game, that would mean 141 for the season.
UEFA have published Champions League seeding regulations for next season. Top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending Champions League winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries. On current standings, Arsenal, Atletico Madrid and Porto will drop in status in the August 27 draw. Real Madrid would also drop down if Barcelona wins the Champions League and Spanish league.
Louis van Gaal has been impressed with Michael Carrick's contribution this season. Borussia Dortmund midfielder Ilkay Gundogan is a prime contender to replace Carrick. Jurgen Klopp's impending departure from Dortmund could see a host of players leave the club. Gundogan's existing contract expires at the end of next season.
Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Luis Enrique's side will face either Real Madrid or Bayern Munich in the last four. Neymar is a blend of Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in his skillset. PSG project needs more investment  as long as it's sensible investment. Barcelona are on the cusp of matching Pep Guardiola's treble-winning debut season.
David Luiz was at fault for both goals as PSG crashed out of the Champions League. Roy Keane described the PSG defender as 'lost' following his performance. The ITV pundit said Luiz's performance was 'literally schoolboy stuff' Neymar scored twice as Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 in the quarter-finals on Tuesday night.
Campbell, 40, has listed a luxury penthouse in Chelsea for sale for £6.75million. He bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after staging a sit-in at estate agents. Campbell has previously said he would'ship out' if Labour wins the election. Land Registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty.
West Ham are set to move into the London 2012 showpiece venue for the start of 2016-17 season. Fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to West Ham on Tuesday, when it was suggested the deal may contravene European state aid law. Report suggests the failure of London Mayor Boris Johnson and the London Legacy Development Corporation to obtain prior approval from the European Commission before signing the deal opens up the possibility of challenges from anyone who feels disadvantaged.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola's side raced in to a 5-0 lead before half-time at the Estadio Mineirao. Bayern find out their semi-final opponents on Thursday. Click here for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final. The Gunners forward has scored three goals in his last three matches at Wembley. Sanchez is shortlisted for the PFA Player of the Year award with Chelsea's Eden Hazard the hot favourite. Arsene Wenger's side face Chelsea in their next match at the Emirates on Sunday.
Reading were beaten 2-1 by Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Adam Federici let Alexis Sanchez's shot slip in the sixth minute of extra-time. Steve Clarke has backed his goalkeeper to bounce back against Birmingham. The Royals take on the Blues in the Championship on Wednesday night.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach Champions League semi-finals. Pep Guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the German club. The Bayern coach said winning is a matter of life and death at Bayern. Bayern have been plagued by injuries in recent months and a rare internal strife.
Andres Iniesta had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 La Liga appearances this season. The 30-year-old had been criticised for his lack of form. But Iniesta responded with a vintage first-half performance in Barcelona's 2-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night. Iniesta capped an impressive 45 minutes in his side's Champions League quarter-final second-leg victory.
Four-time winner Higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over Robert Milkins. Higgins fired breaks of 77, 75, 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session. Dott, unseeded this year but a proven Crucible class act and champion in 2006, was  10-8 winner earlier as he ousted Ricky Walden.
Barry Hawkins beat Matthew Selt 10-9 in the first round of the World Snooker Championship. The 2013 finalist led 9-4 but Selt won five frames in a row to launch a comeback. Hawkins will face either Mark Allen or Ryan Day in the second round. Click here for more snooker news.
DeShane Beckford is one of the hottest prospects to emerge from the Caribbean. The 17-year-old was invited to train with West Ham's academy earlier this month. Beckford also has offers from clubs in Belgium. West Ham have revealed season tickets at the Olympic Stadium will cost as little as £289.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight in Las Vegas on May 2. Referee Kenny Bayless will be in charge of the richest fight of all time. Bayless has refereed previous super fights involving Mayweather and Pacqiao. He will receive $25,000 (£16,600) for the night's work in May, while the judges will each receive $20,00 (£13,300)
Jordan Spieth collected £1.23million for winning the Masters. Ian Poulter improved on his previous best Masters finish by shooting a second straight 67 for a share of sixth. Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy were paired together for the first time in the final round of a major. Phil Mickelson opted for an all-black outfit on Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. Veteran referee Kenny Bayless has been named as the third man in the ring. Oscar De La Hoya believes the appointment of Bayless will give Mayweather an advantage. Bayless has overseen five of Mayweather's previous fights, including his pro debut against Roberto Apodaca in 1996.
Andy Murray tied the knot with Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday. Reverend Colin Renwick, led the service, was pictured outside the cathedral just after 3.00pm. The tennis star, who announced his engagement in November last year, wed the knot in the 12th century cathedral. Hundreds of well-wishers gathered on the streets around the cathedral.
Glenn Roeder and Adam Pearson are part of a new managerial team at Sheffield Wednesday. The trio are hoping to return the Owls to the Premier League. Reeder has previously managed at Watford, West Ham and Newcastle. Pearson led Hull City to their first ever promotion to the top flight. Stuart Gray has stabilised the club since taking over from Dave Jones.
Xabi Alonso could become only second player to win Champions League with three teams. Clarence Seedorf won the trophy with Ajax, Real Madrid and AC Milan. Alonso won the Champions League in his first season at Liverpool in 2005. The Spaniard was suspended for Real Madrid's Champions League final victory last year. Thiago Motta could also equal Seedorf's record if he wins Champions League medal with PSG.
There are 23 current and former Premier League players still involved in the Champions League. Seven have Manchester United connections, including Cristiano Ronaldo, Patrice Evra, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Dimitar Berbatov, Gerard Pique, Javier Hernandez and Gareth Bale. Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City have all been knocked out of the competition. Here is a list of the players enjoying life outside English football.
Tim Sherwood was appointed as Aston Villa manager on Valentine's Day. The former Tottenham boss has had an inspired start to his reign at Villa Park. Villa have reached the FA Cup final and face Bournemouth in the final on Saturday. Sportsmail looks at five reasons why Sherwood's reign has been so successful. Fabian Delph signed his new contract before Sherwood arrived and has led by example.
West Ham lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Sam Allardyce was incensed that Eliaquim Mangala was not penalised for a foul on Stewart Downing. Referee Anthony Taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play. Allardyce launched a furious tirade at fourth official Robert Madley on the touchline. The Hammers boss also screamed at the linesman during the defeat.
West Ham have won just once in their last 11 Premier League games. The Hammers lost 2-0 to Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. Carl Jenkinson insists the club are not resting on their laurels. Jenkinson has enjoyed a successful season-long loan spell at Upton Park.
Pep Guardiola is the man Txiki Begiristain would like to install at Manchester City in the summer of 2016. Bayern Munich boss Guardiola is under more scrutiny if they fail to overturn a 3-1 first leg deficit to Porto on Tuesday night. The 44-year-old is facing his first Champions League exit prior to the semi-final stages of his coaching career. Last seasons 5-0 aggregate dismantling at the hands of Real Madrid in the last four raised eyebrows in Bavaria.
Martina Hingis lost 6-4, 6-0 to Agnieszka Radwanska in the Fed Cup on Saturday. It was the 34-year-old's first tour-level singles match since 2007. Hingis was persuaded to play because of injuries in the Switzerland team. The former World No 1 won five grand slam singles titles before her 18th birthday.
Memphis Depay is a target for Manchester United and Liverpool. The 21-year-old has been compared to a young Cristiano Ronaldo by Ronald de Boer. PSV Eindhoven boss Phillip Cocu believes Depay can become as good as Arjen Robben. Liverpool hope to convince Depay that he would get more regular football with them. Click here for more transfer news.
Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final victory over Reading clashed with a top Premier League fixture. FA and Premier League blame each other for the ridiculous clash of fixtures. Luke Shaw enjoyed one of his better games against Chelsea in a season when he rates his own performances as C minus. Kevin Pietersen is the elephant in the room, even at Englands sleepy Sugar Ridge Hotel. Alastair Cook seems unable to get past rumours about an England return for Kevin Pietersen.
Liverpool have been given permission to install a 4.5metre fine mesh privacy screen. The club had grown concerned over team details being leaked prior to matches. Local residents wanted a designated area for fans to be able to watch training. A curtain of fine mesh will now cover at least one pitch at Melwood.
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career will come to an end at Stoke City on May 24. Gerrard's final game at Anfield will be against Crystal Palace on May 16. The 35-year-old is likely to begin his new career with LA Galaxy in mid-July. Liverpool face West Brom, Hull and Queens Park Rangers before facing Chelsea. CLICK HERE for all the latest Liverpool news.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession but were outclassed by Chelsea. The Red Devils are considering a move for Paul Pogba and Mats Hummels. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Eden Hazard has been in superb form for Chelsea this season. The Belgian winger scored the winner against Manchester United on Saturday. Hazard is widely expected to be named PFA Player of the Year on Sunday. Jose Mourinho says Hazard is 'one of the three best players in the world' Click here for Chelsea transfer news.
Brendan Rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave Liverpool this summer. Captain Steven Gerrard has already agreed to join MLS side LA Galaxy. Defender Glen Johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer. Kolo Toure is also considering whether to accept the offer of a new deal. Raheem Sterling is embroiled in a contract stand-off with Manchester City certain to make an offer. Mario Balotellis fellow strikers Fabio Borini and Rickie Lambert could also depart.
Michael Conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his World Series of Boxing bout against José Vicente Azocar in Venezuela on Friday night. The Belfast bantamweight was close to pulling out in frustration at his qualification limbo, and had all but made up his mind to turn professional in the near future. Conlans brother Jamie, himself a promising professional boxer, was just one of the confidantes who contacted him to convince him to fight. Both Conlan and Paddy Barnes won bronze at London 2012, and will now represent Ireland again in Rio.
Amir Khan could face Manny Pacquiao in Abu Dhabi in November or December. Pacquiao is preparing to face Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather will end his lucrative six-fight deal with Showtime in September. Khan has been close to fighting Mayweather for two years but has been denied. The British boxer is a hero of the Muslim world and a huge attraction.
Juventus are monitoring Raheem Sterling's situation at Liverpool. Manchester City, Chelsea, Real Madrid, Paris St Germain and Bayern Munich are all interested. Italian champions want at least £55m for Paul Pogba and have bid for Axel Witsel. Sterling and his advisors have told Liverpool they want to stave off discussions over a new contract until the close season.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph scored to cancel out Philippe Coutinho's opener. Tom Cleverley says Tim Sherwood's style of play is paying off for Aston Villa. Villa face Arsenal in the final on May 30 and are confident they can upset the Gunners.
Frank Lampard should have started more games for Manchester City. Phil Jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty. Tom Cleverley has found a steely edge since Tim Sherwood took charge at Aston Villa. Marc Albrighton is emerging as a key weapon for Leicester in their fight for survival.
David Moyes succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson as Manchester United manager in 2013. Wayne Rooney was heavily linked with a move to Chelsea at the same time. Moyes gave Rooney his professional debut as a 16-year-old at Everton in 2002. The pair had a well-publicised falling out following Rooney's departure in 2004. But Moyes fought hard to retain the United forward's services at Old Trafford.
Manny Pacquiao's shorts will carry sponsorship logos worth $2.25m (£1.5m) when he takes the ring against Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. The richest fight of all time is said to be worth $300m and then some to those involved. Pacquiao is assured more than £50m from the fight. Mayweather's cut is to be in excess of £80m before a range of other means of income are split.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Philippe Coutinho and Christian Benteke scored for the Reds before Fabian Delph struck for Villa. Brendan Rodgers has been criticised for his team's poor form this season. Liverpool have signed just three players in the last two years that have impressed. The club have spent too much money on the wrong players.
Manchester United lost 1-0 to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Wayne Rooney was happy with his side's display despite the loss. Louis van Gaal labelled it their best display of the season so far.
Chelsea travel to Stamford Bridge to face Manchester United on Saturday. Marouane Fellaini has been in fine form for Manchester United in recent weeks. Thibaut Courtois believes Chelsea have a plan to deal with the Belgian midfielder. The 27-year-old has scored in United's last two European Championship qualifiers. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to give the Blues victory. The Belgian has been the best player in the Premier League all season. Hazard is now the player you look to in a crisis, as he has been at QPR and QPR.
Eden Hazard opened the scoring for Chelsea after just four minutes after slotting the ball past David de Gea to open the scoring at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho's side now have just two more games to win the Premier League title and will be crowned champions for the third time in five attempts. Hazard scored his 13th Premier League goal of the season after nutmegging Manchester United goalkeeper De Gea in the first half. Manchester United midfielder Ander Herrera was lucky not to be sent off in the second half for a challenge on Cesc Fabregas.
Eden Hazard's first-half goal gave Chelsea a 1-0 win over Manchester United. Ander Herrera went over under the challenge of Gary Cahill to win a late penalty. Referee Mike Dean adjudged the Spaniard to have dived in stoppage time. Jose Mourinho says the incident will be forgotten because it was not a Chelsea player. Mourinho was angered earlier this season when Sky used the headline 'Diego Costa crimes' in their analysis of Chelseas Capital One Cup semi-final win over Liverpool in January.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game to move Chelsea to within two wins of being crowned champions. Jose Mourinho has warned his players they still have a long way to go to win the title. Chelsea need just two more wins against Arsenal and Leicester to clinch the crown.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Sunday. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea need two wins from their last six games to clinch the title.
Bournemouth drew 2-2 with Sheffield Wednesday at Dean Court on Saturday. The Cherries went from top to third to second to top to second again in the space of one game. Chris Maguire scored an injury time penalty to salvage a point for the Owls. Matt Ritchie and Yann Kermorgant had put Bournemouth 2-1 up in the second half. But Adam Smith gave the visitors the lead from the spot in stoppage time. Watford are top of the Championship with two games to play.
Paul Scholes co-owns Salford City with Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Nicky Butt. Salford are five points clear at the top of the Evo-Stick League First Division North (four tiers below the Football League) with one week to go. Win at home to Ossett Town on Saturday and they are up.
Radamel Falcao started for Manchester United in their 1-0 defeat at Chelsea. The striker hasn't scored or had a shot on target since January 31 against Leicester. He has collected £3,080,000 in wages during that time, including £280,000-a-week wages. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge.
Andres Iniesta made his Barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season. Louis van Gaal was Barca manager at the time of Iniesta's debut. Iniesta has praised Van Gaal for helping him break into the Barca first team. The Spain international also spoke of his treble success with Barca.
Arsenal beat Reading 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final second leg at Wembley. Garath McCleary scored a deflected volley to force extra-time for the Gunners. Steve Clarke will hope the performance will inspire a return to the Premier League. The Reading boss won the 1994 FA Cup with Chelsea in 1994. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
All Premier League clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from 2016-17. Manchester United have decided to implement the salary a year early. Staff at Old Trafford will be paid at least £7.85 an hour - or £9.15 an hour if based in London. Chelsea became the first professional club in England to pay a living wage to all their staff.
Wayne Rooney knows Manchester United will be playing for 'pride' against City. United have lost their last four meetings against their biggest rivals. Rooney is the leading United scorer in derby history with 11 goals. The 29-year-old scored a stunning volley in United's 3-1 win over Aston Villa.
Everton defeated Burnley 1-0 in their Premier League clash at Goodison Park. Kevin Mirallas scored the only goal of the game after 29 minutes after Arouna Kone dummied Seamus Coleman's cross. Ashley Barnes was sent off on the stroke of half-time for two fouls on James McCarthy and Scott Arfield. Ross Barkley missed a penalty in the first half but the visitors had a late chance to equalise from the spot. Everton's on-loan winger Aaron Lennon was brought down in the box by David Jones to win a penalty.
Rotor Volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt. The Russian outfit famously beat Manchester United in the UEFA Cup in 1995. Manchester United drew 0-0 with Rotor in Russia before their elimination from Europe's second tier competition on away goals. In 2005 Rotor lost their professional status but were reformed a year later.
Everton forward Steven Naismith has won the Barclays Spirit of the Game Award. The 28-year-old has worked with Job Centre Plus, Dyslexia Scotland and the Whitechapel Centre in Liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career. Barclays Community Leader Maria Branigan says Naismit has done 'fantastic work within the community' Naismith: 'As a footballer you've got a fantastic opportunity to give something back'
Roberto Martinez says Burnley remind him of his old Wigan side. The Spaniard spent four seasons with the Latics before joining the Toffees. Burnley are two points from safety but Martinez says there is no fear of relegation. Everton face Sean Dyche's side at Goodison Park on Saturday afternoon.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on May 2. The Filipino boxer uploaded a picture of one of the t-shirts to his Instagram account. There are four shirts for sale, three of which cost $29.99 (321) and one priced at $24.99 (£21) Fans can also buy a shirt with both fighters on, in black or white, with an 'M' for Mayweather over a 'P' for Pacquao.
Ross Barkley missed from the spot in Everton's 1-0 win against Burnley. The untried Barkley took the 10th minute kick  awarded for a foul by David Jones on Aaron Lennon  rather than Leighton Baines, who has scored 15 penalties from 16 attempts in the Premier League. Roberto Martinez insisted Barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on Saturday.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the fight have yet to go on sale due to a dispute over allotments. When they are finally put on sale, only a few will be sold at the listed price. The estimated gate for the tickets is already a staggering £48million.
Tim Sherwood will consider selling Christian Benteke if he wants to leave Aston Villa. Benteke has two years left on his contract but has ambitions to play in Europe. Villa are believed to value the 24-year-old at upwards of £25million. The Belgium international has scored eight goals in his last six matches. Click here for Aston Villa transfer news.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open more than 15 months ago. The 21-year-old has been training in Tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month's French Open at Roland Garros. Former British No 1 was pictured sitting in an ice bath after a practice session and shared the picture on social media. Robson's last appearance came in the first round of the Australian Open.
Sky Sports pundits Jamie Redknapp and Thierry Henry face off in studio. Redknapp tries to goad Henry into a reaction but Arsenal legend stays cool. Sky Sports Boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate Manny and Floyd Mayweather finally fighting. Simply film your own and then nominate someone else to do the same.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Steven Gerrard is aiming to end his Anfield career by making the final and beating Arsenal. Martin Skrtel says Steven Gerrard is still one of the best players in the world. The Slovakian defender has praised the impact Gerrard has had at Liverpool. Gerrard will leave Liverpool at the end of the season to join LA Galaxy.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is looking to lead Liverpool to an eighth FA Cup victory. He believes cup glory would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality. Liverpool's last trophy success came in 2012 in the League Cup under Kenny Dalglish. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Stoke sit 17th in the Premier League Fair Play table and are set to miss out on European football next season. Mark Hughes believes Tom Jones' song 'Delilah' is costing Stoke a spot in the Europa League. The Potters have been singing the 1960s hit as their unofficial club anthem since the 1980s. West Ham are top of the table and could earn a Europa League place if they finish top. But Hughes has criticised the competition, which is designed to promote positive behaviour.
Barcelona beat Paris Saint-Germain 3-1 in the Champions League semi-final first leg. Luis Enrique's side face Valencia at the Nou Camp on Saturday in La Liga. Barcelona are five points clear of Real Madrid at the top of the table. Carlo Ancelotti's Real Madrid take on Malaga at the Santiago Bernabeu on Saturday evening. Karim Benzema has been ruled out of Real's clash against Malaga.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 in the Champions League quarter final first leg. Luis Suarez scored twice to put his side firmly in control of the tie. Suarez says he nutmegged David Luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal. The double took his tally to 17 goals for Barca this season and 11 in 11 games.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dimitri Payet have had their suspensions reduced. Ibrahimovic will now miss three games and Payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the French Olympic Committee (CNOSF) PSG striker Ibrahimovic was initially banned for four games by the French Football League (LFP) when he was caught on camera after last month's 3-2 defeat to Bordeaux. Payet then received a two-game sanction after aiming expletives at the closed door of the match officials' dressing room following the goalless draw with Lyon.
Gianni Infantino says there will be no choice but to suspend Greece from international football unless the country's government rescinds proposed new laws. The Greek government have put forward a bill which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence. UEFA and FIFA say that is direct government interference in football. Greece's deputy sports minister Stavros Kontonis says they are not going to back down.
Stephan Lichtsteiner played with Eden Hazard at Lille and Paul Pogba at Juventus. The defender has tipped Kingsley Coman to be the next big thing at the club. Juventus face Monaco in the Champions League quarter-finals on Wednesday night. Click here for more Juventus news.
Gareth Bale is out of Real Madrid's Champions League clash against Atletico. The Wales international injured his calf against Malaga at the weekend. Bale took to Facebook to wish his team-mates good luck on Wednesday afternoon. Carlo Ancelotti could start Isco, Jese and Javier Hernandez in attack in his absence.
Manchester United reserve side drew 1-1 with Leicester at King Power Stadium. Robin van Persie and Jonny Evans both made their debuts after lengthy absences. Harry Panayiotou put Leicester ahead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by Anthony Knockaert. Sean Goss equalised for Louis van Gaal's side in the 32nd minute by scoring past Adam Smith. Rafael was taken off in the 44th minute after sustaining a rib injury during the match. Adnan Januzaj was also taken off with what appeared to be a leg injury after
Leonardo Jardim says Monaco's progress in the Champions League shows you don't need to splash the cash in order to achieve European success. The French club have signed the likes of Radamel Falcao, James Rodriguez and Joao Moutinho in recent seasons. Juventus host Monaco in the quarter-finals of the competition on Wednesday. Jardim is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months as manager.
Diego Simeone believes English clubs need to 'wake up' after poor showing in Europe. Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester City were eliminated at the last 16 stage of the Champions League. Everton were dumped out of the Europa League in the same round. Atletico Madrid take on Real Madrid in Champions League quarter-final second leg on Wednesday night. Carlo Ancelotti's side have home advantage after 0-0 draw at Vicente Calderon last week. Gareth Bale will miss the second leg after picking up injury against Malaga.
Nathaniel Clyne is yet to agree a new contract at Southampton. The Saints are in talks with the England right-back's representatives over an extension. Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool are all interested in signing the 24-year-old. Southampton will look to sell Clyne this summer if he does not sign a new deal.
Everton have expressed an interest in QPR striker Charlie Austin. The Toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer. Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Southampton have also expressed interest. Club Brugge forward Obbi Oulare was watched by Premier League clubs.
Brentford are considering Gianfranco Zola to replace Mark Warburton as manager. The Italian was at Griffin Park on Saturday for the draw against Bolton. Zola was sacked by Cagliari last month after failing to win a game in Serie A. Current Bees boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club at the end of the season. Bees owner Matthew Benham wants to appoint a coach from Europe.
Rob Green has won 12 England caps but made calamitous error in 2010 World Cup. The QPR goalkeeper was unable to retrieve a speculative effort from USA's Clint Dempsey. Sam Allardyce believes Green can rival Joe Hart for England No 1 spot. QPR face his former club West Ham at Loftus Road on Saturday.
Memphis Depay has held talks with Paris St Germain this week. Manchester United and Liverpool are both interested in signing the Holland winger. PSG are understood to have made a significantly better offer than Liverpool. Click here for more transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 2-1 in Champions League clash. Javier Hernandez scored a late winner to send Real Madrid into the next round. Thierry Henry was quick to criticise the way in which Hernandez celebrated his winner. Former Arsenal striker said the on-loan Mexican striker should have thanked Cristiano Ronaldo. Jamie Carragher said Ronaldo would have done the same if it was his late winner.
Luis Suarez admits he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside Lionel Messi and Neymar at Barcelona. Uruguayan striker has scored 19 goals in all competitions for Barcelona this season. Barcelona take a 3-1 lead into Champions League semi-final second leg against PSG on Tuesday. Luis Enrique's side are hoping to reach the last four for the first time in their history.
Thierry Henry was quick to criticise Javier Hernandez's celebration after scoring the winning goal for Real Madrid against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night. The former Arsenal striker took exception to the Mexican striker celebrating 'like he'd won the World Cup' after scoring. Henry said after the match that he owed everything to his team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo. He posted an 84-minute compilation video of former Barcelona midfielder Michael Laudrup's passing.
Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri at the Barclays Center in New York on May 29. Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at London's 02 Arena on Saturday, May 30. Algieri is the reigning world light-welterweight but is taking on Khan at full welterweight. The New Yorker has fought some of the best boxers in the sport.
Manny Pacquiao takes on Floyd Mayweather in the Fight of the Century on May 2. Ricky Hatton says PacMan has the style to beat Mayweather in Las Vegas. The Hitman also says having Freddie Roach in his corner gives PacMan a huge advantage. Hatton expects Mayweather to 'find a way to win' despite being trained by his father, Floyd Snr. Bolton boxer Amir Khan could cause Mayweather problems, according to Hatton.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at the O2 Arena in London on May 30. Brook beat Jo Jo Jo Dan for the IBF World Welterweight title in Sheffield last month. Gavin had been due to face South African Chris van Heerden in Birmingham on May 9. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in a $300 million mega-fight on May 2. The American is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound No 1 in boxing. He believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport. Mayweather also criticised the 'rope-a-dope' tactics adopted by Ali against George Foreman.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao meet in Las Vegas on May 2. The 30-second clip was filmed in a Los Angeles studio on March 11. It shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road. 'It's time. Two legends. One destiny. All roads end here,' the commentary says during the advert.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will go head-to-head in Las Vegas on May 2. The pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago but it fell through. Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach believes his man is better equipped to beat Mayweather now. Roach believes the '2015 model is the more formidable fighter for a few reasons' Mayweather remains the bookmakers' favourite for the $300million mega-fight.
Manny Pacquiao's promoter Bob Arum ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group of leading sportswriters were jamming the lines. Arum has always doubted the worth of mass telephone talk-ins. Floyd Mayweather is due for his final conference call this Wednesday. And still the tickets are not on sale!
Karl Oyston initially had until March 30 to reply to the FA charge. The Seasiders chairman has been the constant target of fan protests over the course of the Seasiders' worst season for decades. Oyston is also looking at a hefty fine and mandatory four-hour FA education course. His appeal is expected to be heard by a separate FA panel next month and he still faces a ban from football.
Amir Khan is training for his fight against Chris Algieri in New York on May 29. Bolton-born fighter took a break from using the speed ball to finish off a bottle of milkshake. Khan flipped the empty bottle up and unleashed a flurry of punches to keep it in the air. The 28-year-old then delivered a knockout blow with a left hook.
Maciej Rybus is being watched by Hull, Leicester and Swansea City. The Poland international winger is playing for Russian side Terek Grozny. Rybus has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause of £3.2million. He impressed during Poland's 1-1 draw with Republic of Ireland last month.
Josh Meekings blocked Leigh Griffiths' shot with his hand during Celtic's 3-2 defeat to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match, the punishment he would have got if he had been sent off. Celtic boss Ronny Deila has called for the ban to be overturned. FIFA vice president Jim Boyce has criticised the SFA's decision to charge Meeking.
Manchester City will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players. Manuel Pellegrini watched City's academy in their FA Youth Cup final on Monday. Premier League champions will need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season. Frank Lampard, Scott Sinclair, Micah Richards, Richard Wright and James Milner could all leave. Everton's Ross Barkley could be a City player next season, but the Toffees want at least £50m.
Cheltenham Town manager Gary Johnson asked players to sign an A3 sheet of paper. He wrote 'I promise to do all I can to keep Cheltenham in the league' on it. 'They all signed it. Some signed it and meant it, and some signed it,' Johnson said. The League Two club have two games left to try and stay in the Football League.
Harry Kane, Nabil Bentaleb and Ryan Mason are all products of Tottenham's academy system. Mauricio Pochettino has questioned the logic of blooding more academy players. The Spurs boss says he will not flood the first team squad with youngsters. Pochettino insists Hugo Lloris wants to play Champions League football with Spurs.
Tranmere are one point behind Cheltenham and two behind Hartlepool. Manager Micky Adams has left the club by'mutual consent' with two games to go. Barnet and Bristol Rovers to win automatic promotion to the Football League will go down to the last game.
Micky Adams has left Tranmere Rovers by mutual consent. The League Two side suffered a 3-0 defeat by Oxford on Saturday. Rovers are bottom of the table and two points adrift of safety. Assistant manager Alan Rogers and academy manager Shaun Garnett will take temporary charge of first-team affairs.
Lucas Akins scored both goals as Burton Albion won 2-1 at Morecambe. Shrewsbury are one win away from promotion after beating York 1-0. Bury set a new club record of seven straight away wins by beating Portsmouth. Carlisle secured their Football League status with 2-0 win against Plymouth.
Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard will be honoured by the PFA on Sunday. Pair will be presented with special merit awards for their contribution to English football. Gerrard and Lampard have won 19 major trophies between them, including two Champions League and two UEFA Cup/Europa League titles. Both will leave the Premier League at the end of the season for the MLS next year. Liverpool captain Gerrard will join LA Galaxy, while Lampard joins New York City FC.
Elliot Kear will return to rugby league's Championship with London Broncos. Welsh international has spent most of the year playing rugby union for London Welsh. The 26-year-old winger or full-back left Bradford at the end of last season. Kear will be available for Sunday's home game against Dewsbury.
Aaron Cresswell has been linked with a move away from West Ham. The 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for the Hammers this season. Chelsea and Manchester City are said to be interested in signing the left back. But Sam Allardyce believes he would be better off staying at Upton Park.
Javier Hernandez scored in the 88th minute to send Real Madrid into the Champions League semi-final. The Mexican striker has started just seven of Madrid's 50 games this season. He has scored more goals-per-minutes than Karim Benzema and there are calls for him to start more games. Hernandez missed a couple of chances before scoring, but his persistence paid off.
Featherstone prop James Lockwood has been banned for two years. Lockwood tested positive for growth hormone releasing factors. 29-year-old former Dewsbury forward was handed the suspension by UK Anti-Doping. It is the first finding of its kind in the UK.
Rafael Benitez has been criticised for his waistline in recent weeks. The Napoli boss has been linked with the vacant managerial job at Sampdoria. Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has quashed rumours that a job swap is imminent. Ferrero said he would rather keep hold of current boss Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Rafa Benitez is out of contract at Napoli at the end of the season. The Spaniard has been linked with the Manchester City job. Benitez has said he has not had any contact with City. Click here for all the latest Manchester City news.
Ian Watson is poised to come out of his playing retirement at the age of 38. Watson has stepped up his training ahead of Sunday's home game against Castleford. Salford are without Rangi Chase, Weller Hauraki, Cory Paterson and Darrell Griffin through suspension.
Three cars were broken into during the match against Hull KR on Sunday. Bradford Bulls lost the Ladbrokes Challenge Cup fifth-round match at Odsal Stadium. The Championship club say three cars were damaged in the Richard Dunn Sports Centre car park. Bulls' stadium manager Mark Leadbeater has appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The Bradford City fire claimed 56 lives and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. John Helm was commentating on Bradford Citys game against Lincoln City when the fire broke out. He still struggles to listen to Martin Fletcher's account of the fatal day. Here he gives his insight into what caused the blaze at Valley Parade.
Toulon winger Bryan Habana scored the decisive try in extra-time. Leigh Halfpenny kicked 20 points from six penalties and a conversion. Sean O'Brien went over for Leinster in the dying minutes of the game. Clermont Auvergne will play Saracens in the final at Twickenham.
Sir Oliver Popplewell conducted the 1985 Bradford fire public inquiry into the tragedy. Inquiry concluded that the cause was an accident probably started by a spectator dropping a cigarette into the rubbish that had accumulated under an old timber stand. A new book claims the fire at Bradford's Valley Parade stadium was one of at least nine blazes at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham. Popplewell stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson.
Bradford City's Valley Parade fire claimed 56 lives and injured 265 on May 11, 1985. New book claims the fire was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club's then chairman Stafford Heginbotham, who died in 1995. Gerry Sutcliffe, MP for Bradford South and deputy leader of Bradford City council at the time of the tragedy, does not believe a new inquiry into the disaster is justified. Sutcliffe says he knew Hegin botham 'flew by the seat of his pants' in terms of the finances of the club.
Stuart McCall does not believe the 1985 Bradford fire was anything other than an accident. 56 people died and 265 were injured in the fire at Valley Parade on May 11, 1985. Former Bradford player Stuart McCall was just 21 years old at the time of the tragedy. Rangers boss McCall says he finds it hard to accept any foul play was behind the inferno. Martin Fletcher believes the fire was not an accident and says he and his family are no longer willing to 'live the myth'
Paul Smith is in line to fight Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The Liverpool super-middleweight has lost his last two world title fights in Germany. Ward defeated Carl Froch in 2011 but has not fought since November 2013. Click here for more boxing news.
Julio Cesar Chavez Jr was stopped in nine rounds by Andrzej Fonfara. Carl Froch has expressed his desire to fight Chavez Jr in Las Vegas. Froch has said he may retire if that fight does not come to fruition. The 37-year-old has not fought since knocking out George Groves at Wembley last May.
Patrick Vieira has the backing of Manchester City players to replace Manuel Pellegrini. Vieira is highly-respected among the first-team squad at the Etihad Stadium. City's first-choice managerial option is Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. Guardiola is set to remain at the German giants until the end of next season.
An Icelandic duo has created a snack that is made using cricket flour. Called the Jungle Bar it also contains dates, sesame seeds and chocolate. It is said to be a good source of protein and other nutrients. The duo hopes it will encourage people in the West to eat more insects. On Kickstarter they are seeking £10,000 ($15,000) for the insect-powered protein bar. Last year the duo unveiled their Fly Factory that breeds insect larvae for human consumption.
Russian YouTuber Alexander Giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the Kemerovo Region of Russia on April 1. In the video, snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road, which is thought to run between Novokuznetsk and Bolshaya Talda. The eerie phenomenon is called an 'earthflow' and is a rare type of landslide. It's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials, such as clay, sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves
Nicholas Tooth, 25, died after sustaining a head injury when he hit his head on an opponent's shoulder in a tackle during a first grade rugby union match on Saturday. The young man was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW. He was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends. Australian Rugby Union and NSW Rugby Union have offered their support to friends
Women aged 17 to 25 compared themselves to friends on Facebook rather than magazines. Facebook consumes 40 per cent of the time young women spend online, study found. Australian study of 150 college students and staff found they read magazines 'infrequently' Women preferred Facebook as a means of judging themselves because they could compare looks with peers similar to them.
Video shows Galaxy S6 Edge bending and shattering under 110lbs (50kg) of pressure. It was released by third-party warranty firm SquareTrade, and has since been criticised by Samsung. Samsung claims the tests conducted by SquareTrade was unfair as 110lbs of pressure 'rarely occurs under normal circumstances' It has now asked SquareTrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device.
A woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a football game earlier this month. During a 'Flex Cam' break at a Philadelphia Soul game on April 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city. Video of the unidentified woman's robust display has over 300,000 views on YouTube.
Israeli tourist Haim Kaplan captured the hilarious moment a group of baboons robbed a supply truck of its snacks. The 40-second-video was recorded at the Ngorongoro Conservation Area in Tanzania. Driver makes an attempt to scare them away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him. Laughter can be heard from behind the camera as the two monkeys who helped with the distraction scarper.
Dr Sandra Lee is a dermatologist at the Skin Physicians & Surgeons practice in Upland, California. She is known online as Dr Pimple Popper, a moniker she adopted when she started posting clips of her patients' extractions on her YouTube channel. The clips have earned her nearly 60,000 subscribers, as well as loyal fan base of zit squeezing enthusiasts on Reddit.
Bus monitor Karen Huff Klein, 71, was tormented by middle school students in Greece, New York in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012. Now, one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused, along with two others, of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch. The bullying was videotaped and posted on Snapchat. One of Mrs Klein's sons had committed suicide around a decade before.
Bizarre new dog grooming trend is beginning to take shape in Taiwan. Salons in the capital Taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers. The desired effect is a more eye-grabbing and clean-cut look. Many are now opting for the cuts simply to get more likes on social media.
Indonesian President Joko Widodo has confirmed executions of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are 'only a matter of time' President Widodo said while he would not interfere with the inmates' outstanding legal appeals, the executions would take place upon their conclusion. The Bali Nine duo remain in an isolated cell on Nusakambangan Island. They have lodged a challenge with the Constitutional Court to have their death sentence overturned.
A 70-year-old man was bitten on the leg by a crocodile while playing golf in Queensland. The man, in his 70s, believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the Palmer Sea Reef Golf Course, causing the croc to swiftly retaliate. He received puncture wounds on his leg and foot, including one down to the bone. Incredibly, he was still able to drive his golf buggy back up to the clubhouse to seek medical assistance. Palmer United Party leader Clive Palmer posted his well wishes to the injured man on his
Tateyama Kurobe Alpine Route opened to the public on today. Visitors can view the spectacular snow-walled passageway along the 1000ft section. The route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year. An estimated 910,000 flock to the frozen passage last year.
Balestrino, 40 miles south east of Genoa, dates back to the 11th century A.D. Residents were forced to flee their homes in the town more than 60 years ago. Seismic instability caused by earthquakes forced residents to leave the settlement. The ancient Tuscan settlement is shrouded in mystery with its origin and history unknown.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League. Manuel Pellegrini and Txiki Begiristain have big plans to revamp the team in the summer. But what if they come fifth and are caught by Liverpool in the run-in? And what if City are caught and condemned to the Europa League? What happens to this lavish rebuilding plan then?
The Welsh fort, which defended Britain from French invasion, will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea. Currently, the fort on St Catherine's Island can only be reached by crossing a beach during low tide, which happens for only six hours per day. But tomorrow, planners are due to approve a new connector, which will open up the island from the coast of Tenby, Pembrokeshire, for the first time.
Bizarre slow motion footage was captured in Santa Barbara, California by video maker Scott Kaiser. The bird lifts its head all the way back and opens its mouth to show off the size difference between the two parts of its beak. On display appears to be the pelicans tongue and, quite bizarrely, some inner bill anatomy.
Adam Prowse, 34, of Torquay, was captured on camera dancing with Nichola Sullings 57. The Royal Mail worker has been dubbed 'the happiest postman in the world' The video concludes with Adam handing her a parcel mid-boogie before heading back to his Royal Mail van to continue his day job. Royal Mail said that Adam is a great entertainer who brightens up his customers' day.
Patrick Miller and friend Damien Rigden stayed at a family-run hotel in Cyprus. The pair, from Cambridge, thought they would be staying at a four-star hotel for three nights. But they were shocked to find conditions that could have made it one of the worst holidays ever. They explored the hotel, including bathrooms with exposed pipes or missing toilets. Hot tub was filled with green sludge, dead insects and debris in the deep end.
Julie Stauch, Sean Bagniewski and Vidhya Reddy all appear in Clinton's video. They are part of a diverse group of people chosen to show 'aspirational citizens' They include young mothers, Spanish-speaking brothers and an Asian-American college graduate looking for her first job. But it has been revealed one of them is in talks with Martin OMalleys people. Jared Milrad and fiancé Nate Johnson are also revealed as campaigning Democrats. The video has had 3.477,630 views on YouTube since its launch on Sunday
Jack Wilshere met Pele at the launch of 10Ten Talent on Thursday evening. The Arsenal midfielder was given the 'honour to interview the legendary Brazil legend. Wilshere and Pele, along with Glenn Hoddle, are clients of the company. Pele has acknowledged that last year's World Cup was a 'disaster' for Brazil. Brazil were humiliated by Germany in a 7-1 semi-final defeat and then thrashed 3-0 by Holland in the third-place play-off. But Pele praised the likes of Oscar and Ramires for their
Museum to be dedicated exclusively to the New York director, Woody Allen. Will be housed in former arts and crafts school, La Llotja, in Barcelona. The 17th-century building dates from 1883 and is located in the historic Gothic quarter of the city. City Hall is yet to provide permission for the project, which is predicted to be completed in two years.
Incredible footage was shot at Domodedovo Airport in Russia. Shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies. Incredibly, other passengers appear more concerned with spotting their luggage than the fate of the dozing man in shorts.
Former England rugby captain Lewis Moody is undertaking a 100km trek to the North Pole to raise £250,000 for charity. The 36-year-old's plane was forced to make an emergency landing due to poor visibility. Moody and his fellow trekkers were unharmed in the incident. He is part of a team of nine sportsmen and Royal Marines attempting a ten-day expedition.
Dog named Teeny is captured on video sitting opposite trainer Eric Ko. The pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively. They wait for the trainer to say one and complete a press-up before following suit. After a count of four the dog leans out and gives the trainer a kiss.
Cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones. Study also found that the knuckle cracks in less than 310 milliseconds and that there is a white flash, believed to be from water rushing together. Experiment was made possible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)
The lion got its head stuck in a feeding barrel at the Dierenrijk zoo in the Netherlands. Zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions, as it replicates challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild. The animal, hoping to beat two other lions to the food, reaches into the barrel too far. Reacting in a panic the lion jumps backwards and attempts to flick the barrel from its head as the other lions chase after it.
Cats and People is the first of its kind to be opened in Russia and invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea. All of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped. Customers are allowed to adopt the cats should they strike up a rapport with a feline over a piece of cake, but only if they meet certain requirements.
Comedy sketch follows 'Jeff Randl', who travels to 'Sweden' to compete in Xtreme Verbier. Jeff, portrayed by Vincent Kucholl, is a blonde, mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from Lake Forest, California to Sweden to compete. The Bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on the usual stereotypes about US tourists  from being loud and inconsiderate to arrogant and less worldly. Video has received mixed reviews on YouTube, although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour
Michael Carrick has made just nine competitive starts for England. Carrick played in the 2006 World Cup but was dropped for quarter-final with Portugal. England have won just four competitive games in which he has started. Under Steve McClaren he started in the disastrous double header of a 0-0 home draw with Macedonia followed by a 2-0 defeat in Croatia. He was also part of unconvincing performances in Poland and Montenegro.
Steven Sloan, joined by friends Michael Niccum and Eugene Dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of Anderson Island, Washington. Filming from the boat, Steven captured the orcas swimming from afar  two of them can be seen jumping from the water. The group believe the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them, as its distinctive sound disturbed the whales.
England cricket team's involvement with fraudster Allen Stanford has been defended by Sir Curtly Ambrose. Ambrose accompanied Stanford when he flew by helicopter to Lord's in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with England that ended with his arrest and subsequent 110-year jail sentence. ECB president Giles Clarke did not want to discuss the Stanford legacy. Michael Vaughan is staying at England's luxury Sugar Ridge Hotel in Antigua.
Sky Sports drastic cost-cutting is being blamed for the demise of the Victory Shield, the home nations international Under 16 tournament. The FA announced this week that England are pulling out of the event with immediate effect. Sky say that their recommendations, including shortening the time between games, would have raised the profile of the competition.
Premier League clubs have turned down a £45m-a-year title sponsorship deal. Guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of £135m over three years. The Premier League's mega-rich clubs have demanded a deal in the region of £60m a year from 2016. Sky Sports refused to let Thierry Henry present Tony McCoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his Sandown farewell on Saturday.
ECB are to instigate a recruitment process involving head hunters Sport Recruitment International. Michael Vaughan, Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are among the leading candidates. The ECB are still finalising the parameters before the headhunters start preparing their recommendations. Roy Hodgson is launching Roses 2015, the annual clash between York and Lancaster universities.
Burns survivor Turia Pitt said she still struggles to overcome her ordeal. The 27-year-old suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire in WA's Kimberley region in 2011. Ms Pitt said just the smell of a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours. She ran her first marathon last month since the fire and clocked a faster time than before she was injured.
Marina Granovskaia is a Chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in English football as the clubs transfer and contract negotiator. She is confirmed to speak for the first time publicly to an audience of 300 senior sports industry figures at a women in sport conference planned by the Leaders brand on May 21. Graeme Swann has asked nearly 700,000 Twitter followers to call the police if his F-type Jaguar is seen. Channel 4 have escaped remarkably lightly from their mighty blunder by missing the start of the 2.40 race on the all-weather championship card at Ling
Giles Clarke made a fool of himself at the Wisden Almanack launch. Clarke arrived upset that the new ECB regime had just sacked his England managing director appointment, Paul Downton. Sky have banned Thierry Henry from presenting AP McCoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at Sandown. Clare Balding is snubbing the Grand National to present the women's Boat Race on BBC.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's father Mark is acting as his representative. Calum Chambers is on the books of Cassius Sports Management. Danny Welbeck has long been looked after by his brothers Chris and Wayne. Jack Wilsheres father Andy remains the major influence on his son's career. Stuart Hayton is leaving Anfield after just two seasons.
Steve Peters will play a key role in keeping Jonathan Trott focused in the Caribbean. Trott has made a nightmare return to the Test side 18 months after quitting the Ashes tour. Hampshire chairman Rod Bransgrove wants to see an Ashes Test match at his beloved Ageas Bowl ground. Former England Rugby 2015 chief Debbie Jevans attended Thursdays Football League board meeting.
ECB have released very few details of the new director of cricket role. Front-runners for the job are former England captains Andrew Strauss, Michael Vaughan and Alec Stewart. Sports psychiatrist Steve Peters has helped Jonathan Trott recover from situational anxieties well enough for him to return to the Test arena. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has begun fronting a new promotional campaign on behalf of Jaguar.
England batting coach Graham Thorpe signed a form supporting UKIP a year ago. Sir Ian Botham and Geoffrey Boycott have been linked with the party but both deny any association. Peter Alliss looked to a number of viewers as if he was chewing gum at the Masters. Louis Saha is now doing what he can to ensure players receive the best advice over agents.
QPR owner Tony Fernandes wants to avoid fines of up to £50million for Financial Fair Play breaches. Maurice Watkins is a sports lawyer whose firm represents QPR over their FFP troubles. Raheem Sterlings stand-off with Liverpool over a new contract is not just to do with him. The breakdown in the relationship between the FA and England Supporters Travel Club led to the offensive chants during England's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday. England's next international is against Ireland on June 7.
Sky Sports will pay £11m a game to broadcast Premier League football for three years starting in 2016. Barney Francis addressed staff this week to present his way forward - 'Fit for the Future' Sky will concentrate on their live rights in every sport while reducing the support programming and those leaving the network are not being automatically replaced. The FA micro-manage the supposedly free-for-all media interview mixed zone which players have to go through after matches. England's latest star Harry Kane was recently micro-managed by the FA to not speak in media mixed zones. Agent Tony McGill continues
Jose Mourinho has promised Ruben Loftus-Cheek his chance next season. The 19-year-old has been part of the first-team at Chelsea since the age of eight. John Terry was the last successful youth product at the club. Chelsea are preparing for their fourth successive FA Youth Cup final. Isiah Brown, 18, and Dominic Solanke, 17, are earmarked for big things.
Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths had a goal-bound shot blocked by Josh Meekings' outstretched arm in the Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness on Sunday. Referee Alan Muir should have had a clear view of the goal-line tecnology. In 2010, Frank Lampard's infamous 'ghost' goal against Germany in the 2010 World Cup finally brought matters to a head. FIFA relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in Brazil.
Louis van Gaal has identified Michael Carrick and Wayne Rooney as his bright players. The Manchester United boss demands a high level of 'football intelligence' from his squad. Van Gaal was clearly frustrated on the sidelines by poor in-game management from Ander Herrera and Phil Jones. Marouane Fellaini had his football intelligence hammered out of him by David Moyes. This issue of a lack of football intelligence in the squad needs a long-term solution.
Celtic lost 3-2 to Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are currently five points ahead of Aberdeen. Emilio Izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus on winning the league.
Raheem Sterling is earning less than half what Mario Balotelli is on at Liverpool. Sterling's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice in his contract negotiations. Liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since Luis Suarez departed, and those mistakes look set to cost them their place in the top four. If they think they can afford to lose Suarez, Gerrard and Sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken.
Peter Moores has been forced to defend his captain Alastair Cook. Englands failure to win the first Test leaves Cook in the spotlight. But Moores remains steadfast in his backing for the skipper. Cook badly needs runs and wins in the last two Tests of the series.
Arsenal have 15 wins from 17 games since New Year's Day, but it's come too late. Arsene Wenger's side are still 13 points behind Chelsea in the Premier League. The Gunners are clear favourites to win the FA Cup this season. But they haven't won a major trophy for 11 years and that's a long time coming. Wenger has been given time to fail repeatedly, and he's still there. He needs to make the most of his £8m a year as the fourth-highest-paid manager in the world.
Celtic were beaten 3-2 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Josh Meekings denied Leigh Griffiths with a clear handball in the box in the first-half. The Bhoys have written to the Scottish FA to gain an 'understanding' of the incident. They were left outraged by the referee's decision not to award a penalty or red card. Caley Thistle went on to win the game after extra-time at Celtic Park.
Gary Warren will miss the Scottish Cup final after picking up his second yellow card. The Inverness defender was booked in the 3-2 semi-final win over Celtic on Sunday. Warren missed last season's League Cup final for the same reason. He feels that the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellow cards is 'ridiculous'
West Indies forced a draw with England in the first Test in Antigua. Alastair Cook's side could only take five of the eight wickets they needed on day five. Jason Holder's unbeaten 103 steered the hosts to 350 for seven at the end of the day. The tourists were chasing a first away win since beating India in December 2012.
Michael Carrick won his 33rd cap for England against Italy in Turin on Tuesday. Carrick signed for Manchester United in 2006 for £18million and has won five Premier League titles, a Champions League and the FA Community Shield in his nine seasons at Old Trafford. But he has been consistently overlooked by England managers for the past 10 years. Sir Alex Ferguson picked Carrick, but Steve McLaren and Fabio Capello did not. England would have won a major tournament had Carrick been a regular in midfield. Wayne Rooney said Carrick was the 'best player on the pitch
Jack Grealish started for Aston Villa against Liverpool at Wembley. The 19-year-old had a hand in Christian Benteke's equaliser. Grealish also set up Fabian Delph for the winner. Tim Sherwood said he has a 'big future' at Villa Park.
Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Fabian Delph scored the winner in the 54th minute. Tim Sherwood's side will face Arsenal in the showpiece next month. Delph says the final will be the highlight of his career.
Liverpool face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers has reminded Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe of their responsibilities. Sterling was exposed for inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide on Monday. Pictures later emerged of Ibe and Sterling with shisha pipes earlier this season. Reds boss Rodgers hasn't disciplined Sterling or Ibe for the incident.
England and West Indies drew the first Test in Antigua on Friday. James Anderson took 384th Test wicket to overtake Sir Ian Botham's record of 383. West Indies captain Denesh Ramdin was the last wicket of the day, caught by James Tredwell. Jason Holder hit his maiden Test century at No 8 to earn West Indies a deserved draw.
Barcelona beat PSG 3-1 at the Parc des Princes in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Neymar, Luis Suarez and Javier Mascherano scored for the La Liga leaders. David Luiz had a torrid time after replacing Thiago Silva, who was forced off injured. Yohan Cabaye was poor and looked out of his depth at times for PSG.
Liverpool lost 2-1 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Mario Balotelli had the ball in the net but was incorrectly flagged offside. Brendan Rodgers believes it was a'very poor decision' by Michael Oliver. Balotelli posted a screen-grab of the incident to his Instagram page.
England are currently ranked second in Europe, behind Germany and Italy. Juventus, Napoli and Fiorentina are all but in the last four of the Europa League. If they win all their remaining games, Italy will be within 0.1 points of England next season. The 2010/11 season saw Tottenham and Chelsea reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League, while Manchester United lost in the final. That earned England a massive 18.357 points, which will be knocked off the total at the start of next season. Italy and Germany will lose a significantly smaller number of points
Diego Costa injured his hamstring in Chelsea's win over Stoke City on April 4. The striker was expected to be out for a month but Jose Mourinho says he is progressing well. Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Mourinho also hinted that Loic Remy could return from a calf injury.
Chelsea host Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday. Blues are seven points clear of Arsenal at the top of the table after 32 games played. Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho will see two of the biggest egos in football collide. Sportsmail asks 10 key questions ahead of the big game at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea host Manchester United at Stamford Bridge on Saturday night. Louis van Gaal will be without Marcos Rojo, Phil Jones, Michael Carrick and Daley Blind. Jose Mourinho believes United's squad is 'amazing' in numbers and experience. Chelsea currently lead the Premier League by seven points with a game in hand. Mourinho and Van Gaal have a close relationship dating back to their time at Barcelona.
Jurgen Klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave Borussia Dortmund. The 47-year-old German will officially cease to be Dortmund manager on June 30. Klopp has enjoyed seven largely successful years in charge at the Westfalenstadion. He has won two Bundesliga titles and the German Cup in his time at the club. Manchester City and Arsenal have been linked with a move for Klopp. Click here for more transfer news.
Chelsea and Manchester City are set to battle it out for Aaron Cresswell's signature. The 25-year-old has impressed for West Ham in his first season in the Premier League. City are desperate to add to their quota of English players with James Milner on the brink of leaving the club. Tottenham's Danny Rose is also on City's radar for the left-back role. Premier League sides must name eight homegrown players in their 25-man squad.
Wayne Rooney may have to revert to a holding midfield role against Chelsea. Michael Carrick and Daley Blind are two of four Manchester United players ruled out. Phil Jones and Marcos Rojo will also miss the trip to the Premier League leaders. Louis van Gaal described it as 'the worst scenario' as Jonny Evans returns from suspension. Luke Shaw and Radamel Falcao could both be recalled against Jose Mourinho's side.
Nico Rosberg finished second in the Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai. Lewis Hamilton claimed his second win of the season and fourth in China. Rosberg had a heated press conference after the race, claiming Hamilton had acted selfishly in slowing down to allow Sebastian Vettel to pass him. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong following Rosberg's accusations. The German driver responded to a fan who accused him of 'crying' after he complained about his team-mate.
Juan Mata was substituted by Jose Mourinho on New Year's Day last year. The Spaniard was distraught after being substituted by the Chelsea boss. But 16 months on, Mata is performing at the peak of his powers for Manchester United. Louis van Gaal is finally getting the best out of the Spaniard in the Premier League. Mata believes United can win the league with no European commitments this season. If United beat Chelsea at Stamford Bridge they will be only five points behind the leaders. He is not surprised by the turnaround in his own, and the team's, fortunes.
Joel Ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year deal with Crystal Palace. Ward has been impressive at both left and right back for the Eagles this season. The 25-year-old has made 35 appearances in all competitions for the club. He has played every minute of Palace's Premier League campaign this term. Last week he made his 100th appearance for the south London club.
Paris Saint-Germain host Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final. Luis Suarez will be at Parc des Princes with Luis Enrique. Edinson Cavani knows the spotlight will be on him this evening. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Marco Veratti are suspended for PSG. Thiago Motta is injured and David Luiz is also a major doubt.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One world championship. Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third. Rosberg was furious with his Mercedes team-mate, accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure. Hamilton denied he had done anything wrong and said he was 'controlling his own race'
Cesc Fabregas scored late on to secure all three points for Chelsea at Loftus Road. Fabregas converted Eden Hazard's pass in the 88th minute to put Jose Mourinho's side seven points clear at the top of the Premier League. The win extends Chelsea's lead over Arsenal to seven points, who travel to the Emirates on April 26. QPR's Charlie Austin scored a stunning long-range effort, but Thibaut Courtois made a stunning save to deny him.
Lewis Hamilton claimed his fourth Chinese Grand Prix victory on Sunday. Nico Rosberg finished second but accused his Mercedes team-mate of being selfish. Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda believes Rosberg will turn 'nasty' at some stage. Hamilton leads Rosberg by 13 points with one race remaining in Bahrain.
Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen were forced to retire after two engine failures. Red Bull's billionaire benefactor Dietrich Mateschitz threatened to pull out of Formula One unless Renault raised their game. Renault boss Cyril Abiteboul has vowed there will be 'no surrender' in a bid to right their wrongs.
Manchester City players are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay requirements. Manuel Pellegrini's team are currently fourth in the Premier League table. If they fail to qualify for the Champions League they will miss out on £500,000-a-man in bonuses. City lost 4-1 to Manchester United in the Manchester derby on Sunday.
Cesc Fabregas broke his nose during Chelsea's win over Stoke City last Saturday. The Spaniard started against QPR on Sunday with two large bruises around his eyes. Fabregas removed the mask as he celebrated scoring a late winner at Loftus Road. Sportsmail exclusively revealed the protective mask the 27-year-old will wear on Wednesday. Fernando Torres, Petr Cech and Demba Ba have also worn masks during their time at Chelsea.
Vincent Kompany says his mum stopped him moving to Manchester United as a teenager. Kompany was subject of an inquiry from Sir Alex Ferguson when he was 17-years-old. Belgian international was breaking through at Anderlecht and was highly-coveted. Manchester City captain says 'everything has played out perfectly' after he moved to England.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has offered Richie Benaud's family a state funeral. Benaud died aged 84 on Wednesday after a battle with skin cancer. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. State funerals in Australia are generally reserved for politicians. But Abbott has been moved to make an exception for Benaud.
Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer. Benaud won 63 Test caps for Australia between 1952 and 1964. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. After his playing career, Benaud forged an incredibly successful career as a cricket commentator.
Manchester United beat Altrincham City 1-0 in the'mini derby' Callum Gribbin scored the winner with a free-kick on the hour mark. City have now lost both matches in the Barclays Under 18s Premier League end-of-season play-off series. United are two points behind leaders Middlesbrough with a game in hand.
Jacques Burger received a one-week ban for striking Racing Metro scrum-half Maxime Machenaud during last weekend's Champions Cup quarter-final victory in Paris. The Namibia flanker will be available to face Clermont Auvergne in Saint Etienne on April 18. Burger will miss Saracens' Aviva Premiership clash with play-off rivals Leicester.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. Benaud captained Australia to world dominance in the 1950s and captained his country to Ashes glory twice. He took 248 Test wickets and hit 2,201 runs, with three centuries, and reclaimed the Ashes for Australia as captain. His commentary rules should be required reading for anyone entering the commentary box today. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott offered Benaud's family a state funeral for him, if they wish it.
Richie Benaud has passed away at the age of 84 after a short battle with skin cancer. Benaud was one of cricket's greatest broadcasters and captained Australia during their domination of the game during the late 1950's. He spoke with an unrivalled blend of insight, authority and wit from commentary boxes at cricket matches across the globe.
Elliot Daly scored two tries for Wasps in March. The 22-year-old looks set to be called into England's World Cup training squad. Wasps director of rugby Dai Young said Daly is the type of player you need if England are to win the World Cup.
James Faulkner has signed a deal to join Lancashire for the bulk of this summer. Faulkner was named man of the match as Australia won the World Cup last month. The all-rounder will replace compatriot Peter Siddle, who will join the Australia squad.
Michael Vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the role of director of England cricket. The 2005 Ashes winning captain has held talks with the ECB about the role. Andrew Strauss and Alec Stewart are also in the frame for the position. Peter Moores has said he could work with Vaughan despite their uneasy relationship. Paul Downton lost his job as cricket's managing director of cricket last month.
Toby Alderweireld joined Southampton on a season-long loan from Atletico Madrid. The Belgian defender has attracted interest from Manchester City and Tottenham. Southampton have the option to make the deal permanent for just £6.8million. But Atletico can nullify the buy-out clause by paying them £1.5million.
Owen Farrell hoping to be fit for Saracens' Champions Cup semi-final clash against Clermont. Fly-half has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury in January. Farrell missed the entire RBS 6 Nations campaign with George Ford filling in. Saracens return to Aviva Premiership action this weekend against Leicester.
Kevin Pietersen has been named in Surrey's 13-man squad to play Oxford University. The 34-year-old has not played first-class cricket since being axed by England last year. Pietersen has given up a lucrative deal with Indian Premier League side Sunrisers Hyderabad in order to come back to Surrey as he bids to win back his England spot.
Former Australia captain Richie Benaud has died aged 84. Benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket career. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in Tests. Shane Warne paid tribute to Benaud on Instagram, calling him the 'godfather of cricket' Current Australia Test captain Michael Clarke believes Benaud's spirit made him popular.
Harry Kane captained Tottenham for the first time against Burnley on Sunday. At just 21 years and 251 days, he became the Premier League's youngest captain this season. Kane scored within seconds of his England debut against Lithuania on March 27. He then made his first international start against Italy on Tuesday. It has been a fairytale season for the Tottenham striker, who has scored 30 goals.
Juventus take on Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final. Film themes have been used to brand the tie between the two sides. La Gazzetta dello Sport pin hopes on Carlos Tevez to beat Carlo Ancelotti's side. Pep Guardiola faces an emotional return to the Nou Camp as Bayern Munich take on Barcelona. Benfica and Porto meet in a top of the table clash in Portugal.
Plane made an emergency landing at Istanbul Ataturk Airport after engine caught fire. Passengers were evacuated safely and there are no reported injuries. Latest in a series of incidents that have forced Turkish Airlines to divert or recall flights. On March 30, a flight from Istanbul to Sao Paulo was forced to land in Casablanca, Morocco.
Gareth Barry has advised Ross Barkley not to move to Manchester City. The Everton team-mate believes the 21-year-old is still too young to make the move. Barry spent four seasons at City before being found surplus to requirements. Everton face Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday.
Tareq Kamleh has been identified as the blue-eyed, Australian doctor who appears in the latest ISIS propaganda video. Kamelah, who is believed to be in his late 20's, completed his medical degree at Adelaide University. He reportedly worked as a paediatric registrar at the Adelaide Women's and Children's Hospital until 2013. The 'intelligent' doctor was also recognised by Dr Stephen Napoli, co-owner of the Mannum Medical Centre in South Australia. 'As a doctor he worked quite well; he was quite intelligent, he presented to our practice as quite
Tito Vilanova died aged 45 on April 25 last year after a long battle with cancer. Vilanova was Pep Guardiola's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three La Liga titles and two Champions League trophies. People from the sporting world and many others attended a memorial service at Barcelona cathedral to pay tribute.
Xherdan Shaqiri joined Inter Milan from Bayern Munich in January for £12million. The 23-year-old has been dropped to the bench by Roberto Mancini in recent matches. Shaqiri has been linked with a move away from the San Siro at the end of the season. Mancini insists he will not be leaving the club despite reports to the contrary.
Newcastle United have lost five of the last five Tyne-Wear derbies. Jermain Defoe scored a stunning volley to earn Sunderland all three points at Stadium of Light. Jonas Gutierrez was starting his first game in 20 months and was the only player in grey. John Carver's side returned a club record profit of £18.7million last week.
Ronnie O'Sullivan admits he would 'love' to be the presenter of Top Gear. The five-time world snooker champion has an affection for cars. O'Sullivan has appeared as a guest on the BBC show in the past. He begins his second-round match at The Crucible against Matthew Stevens on Saturday.
Ashley Young believes Manchester United will challenge for the title next season. United currently sit third in the Premier League, 11 points behind leaders Chelsea. The Red Devils have endured two mixed seasons since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement. Young has praised Louis van Gaal's desire to bring back success to the club. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Prime Minister said he was a West Ham fan - despite supporting Aston Villa. Cameron said he had a bout of 'brain fade' during a speech on ethnic minorities. He had previously stated that he was an Aston Villa fan in a TV interview in 2008. West Ham responded by tweeting Cameron to vote for his favourite player.
Diego Costa has not played for Chelsea since going off against Stoke on April 4. Jose Mourinho said on Friday that he would make a late decision on Costa's fitness. The Spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for Sundays top-of-the-table clash. Costa could also miss the potential title clincher at Leicester City on Wednesday. Didier Drogba is Chelsea's only fit senior striker with Loic Remy also ruled out.
Adam Johnson, 27, accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming. Winger was arrested at his mansion in Castle Eden, County Durham, on March 2. Johnson will appear before Peterlee Magistrates' Court on May 20. He has represented England 12 times and is the father of a three-month-old daughter.
Maria Sharapova, Ana Ivanovic, Caroline Wozniacki, Sabine Lisicki, and Angelique Kerber attended the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis opening ceremony in Stuttgart. The ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the Porsche Arena accompanied by a group of school children. World No 1 Serena Williams was the highest profile absentee, admitting she was not ready for the clay court season after struggling to beat Sara Errani in the Fed Cup.
Smita Srivastava currently holds the record for having the longest hair in India  documented at 6ft (1.8m) in the Limca Book of Records. Her hair now stands at 7ft (2.1m)  more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player. The 37-year-old Indian Rapunzel has had a passion for growing her hair ever since she was a child and her family support her endeavour.
Boy, 12, needed to be rescued after falling down drain in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Firefighters worked with police and ambulance staff to free the boy, a pupil at Stanground Academy. It is believed rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position on Monday afternoon. Within hours, the accident occurred with the boy trapped for more than half an hour.
Brazilian Ronaldo and Zinedine Zidane took part in the 12th annual Match Against Poverty in Saint-Etienne. Ronaldo scored a hat trick as he showed he still has what it takes to be a legend. Zidane and Ronaldo were joined by a host of former greats including Clarence Seedorf, Fabian Barthez, Jay-Jay Okocha and Gianluca Zambrotta. Former French international David Trezeguet also played and scored in the match. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang shone the brightest as he grabbed a hat-tr
Jack Grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season. The 19-year-old has met Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane. Grealish could play for Ireland against England in a friendly in Dublin on June 7. But he would still be able to switch allegiance to line up for the Three Lions afterwards. FIFA rule states friendly appearances do not commit a player to one country.
Ann Price was the owner of Ann's Snack Bar in Atlanta. The Wall Street Journal named her signature 'Ghetto Burger,' a double cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and chili, the best in America. Price was known for her no-swearing policy and care in cooking up every plate of burger and fries herself. Funeral services will be held at Gregory B. Levett and Sons Funeral Home.
Eugenie Bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over handshake controversy. Bouchard refused to shake the hand of Alexandra Dulgheru before Fed Cup match at the weekend. The 21-year-old Canadian lost both her singles matches to the world No 69 and 104th ranked Romanian. She has lost six matches out of eight and five straight in 2014 so far.
Eden Hazard is poised to win PFA Player of the Year as Chelsea storm towards the Premier League title. Gary Neville says Hazard is on par with Arjen Robben, Thomas Muller, Neymar, Gareth Bale and James Rodriguez but not as ruthless as the rest. Neville says Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are 'in outer space' by comparison.
Liverpool have agreed a new three-year kit sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered. Standard Chartered signed up as the Reds' main sponsor in July 2010. Financial terms of the agreement remained confidential. Reports suggest the current deal is worth around £20million a season.
David Ospina lucky not to concede a penalty after clattering into Oscar. Olivier Giroud had a tough time against John Terry but still managed 6.5. John Terry was man of the match with an all-action display from the Chelsea skipper. Cesc Fabregas booed on his return to Emirates Stadium and booked for diving.
West Ham will have cheapest pricing strategy in Premier League next season. Co-chairmen David Gold and David Sullivan will use enhanced TV revenue to pass on savings. Lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289, the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99, and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games in the top flight for £776. Disabled season-ticket holders will also see a huge reduction, with prices dropping by up to £205. Club also announced a new VIP area in homage of the club's most famous sons.
Lewis Hamilton secured his third win of the season in Bahrain on Sunday. The Mercedes driver beat Kimi Raikkonen and Nico Rosberg to extend his lead in the championship. Hamilton's brother Nicolas will become the first disabled competitor to compete in the British Touring Car Championship, for Audi, starting in June.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history. Both fighters spent time with their families over the weekend. Pacquiao was joined in Los Angeles by his ever-expanding family; wife Jinkee and their five children. Mayweather, meanwhile, has been dating Doralie Medina since last year.
Jack Grealish put in a dazzling performance as Aston Villa beat Liverpool 2-1 in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. The 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against Liverpool in Sundays win. He wears his socks rolled down to show he is unafraid of taking ferocious hits. Grealish's father Kevin has bought season tickets for his sons since their infancy. His great-great-great grandfather Billy Garraty, his grandfather on his mum's side, won the Cup with Villa in 1905. Aston Villa
Wayne Rooney, David de Gea and Ashley Young visited sick supporters on Monday. The Manchester United Foundation 'works in some of the most disadvantaged areas across Greater Manchester and uses the passion for Manchester United to educate, motivate and inspire young people' Louis van Gaal and his players also posed for photographs and signed memorabilia. United travel to Everton in the Premier League on Sunday.
Ronnie O'Sullivan made a rude gesture during his second-round match against Matthew Stevens. The five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day, firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead. O'Sullivan was also spoken to by the referee Olivier Marteel towards the end of the afternoon session - and warned about his behaviour.
Video shows 20 men in desert camouflage carrying out rifle routine in the sand. They call themselves 'Soldiers of the Caliphate in Yemen' and say they will 'cut the throats' of Houthi rebels. The group's aim is believed to be to take over Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) Yemen is currently on the brink of outright civil war with several sides battling each other since conflict began last year.
Abby Bishop's life completely changed when she took in her two-day-old niece Zala. Now Zala is 20 months old and she follows Bishop as she travels the world playing for professional teams. Bishop, who lives in Canberra, has looked after her niece since she was two days old. Zala will go with Bishop to the U.S. this May when she starts playing for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 on Sunday. The on-loan Manchester United striker has scored six goals in eight games. Carlo Ancelotti says Hernandez is undroppable on current form. Hernandez has scored a goal every 83 minutes for Real this season. Lionel Messi, on the other hand, nets once every 81 minutes.
Juventus lost 2-1 to Torino in the Serie A derby on Sunday afternoon. Andrea Pirlo scored a stunning free-kick but his side couldn't win the game. Juve could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive Serie A title with a victory. Despite defeat, Juve remain 14 points clear at the top of the league table. Click here for more Serie A news.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport. The former two-weight world champion was accused of writing a cheque which bounced. He was reportedly taken to Bur Dubai police station, which has a department for bounced cheque suspects, and was released the same day. Haye has been unable to leave the United Arab Emirates and missed a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham at the weekend. Instead he went to a Robbie Williams concert in Abu Dhabi.
Six Chelsea players have been named in the PFA Premier League team of the year. Eden Hazard, Nemanja Matic, Alexis Sanchez, Cesc Fabregas, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Branislav Ivanovic and Ryan Bertrand make the XI. Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea is included in the Team of the Year. Harry Kane is the only English forward chosen up front alongside Diego Costa. Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez complete the midfield.
Daley Blind was given the portrait as a late birthday present by his parents. The 25-year-old posted a picture of the painting on his Instagram account. Blind has been a key figure for Manchester United this season. He has played in midfield and left back for Louis van Gaal's side this term.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Cesc Fabregas was booed by large portions of the Gunners' supporters. However when he was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause. Arsene Wenger's side are third in the Premier League, level on points with Man City. Gunners boss Arsene Wenger insists it matters not a jot that he has not beaten Jose Mourinho. Hector Bellerin, Francis Coquelin and Nacho Monreal have impressed for Arsenal this season.
England's national saint's day falls on April 23, St George's Day. A host of international footballers past and present took to social media to celebrate. Harry Kane posted a picture of his younger self, posing with his brother Charlie. Rio Ferdinand also reminisced on his time in the England shirt.
Ronnie O'Sullivan leads Craig Steadman 7-2 in the first round of the World Championship. The 39-year-old took off his shoes during the sixth frame of the match in his socks. O'Sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the UK Championship after breaking his ankle. Ding Junhui blew the chance to become the seventh player to make a maximum at the Crucible.
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Goals from James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas condemned United to defeat. Louis van Gaal accused his players of lacking desire after the match. Gary Neville said it was the Old Trafford outfit's worst performance in five or six weeks. The 40-year-old described the Red Devils' display as 'toothless'
Plus-size model and environmental scientist Laura Wells designed the eco-friendly swimwear line. The collection is inspired by the ocean, with coral reef scenes featuring throughout. Wells has already fronted campaigns for The Upside, Myer, Berlei and ASOS.
Manchester United were beaten 3-0 by Everton at Goodison Park. Louis van Gaal said his players could not match Everton's attitude and commitment. James McCarthy, John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored for the Toffees. Chris Smalling said United were'second best from first minute to the last' Everton boss Roberto Martinez said his side were better in every department. Click here for Manchester United transfer news.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas next Saturday. Broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the fight for free. Recent live video streaming apps such as Periscope and Meerkat have raised the prospect. Sky and US broadcasters Showtime and HBO will broadcast the bout alongside Showtime. Periscope allows users to broadcast live video to their social media followers. The video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can be saved to the user's phone. Meerkat's live video disappears once you choose the broadcast to end.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Arsene Wenger accused the Blues of being purposefully defensive. Jose Mourinho hit back at the Gunners, branding their 11-year wait for the title 'boring' Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League with five games to play. Click here for all the latest Chelsea news.
Franck Ribery, Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba and Arjen Robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines as the German giants bid to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate. Ribery missed the game after failing to recover from a recent ankle injury. Benatia faces another two weeks out with a groin problem. Robben was unavailable with an abdominal injury.
Real Madrid beat rivals Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final. Cristiano Ronaldo scored the winning goal in the 88th minute at the Bernabeu. Portuguese star took off his training shirt to give a young supporter his warm-up shirt. The young fan was overcome with emotion at the kind gesture from Ronaldo.
Jorge Lopez was killed in a suspicious road accident while in Sao Paulo in July. Pep Guardiola was sporting the top - which read '#JusticiaParaTopo' - during his pre-match press conference before Bayern Munich emphatically dumped Porto out of the Champions League. The message appeared to support a campaign to investigate Lopezs death. Lopez was killed when a taxi he was travelling back to his hotel in was hit by a stolen car being chased by police.
Wayne Rooney was replaced by Robin van Persie in the 88th minute. Manchester United lost 2-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday afternoon. Rooney was seen receiving treatment on the bench after taking a knock to the knee. Louis van Gaal says it is too early to know the extent of the England striker's injury.
Harry Kane has scored 30 goals in all competitions for Tottenham this season. The 21-year-old beat off stiff competition to land PFA Young Player of the Year award. Kane has scored 20 Premier League goals for Spurs in a breakthrough campaign. Tottenham striker has spent time on loan at Leyton Orient, Millwall, Norwich and Leicester. He also scored on his senior England debut against Lithuania.
Arsenal winger Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chelsea defender Gary Cahill pitted themselves against Jack Nowell of Exeter Chiefs and Bath's George Ford at England Rugby's training centre in Bagshot. Nowell hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice and uploaded the evidence with an Instagram video and the caption 'Happy #stgeorgesday! To celebrate, @garyjcahill & @alexoxoxoxchamberlain took on @jacknowell & @george_fordy in a special cross-code challenge #englandconnected' Oxlade
Oscar was clattered into by Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina in the 16th minute. The creative midfielder was taken off at half-time and substituted by Didier Drogba. Sky Sports revealed that Jose Mourinho said it was due to 'possible concussion' Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness said it should have been a penalty.
Chris Hala'ufia halted Laurence Pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf. The Tongan number eight has been warned in the past over his ill-discipline. Leicester fought back from a 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated Welsh. Koree Britton and Opeti Fonua scored tries for London Welsh.
Emerald green, diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by World Boxing Council president Mauricio Sulaiman in Mexico City. Current WBC light heavyweight champion Adonis Stevenson was also on hand as the $1million creation was put on show. Fans worldwide voted for the traditional emerald green belt, which will be handed to the winner of the mega-fight. Meanwhile, Pacquiao was again spotted training in public as he took to the streets of Los Angeles to work on his fitness ahead of his showdown with Mayweather.
Cesc Fabregas is set to start against his former club at the Emirates on Sunday. Arsenal Fan TV favourite Claude Callegari has called for the flag to be taken down. Fabregas made 303 appearances for Arsenal between 2003 and 2011. The 27-year-old left the Gunners for Barcelona in 2011 and is now at Chelsea.
Ian Poulter posted an Instagram picture of what looked like a painful acupuncture session. The golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery in the past. Poulter finished tied sixth at the US Masters after two final rounds of 67. Europe Ryder Cup captain Darren Clarke says his final round was the best he's ever seen him play. CLICK HERE for all the latest golf news.
Angelique Kerber beat Caroline Wozniacki 3-6, 6-1, 7-5 to win the Stuttgart Grand Prix. The German came from a set down to win her second title of the season. Kerber completed a memorable week where she beat Maria Sharapova and Ekaterina Makarova.
Jockey Blake Shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in Sydney. The 27-year-old bared all to those at the Hyland Race Colours Plate. Unfortunately for Shinn the only thing sight that took the gaze of those watching was his naked behind. Shinn was forced to ride more than 200 metres to the finish line with his pants down.
Group of Chelsea fans called themselves the 'C-Team' as they set off smoke bombs and covered the Arsenal sign with blue and white letters. The pranksters wore Jose Mourinho, Diego Costa, Didier Drogba and Cesc Fabregas masks. Their hard work lasted just 10 minutes before they were taken down by staff. Chelsea face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night. Pep Guardiola managed to tear a hole in his trousers during the Champions League clash. Bayern booked their place in the semi-finals of the competition with the win. Click here for all the latest Bayern Munich news.
The man, known only as Jason, uploaded the clip to YouTube after his wife filmed it. It shows him explaining exactly how he will pop the grape-sized growth on his wrist. His sister-in-law puts the needle into the swelling and holds it in place with pliers. She then hammers the needle deeper into the cyst with the handle of a screwdriver. Sharp cries of pain are heard from Jason with each hit as he emits loud moans of pain. Unsurprisingly, medical professionals do not advise using Jason's method to treat lumps found on the body.
Tiger Woods met up with Yao Ming at Nike's headquarters in Shanghai. The former NBA star is dwarfed by the 7ft 6in former Houston Rockets centre. Woods will return to the PGA Tour at the Players Championship on May 7. He will be back at TPC Sawgrass, allaying fears over a wrist injury picked up at Augusta.
Didier Drogba hosted a charity ball at London's swanky Dorchester Hotel. The Chelsea striker helped raise £400,000 for his foundation in Africa. Drogba and Eden Hazard were joined on stage by popstar Christina Milian. Thierry Henry, Edgar Davids and Jermaine Defoe also attended the event.
George Groves will fight Badou Jack for the WBC world super-middleweight title this summer. Groves bet £100 that Jack would beat Anthony Dirrell by a points decision or via a technical one. The Hammersmith-born boxer is £1000-richer after his £100 9/1 bet came through.
All 16 teams in with a shout of the championship in Algeria's Championnat National de Premiere Division. Just 11 points separate leaders ES Setif and bottom-placed NA Hussein Dey with four rounds left. The top two teams qualify for next year's CAF Champions League. Last year's champions USM Algier are currently in fifth place but just four points off the top.
Liverpool drew 0-0 with West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday. Daniel Sturridge missed the game because of a series of calf and thigh injuries. Brendan Rodgers is unsure whether the England striker will play again this season. Sturridge will miss Liverpool's trip to Hull City on Tuesday night because of injury. The Liverpool manager is keen on signing Memphis Depay in the summer.
Romeo Beckham, 12, ran the London mini-marathon on Sunday. David Beckham, wife Victoria and their two other sons Brooklyn and Cruz were there to cheer on Romeo as he completed the race, raising £6,000 for charity. It is the same three mile course where Mo Farah and triathlon champions Alistair and Jonny Brownlee kick started their careers.
Liverpool lost 1-0 to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final second leg at Wembley. Steven Gerrard was poor throughout, as he has been all season, but Brendan Rodgers must take the blame. Gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by Rodgers throughout the contest. Raheem Sterling managed just 18 passes, the fewest of any player in the starting 22. Liverpool have won 12 of 31 games when Gerrard has started this season, compared to 13 of 21 when he hasn't.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho watched Fulham Under 21s lose 3-0 to Porto U21s. Leandro Silva scored a hat-trick as Porto progressed to Premier League International Cup final. Liam Donnelly was sent off just before half-time for the Cottagers. Mourinho avoided the Champions League fixtures as he visited Motspur Park with son Jose Junior. Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 in Champions League quarter-final second leg.
Edinson Cavani visited the zoo after PSG's 2-0 defeat to Barcelona. The 28-year-old has struggled in the shadow of Zlatan Ibrahimovic this season. Manchester United are said to be monitoring his situation at the French club.
Manchester United remain favourites to land the Holland international. PSV Eindhoven have given Liverpool permission to hold talks with Memphis Depay. The 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the Eredivise this season. Brendan Rodgers would neither confirm nor deny Liverpools interest in the youngster. Liverpool remain fifth in the Premier League - five points behind Manchester United.
Floyd Mayweather is preparing for his $300million mega-fight against Manny Pacquiao. The boxer invited compatriot Adrien Broner for a feast at his mansion in Las Vegas. Chef Q, also known as Quiana Jeffries, has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet. Mayweather faces the Filipino at the MGM in the biggest fight in boxing history. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
John Terry has warned Arsenal they will not win the Premier League playing 'tippy-tappy football' and need to adapt. Chelsea captain admits Jose Mourinho has changed his tactics after Christmas. Jose Mourinho's side were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at Arsenal. Eden Hazard was awarded PFA Player of the Year on Sunday night.
St Mirren skipper Steven Thompson speared John McGinn with a pole. The Scotland Under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season. Thompson threw the pole at McGinn in jest but it stabbed him in the leg. He scored two goals in Saints' 4-1 win over Kilmarnock on Saturday.
Paula Radcliffe won the London Marathon in 2:36.55 in her final competitive race. The 41-year-old said the time was irrelevant as it was her final marathon. Radcliffe set the 26.2mile world record of 2:15.25 in 2003. She said she was 'unfit and unprepared' for the race and had barely run since February due to injury.
Franz Beckenbauer believes Jurgen Klopp could succeed Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich. Klopp has already announced he will leave Borussia Dortmund in the summer. Bayern face Barcelona in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Click here for more Bayern Munich news.
James McCarthy opened the scoring for Everton in the fifth minute after a blistering counter-attack. John Stones and Kevin Mirallas scored either side of half-time to put Roberto Martinez's side firmly in the ascendancy. Marouane Fellaini was hauled off at half time and replaced by Angel di Maria, while Juan Mata was replaced by Juan Mata in the second half. Louis van Gaal's side dominated possession throughout but could not find a way back into the game.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at the Allianz Arena to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Thomas Muller scored his 27th Champions League goal in the competition on Tuesday. Muller engaged in a raucous celebration with Bayern supporters after the game. The Germany international used a megaphone to stir up the fans that remained after the match.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday night. The MGM Grand expects 50,000 people each day to pass through for Friday's weigh-in and Saturday's main event itself. Food and beverage department have ordered half a million bottles of Budweiser, Miller Lite, Corona and Tecate. A hundred thousand hot dogs will be sizzling in readiness around the Grand Garden Arena. Projections for the economic impact on the Vegas economy have been revised upwards from an initial $400m (£265m) to well over a billion dollars.
Hull City charged Liverpool fans £50 for their sets at The KC Stadium on Tuesday. Last season, the same seats were sold for £35. Stoke fans were charged £16 for tickets when they went to Hull in August. Evertonians paid £35 for seats at the KC Stadium in December. Click here for more Liverpool news.
James Haskell dressed as Iron Man for the new Avengers: Age of Ultron movie. The London Wasps captain posted the photo on his Instagram page on Thursday. Haskell has played rugby in France, Japan and New Zealand after leaving Wasps in 2009. He returned to England in 2012 after spells with Stade Francais, Ricoh Black Rams and Highlanders in New Zealand.
Andy Carroll suffered a serious knee injury during West Ham's 0-0 draw with Southampton. The 26-year-old has been ruled out for the rest of the season with the injury. West Ham have only won one of their last 11 Premier League games without Carroll. Click here for more West Ham United news.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao face off against each other in Las Vegas on September 26. The pair have come face-to-face just once in the build-up, at the press conference to announce the fight. Carey has long been a fan of Mayweather having attended his fight against Shane Mosley in 2010. Mayweather will make the short trip from his gym to the MGM Grand next week.
Sergio Aguero and Marco Reus went head-to-head to showcase the new Puma evoSpeed 1.3 boot. The boot took inspiration from the Japanese dragon and is being launched by the brand. Aguero scored to put himself 3-2 up against the Dortmund winger. After the game, Aguero praised his opponent for giving him a tough game.
Rory McIlroy was a guest at a junior event in Graniteville, South Carolina. Brad Dalke, 17, beat the world No 1 golfer in a strength test in the gym. Dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his Twitter page. McIlroy had run a clinic and offered inspirational words to players at the event.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2. The Manchester United loanee has now scored six goals in eight starts. Hernandez's ratio is only two minutes short of Barcelona's Lionel Messi. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez also scored for Carlo Ancelotti's side.
John Terry has played in all 33 Premier League games for Chelsea so far this season. The 34-year-old is on course to make all 38 league appearances for his side. Chelsea captain made just 14 league appearances in 2012-13 under Rafa Benitez. If he makes it to the end of the season, he will beat the 37 appearances he made during the Blues' title winning season in 2009-10.
Wladimir Klitschko beat Bryant Jennings on points on points at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night. The 39-year-old is now the IBF, WBA and WBO world heavyweight champion. Klitschko has confirmed Tyson Fury will be his next opponent and is willing to fight him in England. Fury is the mandatory challenger to the champion's WBO belt and is in line for a summer showdown.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium of Light on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side have now closed the gap on Premier League leaders Manchester United to one point. Sportsmail takes a look at the best defences in Premier League history. From the meanest to the most successful, Sportsmail looks at the top four defences.
Kei Nishikori beat Pablo Andujar 6-4 6-3 in the final of the Barcelona Open. Pop star Shakira and husband Gerard Pique were in the stands at the Real Club de Tenis. Nishikori is the second consecutive year he has won the tournament. It is the ninth career title for the Japanese world number five.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to buy four players in the summer transfer window. The Frenchman believes the Gunners need a goalkeeper, centre back, defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the Premier League title. Henry also questioned whether Olivier Giroud can lead Arsenal to the title with 14 league goals so far this season. Click here for Arsenal transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Premier League news.
Mick Schumacher Junior is making his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend. The 16-year-old is part of the Dutch Van Amersfoort Racing team in the 2015 ADAC Formula 4 series. He will start 19th in the 38-car grid in Saturday's first race, and will take part in two more races on Sunday. This is the first time that he is racing under his own name after using the maiden name of his mother Corrina Betsch to avoid extra attention.
Bafetimbi Gomis suffered a hamstring injury against Everton earlier this month. The Frenchman has been using his time on the sidelines to spend time with his family in Lyon. Gomis is expected to be out for between three and four weeks with the injury. He hopes to return for Swansea's next Premier League game against Arsenal on May 11.
Real Madrid beat Celta Vigo 4-2 in La Liga clash at the Santiago Bernabeu. Chicharito scores a goal every 83 minutes in his last eight starts for Real Madrid. Javier Hernandez has scored six goals in eight starts this season. Toni Kroos and James Rodriguez scored in the first half to put Real 2-1 up. Santi Mina equalised for Celta but James Rodriguez made it 2-2 at half-time. Nolito gave the home side the lead before James Rodriguez equalised to make it 3-2. Real
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather in a megafight on May 2 in Manila. Online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of items including T-shirts, gloves, caps and jackets. Buyers believe items could double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history. Even street vendors are making a killing selling lower-priced T-shirt.
Chelsea have six players in the PFA Premier League Team of the Year. Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, John Terry, Gary Cahill, Nemanja Matic and Branislav Ivanovic all feature in the best XI. Manchester United top the table with six players from Old Trafford. Steven Gerrard has eight, but missed out on a ninth in his final season. Liverpool have had 75 best XI representatives in the Premier League era. Chelsea are third with 29, while Arsenal are second with 42.
The USA women's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the World Cup hosted by Canada in June. The strips, produced by sportswear giants Nike, have caused a bit of stir across the pond because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme. But striker Alex Morgan hailed Nike's design as innovative. Nike have opted to put the focus of the new kit on the feet first and worked their way up.
The PFA Team of the Year is voted for by players from across the 20 clubs in England's top flight. Sergio Aguero replaces Diego Costa up front in the EA Sports team. Cesc Fabregas, a surprise omission from the PFA Player of the Team, is included. Gary Cahill and Nemanja Matic do not make the team for the third straight season.
Ivan Rakitic shared a picture of him with his wife and daughter on Instagram. The Barcelona midfielder described them as his 'princesses' on St George's day. Rakitic has been instrumental for Barcelona since joining from Sevilla in June. Barcelona are two points clear in La Liga and two points behind Real Madrid.
Moshin Tanveer handed Louis van Gaal a list of players he'should' sign. Tanveer suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy. Dutchman reads out names of Mats Hummels, Nathaniel Clyne, Paul Pogba, Gareth Bale, Memphis Depay and Jackson Martinez. 'You are smart, and a very cheap manager,' says Van Gaal.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the Emirates Stadium. Jose Mourinho started without an orthodox striker for the first time this season. Oscar, Willian and Eden Hazard played behind Didier Drogba in a 3-4-3 formation. The trio have an element of fantasy about their game but Mourinho wants function. Willian was exceptional for his manager, pestering Arsenal midfield when the Blues were without the ball.
Qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the USA in the executive committee ballot. Much of this outlay was on goods and services for Qatar  including aerospace orders, a football club, sponsorship agreements, land and general exposure. There were also millions of cash payments made to a huge range of football officials from secret slush funds controlled by Qatars executive committee member Mohammed bin Hammam.
Mondrian dress, £220, josephribkoff.com. Floral print skirt, £109, fennwrightmanson.com. Sandals, £34, office.co.uk. Aurora crystal earrings, £54, qvcuk.com and Ray-Ban sunglasses, £135, Amazon. com.
Manny Pacquiao appeared in hilarious Foot Locker advert ahead of Floyd Mayweather fight. Pacquiao joked about possibility of facing Mayweather in November advert. Foot Locker have released a follow-up where he acts as if he is not aware he has actually signed a deal to take on Mayweather. Tickets for the Las Vegas mega-fight sold out within 60 seconds on Thursday evening.
Edinson Cavani has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Louis van Gaal prefers to work with younger players and may have been put off by Radamel Falcao's loan spell at Old Trafford. Cavani hasn't scored as many goals as he should have done in the French league. PSG lost 2-0 (5-1 agg) to Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals.
New England Patriots beat Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win Super Bowl XLIX. Patriots visited the White House to meet President Barack Obama on Thursday. But there was one notable absence from the Patriots squad who visited. Quarterback Tom Brady was absent from the visit due to 'prior family commitments' Brady has met Obama before in 2005 when he was a US Senator.
The Apple Watch Sport model has an Ion-X glass display that is supposed to be'resistant to scratches and impact' It has 'high performance' rubber straps and the screen is held in an anodised aluminium case. When tester dropped the watch not aiming at the display, in a test conducted in Sacramento, California, it survived unscathed despite a nasty crack noise when the timepiece hit the pavement. But when the watch was dropped so the display hit the floor first, the screen shattered with beads of glass seen on the ground after impact.
Adam Federici is due to marry girlfriend Micaela Gardner in Florence on May 30. Had Reading reached the FA Cup final it would have clashed with Federici's wedding. The 30-year-old was left in tears after fumbling Alexis Sanchez's effort to give Arsenal a 2-1 victory in Saturday's FA Cup semi final at Wembley. Federici is expected to start for Reading against Birmingham on Wednesday.
Philippe Coutinho fired Liverpool ahead with a smart chip. Chrisitan Benteke equalised for Tim Sherwood's side at Wembley. Fabian Delph fired Aston Villa into the lead with a solo effort. Jack Grealish impressed on his FA Cup debut at Wembley Stadium.
Xavi made his 148th Champions League appearance against PSG on Tuesday night. Midfielder also set the record for the most knockout stage appearances in the competition. Barcelona beat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp to book their place in the semi-finals. Iker Casillas can equal Xavi's total in both Champions League games and knockout matches if he plays against Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night.
Jose Mourinho's Chelsea team have settled into a settled back seven this season. Mario Balotelli failed to impress during Liverpool's 0-0 draw with West Brom. Mauricio Pochettino's Tottenham side collectively outran Southampton to earn a 2-2 draw. Nathan Dyer showed Swansea boss Garry Monk what he can do on his return from injury. Robert Huth was Leicester's best defender as they scrapped out a 1-0 win at Burnley.
Watford secured promotion back to the Premier League on Saturday. The Hornets beat Brighton 2-0 at the Amex Stadium in the early kick-off. Slavisa Jokanovic's side will return to the top flight for the first time since 2007. Defender Tommie Hoban has called the club's promotion an 'unbelievable achievement' Odion Ighalo insists Watford are well-equipped to stay in the top division.
EA Sports have revealed the first gameplay details for their latest golf game EA Sports Rory McIlroy PGA Tour. McIlroy replaced Tiger Woods as the cover star for the EA Sports series this year. The game is due out on July 16 and features a number of new features, including various gameplay styles as well as enhanced ball physics.
Border gate at Border Field State Park in California was briefly opened for Children's Day, a Mexican holiday that celebrates youngsters and family. Men, women and children living in the U.S. were reunited with deported relatives after steel gate to Mexico was temporarily opened on Sunday. Many of the families were separated when relatives were deported to Mexico after living in US without documentation. Event was organized by Enrique Morones, founder of non-profit organization Border Angels, to draw attention to broken immigration system.
Jason Denayer is currently on a year-long loan at Celtic from Manchester City. Belgian defender has been in impressive form for the Hoops since joining on loan. City want Denayer to spend next season in the English Championship. John Guidetti faces disciplinary action after singing an allegedly 'offensive' song about Rangers.
Lewis Hamilton makes his big screen live-action debut in Zoolander 2. The F1 world champion was spotted on the Rome set for the comedy sequel. He was sat front row with Olivia Munn and chatted in between takes on Friday. Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson return as Hansel and Derek in the follow-up to their 2001 hit.
Actor Chris O'Dowd's three-month-old son was frisked while passing through security. Staff at Gatwick Airport also threw out the child's bottle. The Bridesmaids star lashed out at the airport in a tweet dripping with sarcasm. Came a day after he and his wife, Dawn O'Porter, attended an event in London.
43% of voters think Miliband 'comes across as wanting to win the most' Just 25% think Cameron is hungriest for the job and 13% say neither of them. Just 7% think the PM is enjoying the campaign the most out of all the main party leaders. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon is judged to be enjoying the fight more than anyone.
Karen Danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in Parliament like them. She said Parliament needed people like her to bring it back down to reality The 31-year-old said she had rebuilt her life after being shattered as a child. The Labour councillor became a hit on Twitter after posting provocative photos of herself.
Motherwell have vowed to go to battle with the SPFL over free entry to the Premiership play-offs for season-ticket holders. The SPFL are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs. Motherwell are set to win backing from Championship promotion challengers Rangers and Hibernian. Alan Burrows told Sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th.
London Borough of Barking and Dagenham will become first in UK to introduce scheme. Dog owners will be asked to submit a DNA sample from inside of their cheek for testing. Will then use stored information to match the animal with any errant mess found on the streets. The council will issue the owner with an £80 fine for failing to clean up after their pet. Similar schemes in the US have reduced dog fouling by up to 90 per cent.
Philip Dunning 44, from Bo'ness, West Lothian, made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours. After hitting the jackpot in Saturday night's Lotto, he went in for his 4am shift at Caledonia Produce the next day and told his boss he was quitting. His partner Gina Meikle, 45, who also worked there, did the same.
Real Madrid face Almeria in La Liga clash at the Bernabeu. Carlo Ancelotti has made nine changes to the side that beat Barca 5-0 at the Nou Camp. James Rodriguez opens the scoring for Real Madrid with a stunning left-footed volley. Cristiano Ronaldo has two shots for the hosts but neither is enough to trouble the visitors. Almeria have won two of their last three matches and sit just above the relegation zone.
Saskia scored an impressive 87 per cent in the test. She got double marks for some questions and got a few points for creative answers. Her boyfriend was impressed and said he would not be ditching her if she failed. Twitter users hailed the boyfriend as a 'legend' and fellow football fans were impressed. But some felt the boyfriend had taken things a bit too far.
Ousman Jatta, 45, married wife Beryl, 88, in Gambia 13 years ago. They moved back to the UK when she became ill with dementia in 2006. Mr Jatta took her to a care home while he went to Africa for three weeks. But when he returned he was told social services had intervened and ruled she could not go home with him. He has threatened to go on hunger strike unless Bristol City Council hand over his wife.
Ronald Butcher left his entire £500,000 fortune to Daniel Sharp when he died. The builder became friends with Mr Butcher after clearing his gutters for free. But Mr Butcher's family and friends claim that the will, drawn up two months before his death, is invalid. They say that Mr Sharp is lying about being friends with the 'private and quiet man' Mr Sharp says he did not attend the pensioner's funeral to avoid upsetting anyone.
Indonesian attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo praised the firing squad that executed Bali Nine pair Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. He said that 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution. The Indonesian official declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country. Mr Prastyo dismissed Australia's withdrawal of its ambassador as a'momentary reaction' Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Australia will withdraw its ambassador to Indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions.
Goncalo Amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary. He claimed the couple were involved in their daughter Madeleine's disappearance. Lisbon court agreed he should pay Mr and Mrs McCann ¬250,000 (£179,000) each in damages. Also banned further sales of his book The Truth Of The Lie. Madeleine was three when she went missing from her family's holiday apartment in Portugal.
Ronaldo Brown has signed for League One club Oldham Athletic Bilbao. The 16-year-old is named after Brazil's former striker Ronaldo, not Cristiano Ronaldo. Brown also has a twin brother called Rivaldo and a sister called Trezeguet. His mother Denise chose the name because of her love of the Brazil side.
Lib Dem Danny Alexander releases details of what he claims are secret Tory plans. Tories 'flatly rejected' the plans, claiming they were drawn up by civil servants. But Lib Dems claim Cameron himself asked officials to examine access to benefits. Vince Cable claims Tories have a 'nasty streak' and will 'chisel away' at workers' rights. George Osborne has promised to cut £12billion from the welfare bill after the election. Lib Dems have vowed to block the plan as the price of any future coalition deal.
Rodrigo Gularte, 42, asked 'Am I being executed?' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on Nusakambangan island. Father Charlie Burrows said he talked to Gularte for an hour and a half late on Tuesday night to prepare him for the executions, but the convicted drug trafficker was confused about his fate. Gularte was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into Indonesia. He was sentenced to death by the Tangerang District Court in February 2005, and spent seven of his 11 years in prison on
Arshdeep Kaur, 14, and her mother Shinder were travelling to visit relatives. Group of men grabbed Arshdeep and made several attempts to'molest' her. But instead of defending them, passengers and bus staff joined in the assault. Mrs Kaur tried to tell bus driver to stop, but he drove faster and faster. As they tried to get off the bus, they were pushed off by passengers and staff. The incident took place on a near-empty bus near Moga, some 50 miles from Pakistani border.
14 soldiers accused of abusing children as young as nine in exchange for food. French president said: 'If some soldiers have behaved badly, I will show no mercy' French defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal. It was made aware of the allegations after it received a leaked UN report last year. The abuse reportedly took place at a centre for displaced people near Bangui airport.
Ba Van Nguyen piloted a military helicopter on his own to save his family during the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. He flew towards the USS Kirk which was too small to allow the helicopter to land, and so he hoovered over as his family safely jumped out. This after Nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed. Nguyen was reunited with the crew from the Kirk in 2009, finally revealing his identity after keeping it secret for years, and awarded an air medal for bravery.
Pema Lama, 15, was pulled, dazed and dusty, from the rubble of a guesthouse in Kathmandu after he became 'pancaked' between two floors when the quake hit on Saturday. He was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an IV drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck. His astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from their house. Five-month old Sonit Awal was pulled from the ruins of his family home after his heart-broken mother
Jeffrey Okafor, 24, is accused of stabbing Carl Beatson-Asiedu to death. The 19-year-old victim had been leaving the Club Life Nightclub in Vauxhall's Goding Street, in London, with a group of friends when a group approached them. Peter Lama, also 19, was stabbed in the buttock while Jermaine Coker was chased by Junior Ademujimi-Falade but escaped. Mr Lama managed to return to the club, where bouncers locked the doors and called the police. Minutes later, Mr Beatson Asied
Javier Hernandez has scored five goals in his last six games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has been restricted to just nine starts for Manchester United this season. United agreed a deal worth around £15million last summer which allowed Real Madrid to first loan Hernandez for the season then buy him outright before other clubs could bid.
Carl Thompson, 32, has put on 30 stone in just three years and is now bed-bound at 65 stone. The former factory worker has always had a problem with food and was caught raiding neighbours fridges when he was three. But after the death of his mother in 2012 he turned to food as a means of coping with his grief. Now he is too heavy to walk or wash himself and is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in Dover, Kent. Mr Thompson spends roughly £200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping.
Five-month-old Sonit Awal was asleep upstairs in the family home when the quake struck. He was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him protecting him from the rubble. Mother Rasmila Awal said she could hear her baby crying from the ruins of her home. During frantic rescue efforts family and friends used their bare hands to try and free Sonit, but without specialist equipment it was impossible. Today mother told MailOnline of her 'overwhelming joy' when rescuers finally arrived and pulled Sonit from the devastation.
Liz Clark, 34, left her home in San Diego, California, to sail around the world. Was given a Cal 40 sailboat by a retired professor who wanted to inspire others. Set off in October 2005, and has travelled 25,000 nautical miles to date. Has visited Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama and the Galapagos Islands. Liz has documented her travels in envy inducing photographs.
Darren Stanton is the UK's top human leading human lie detector and body expert. Appeared on ITV's This Morning to suss out when Philip Schofield and Amanda Holden were fibbing. The former police officer has a background in psychology, micro expression training, and neuro linguistic programming.
Rangers manager Stuart McCall has had to get used to his players being booed. Lee McCulloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against Raith Rovers. McCulloch has made no reference to the incident to McCall and vice versa. Rangers face Hearts at Tynecastle on Saturday.
Ukip leader said he would not give up trying to pull Britain out of the European Union. Rejected claims his party would become'redundant' if voters rejected leaving in a referendum. Claimed the party could enjoy an SNP-style surge in support in the wake of a vote to remain in the EU. Comes after David Cameron, Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg faced live-TV grilling over their plans for the next five years in power.
Ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to continent from North Africa could provide cover for jihadis wanting to do harm. He will warn that if EU agrees to give refuge to migrants it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to Britain. Mr Farage will make his comments in a debate at the European Parliament in Strasbourg.
Nicola Sturgeon warns Ed Miliband he will not be able to pass a Labour Budget. Scottish First Minister says she will be Westminster's king-maker after next week's election. Miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with resurgent Nationalists but said vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table. SNP wants to end Tory-Lib Dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance Britain's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament.
Home Secretary said new legislation is urgently needed to update powers of MI5 and GCHQ. But, based on current polling, Parliament would be left deadlocked with balance of power held by Scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law. She urged wavering Ukip supporters and undecided voters to realise what is at stake for Britains security on May 7.
Anonymous scientist Bionerd visits the Chernobyl exclusion zone, the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on April 26, 1986. Ukrainian scientists say the area isn't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years. Bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital - and is more likely to get skin cancer from swimming without sunscreen. 'If anything, the medical procedures have exposed me to far greater amounts of radiation than Chernobyl ever will'
Charlie Patino has been spotted at Luton Town's academy. 11-year-old midfielder has attracted interest from Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham. Charlie is a season ticket holder at Kenilworth Road and analyses Spanish football. His favourite team is Barcelona and he has been influenced by their style of play. The Patino family will make a decision at the end of the season.
Emma Giffard, 36, and Ollie Halls, 37, from Somerset, bought the cinema for just £1,200 in 2005. They spent £35,000 on restoring the vintage classic with friends in Devon over five years. The vintage is the soul survivor of a fleet of seven and was rescued from a field in Essex where it sat for 14 years.
Kevin Morgan, 55, was injured in a'minor' road accident in Dorset in September 2005. Married engineer suffered whiplash, which developed into chronic pain syndrome and depression. He claims that the accident has left him in too much pain to leave his home regularly. But he has been accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers, Direct Line Group. Mr Morgan was filmed out walking, joking with a builder and fixing light on his car. The court heard that he is in so much pain, particularly in his neck, that he only rarely leaves his house.
Everton held their annual 'Academy Day' at Finch Farm on Tuesday. Players from the under-6 to under-11 age groups joined the Blues' senior stars for a training session. Leon Osman, Phil Jagielka, Ross Barkley and Romelu Lukaku were all present. Roberto Martinez and his coaching staff oversaw games of head tennis and shooting drills.
Only nine per cent of Germans now consider the end of the conflict a defeat. This is a 25 per cent drop in the last decade. Instead, they are exploring the impact of Hitler and the Nazi regime. Findings published 70 years after Hitler committed suicide in a bunker.
Jack Wilshere missed five months of the season with an ankle injury. The Arsenal midfielder is closing in on a return to full fitness. Wilshere posted a photo of his overflowing trolley on his day off on Monday. He asked his 891,000 Instagram followers to help him put it all away. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Ivan Rakitic and wife Raquel Mauri posted a selfie of them relaxing at the beach. Rakitic and Mauri married in 2013 and are expecting their first child together. Lionel Messi has also confirmed that he will become a father for the second time. The Barcelona star shared a picture of his son kissing his wife's stomach.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao fight tickets go on sale on Thursday. Tickets for the richest fight of all time will be on sale at 8pm on Thursday in Las Vegas. The pair are expected to earn at least $180million and $120m respectively. Only a token 1000 seats are going on public sale, priced between $1,500 and $7,500. Super-ringside tickets will be available for $10,000 (£6,600)
Parliament's expenses watchdog launched bid to keep MPs' receipts secret. But Court of Appeal ruled today that it must release all copies of receipts and invoices. Legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published. Case stems from a Freedom of Information request to Ipsa in 2010. Asked for three receipts submitted by politicians in support of their claims. Instead of providing receipts, Ipsa sent back a summary of the claims.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs took Tyga for a tour of the Emirates. The Arsenal duo also gave the American rapper a No 52 shirt with the word 'Kingin' printed on the back. Tyga has been in the headlines for dating the youngest Kardashian sister - Kylie Jenner, 17.
Theo Walcott has been named on Arsenal's substitutes' bench for 17 of their 33 Barclays Premier League games this season. The 26-year-old came on for the last six minutes of his side's goalless draw with Chelsea on Sunday. Walcott will be hoping to make his first Arsenal start since March 14 against Hull City.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in the Fight of the Century on May 2. Motown legend Gladys Knight posted a picture on Twitter with Mayweather. Knight tweeted: 'The champ @FloydMayweather and I! So good seeing you dear! #TheChamp' Mayweather thanked Knight for watching him in the gym earlier in the day.
Lionel Messi posted a picture of his pregnant wife Antonella Roccuzzo on social media. The Barcelona star has confirmed he is to become a father again. Messi and his wife already know they are due to have a baby boy and have a name for him. Their first son, Thiago, was born in November 2012.
Adnan Januzaj turned up at the World Championships in Sheffield on Wednesday. The Manchester United winger turned out for the Under 21 side at Fulham on Tuesday night. Januzaj showed off his skills on a mini pool table at the Crucible. 20-year-old cheered on friend Shaun Murphy in his quarter-final against Anthony McGill.
Andy Murray and Amelie Mauresmo will take a break from each other after Wimbledon. Mauresmo is expecting a baby in August and will be replaced by Jonas Bjorkman. The pair parted company with Ivan Lendl last year because the Czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling. Murray is in Munich for the BMW Open and joined in the 100-year celebrations at the Iphitos Tennis Club on Monday night.
Ukip leader says anti-English sentiment in Scotland is now 'biggest' form of racism in UK. Accuses Alex Salmond of fuelling resentment between English and Scots. Says he is 'astonished' by how little clothing women in Newcastle wear on a night out. But SNP MSP Humza Yousaf hit back at Ukip leader's 'politics of fear and intolerance' He said: 'All Ukip have to offer is nasty rhetoric'
Marouane Fellaini and his twin brother Mansour share a glass of bubbly in Manchester. The brothers were recently the subject of a mix-up involving Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho. Fellaini was told by a hotel doorman that he was not playing against Chelsea. Mourinho had planned for Kurt Zouma to man mark the midfielder all week. Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao tickets were released last week. Only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters, promoters, television networks Showtime and HBO and the MGM Grand. One fan, Ade Adebayo, 34, from Brighton was lucky enough to get a ticket when they were released. Ade and his friends booked their trip to Las Vegas back in December in anticipation for the fight.
Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez have scored 102 goals between them this season. Messi scored twice in Barcelona's 6-0 win against Getafe on Tuesday night. Neymar also netted in the Nou Camp rout to take his season tally to 32 goals. Luis Suarez scored twice as Barca moved five points clear at the top of La Liga.
Roger Federer is preparing for the inaugural Istanbul Open this week. The Swiss star lost in the third round of the Monte Carlo Open to Gael Monfils. But Federer believes Rafael Nadal is still the man to beat at Roland Garros. World No 1 Novak Djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and has won three Masters titles.
Sir Alex Ferguson spoke to John Parrott over a frame of snooker. The former Manchester United boss believes Cristiano Ronaldo is better than Lionel Messi as he could score for any team. Ferguson has always held a close relationship with the Real Madrid superstar following their six-year spell together at Old Trafford. He also rates Ronaldo alongside Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes as the best players he has managed.
Barcelona beat Getafe 6-0 at the Nou Camp on Tuesday night. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar were all on target for the Catalan giants. Neymar posted a photo of himself with his two team-mates in the dressing room. The Brazilian captioned the photo: 'Buena victoria chavaleeeeees.... Daleeee! The phrase translates: Great victory lads... come on!'
Jenson Button completed the London Marathon in under three hours. The McLaren driver was running for the charity Cancer Research. He described the experience as'really really emotional' The 35-year-old praised the 'amazing atmosphere' and collective spirit of the runners.
The BT Sport Industry Awards take place in Battersea on Thursday. Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere and Southampton duo Nathaniel Clyne and Ryan Bertrand were among the sporting stars to attend. Recently retired jockey AP McCoy was presented with his lifetime achievement award by Gunners legend Thierry Henry. Rebecca Adlington, Sam Warburton, David Weir and Carmen Jorda were also in attendance.
Real Madrid beat Almeria 3-0 at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night. Martin Odegaard was named among the substitutes for Carlo Ancelotti's side. The 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game. Odegaard would have become the youngest player in Real Madrid's history if he came on.
Lewis Hamilton took his brother Nicolas out for a spin in his Shelby Cobra. The Mercedes driver took time out from training ahead of the Spanish Grand Prix. Nicolas, 23, will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the British Touring Championship when he competes in the first of five rounds at Croft Circuit in June.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on May 2. The mega-fight is expected to earn at least $300million (£195m) with Mayweather receiving $180m (£117m) Sportsmail's Jeff Powell will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history. Tecate have paid $5.6m (£3.7m) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor.
Robin van Persie scored twice as Manchester United Under 21s beat Fulham 4-1 at Craven Cottage. Holland international opened the scoring for Louis van Gaal's side in the 13th minute. Joe Rothwell followed up Van Persie's opener with two more goals of his own. Stephen Humphreys scored a late consolation for Fulham with a header in injury time. Van Persie has been sidelined with an ankle injury since February and is just returning to action.
Didier Drogba has been awarded the Barclays Spirit of the Game trophy. Chelsea forward set up the 'Didier Drogba Foundation in Africa' The 37-year-old hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in Africa to fall in love with the game. The Ivorian scored the equaliser against Leicester on Wednesday.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side can wrap up Premier League title with two more wins. Didier Drogba hit back at claims that Chelsea are boring with video. Blues players complete a six-man 'bin challenge' at St George's Park.
Video was created by scientists at the New Jersey Institute of Technology. It is the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux 'rope' taking shape on the sun. In the video, twisting groups of magnetic fields writhe around a central axis, and the rope ultimately causes a bright flash - a solar flare - to form. Solar flux ropes are common structures in the solar corona and are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs) Formation of a flux rope can take weeks, but the
Addison Russell, 21, was batting for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field. He was trying to catch up to a fastball and let the bat slip out of his fingers. The bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the home team's on-deck circle in the face. Russell said: 'I saw the dude's glasses fly, and it just wasn't pretty'
Daniel Sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by Kop Kids presenter Paisley. The Liverpool frontman obliged but was left red-faced by the youngster. Paisley sat down with Sturridge to ask him how important dancing is in his lift. 'Dancing is more from my childhood. Where I grew up was a Caribbean area, so dancing was a huge part of my upbringing and music was exactly the same,' said the 25-year-old.
Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather will fight at the MGM Grand on May 2. Top Rank boss Bob Arum says the contracts for the mega fight have yet to be signed. The Filipino's promoter says that the draft contract he received is different to the terms that were agreed. Tickets for the bout have also yet to go on sale. CLICK HERE for all the latest boxing news.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on May 2. Tickets for the mega-fight were expected to be on sale in the first week of April. But with 11 days to go until the bout, nobody has a ticket in their hands. SeatGeek, the world's largest event ticket search engine, is selling briefs for up to $30,000 (£20,000) The venue, the 16,500-capacity MGM Grand Arena, is yet to put tickets on sale. The only ticket you can buy is for the weigh-in - priced at $
Audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel made from water and carbon dioxide. Experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as 'blue crude', which was then refined into diesel. Tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels, or used as a fuel in its own right. It is already being used to power the official car of German minister of education and research Dr Johanna Wanka.
Technology is based on a technique known as 'neuromodulation' This is in which electricity from a chip stimulates the nervous system to restore sight. System is being commercialised by French company Pixium Vision, with clinical trials scheduled for 2016. A surgeon first implants a small silicon chip with 150 electrodes on the retina. When the patient puts on the system's dark glasses, an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer. Pulses activate electrodes in the implant, and the optic nerve carries images to the brain.
Denim queen Bettina Liano is reportedly being pursued for almost $130,000 by the Australian Tax Office. She owes $126,594 in taxes withheld between March and December 2012. 'They're chasing me because I can't afford to pay them, the embattled jeans queen told Daily Mail Australia. Liano's denim empire started in 1986 in Melbourne, but ran into difficulty in recent years. The sister of Real Housewives Of Melbourne's Gina relaunched her eponymous jeans label last year as By Liano.
Patrick Priebe built a working Iron Man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer's palm. The gadget was created by Wuppertal-based inventor, who designs and builds metal laser gadgets to order online. His Laser Gloves and Laser Gauntlet/Arm are available to order in varying wavelengths. In a video, the contraption is shown popping balloons and lighting matches from feet away. Earlier this year, the same German inventor built a laser weapon, inspired by the Gatling gun. A video shows the rapid-fire weapon popping 26
Chelsea won the Barclays Premier League after beating Crystal Palace 1-0 at Stamford Bridge to clinch the title. Manchester City, the Gunners and Manchester United are likely to join Chelsea in the Champions League. Only Liverpool, Tottenham and Southampton are still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four. Burnley and QPR are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table. Bristol Rovers, Barnet and Shrewsbury are relegated from the Conference.
Dutch hosting company TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch. The £2,500 dancers were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker, with their moves controlled by a computer. 'Inspiration Centraal' has so far seen more than 3,500 technology enthusiasts attend.
Nepal received packets of 'beef masala' as part of relief package from Pakistan. The majority-Hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal. Pakistani officials could not be contacted for comment on the incident. A top Nepal government official said: The matter has been conveyed to Prime Minister Sushil Koirala and the intelligence chief. We are also starting an internal inquiry to verify the facts
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on May 2. Mayweather has defended his claim that he is The Best Ever ahead of the mega-fight. He said he respects all the great champions of the past but he feels he has done just as much as Muhammad Ali. There were no apologies from Mayweather for claiming to be greater than Ali.
Thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085°C (1,985°F) This caused jets of molten material to burst from the battery's vent. Footage is the first time the failure of Li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded. It was filmed by Paul Shearing from University College London and the findings are published in the journal Nature Communications. Researchers subjected two commercial batteries, known as Cell 1 and Cell 2, to external heat. They then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe the
Gigantic fireball was captured on camera on Sunday by UK Meteor Observing Network. Footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the Irish Sea. Meteorite came from asteroid in orbit between Mars and Jupiter and could be worth thousands of pounds. Experts believe pieces of meteorite may have fallen to Earth from fireball. Comes after astronomers revealed a meteor triggered the conversion of biblical figure Paul.
Photographer Jessica Fulford-Dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in Kabul, Afghanistan. Skateistan is a non-profit organization that aims to connect youth in Afghanistan with education through skateboarding. 40 per cent of the program's students are female. The girls are able to skate in dresses and other clothing that can be restrictive when playing other sports.
Nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in California. The wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees. It means that regular flaps aren't needed - and it is much lighter. In this image, the technology is visible at the flat 'flap at the base of the wing. Figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent, and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent.
Poppy Smart, 23, claims she was wolf-whistled at every morning for a month. Builders at construction site in Worcester whistled at her as she walked to work. She filmed them and asked police to investigate alleged sexual harassment. But builder Ian Merrett, 28, said she should take it as a compliment and not a complaint. He said: 'Wolf-whistleling is part and parcel of working on a site, it's complimenting a girl' Mr Merrett was jailed for 12 months in 2009 for an unprovoked attack on a train in 2009.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the FA Youth Cup final first leg on Monday. Tammy Abraham and Dominic Solanke both scored twice for the Blues. The 17-year-olds have both smashed the 35-goal mark for Chelsea this season. Solanke could play for the first-team against Arsenal in the Premier League this weekend.
Former boxing promoter, formerly known as Frank, is one of the party's most famous former candidates. She said Ukip supporters should vote Tory to keep Ed Miliband and Nicola Sturgeon out of power. But she praised Ukip leader Nigel Farage, adding: 'You can't knock him' Criticism is a blow for Ukip leader who had hoped Maloney's backing would help to change the party. Mr Farage will today campaign in Hartlepool where he thinks the party has best chance of winning.
Amanda Oleander, 25, is one of the stars of Periscope, Twitter's new live broadcasting platform. Has been 'loved' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched. Ellen DeGeneres is the highest ranking star but is trailing behind Amanda with a mere three million 'loves' Periscope allows people to live-stream video from their phones to their Twitter followers.
The Eshima Ohashi bridge in Japan is the third largest of its kind in the world. It spans a mile across Lake Nakaumi, linking the cities of Matsue and Sakaiminato. The two-lane concrete road bridge stretches 1.7km or just over 1 mile long and has a width of 11.4 metres. At 460m (1509ft), the Sidhue River Bridge in China is the world's highest bridge.
Jimmy White lost 10-8 to Matthew Selt in World Snooker Championship qualifier. White needed two more wins to reach main event at the Crucible. Steve Davis suffered 10-1 defeat by Kurt Maflin in Sheffield on Monday. Six-time world champions Steve Davis also knocked out of competition.
GCHQ unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from Sami al-Saadi, it has been ruled. Lawyer-client communications are generally covered by 'legal professional privilege' to protect privacy. GCHQ has now admitted it intercepted confidential conversations between Mr al Saadi and his lawyer. He has fought a legal battle against the British Government claiming it was complicit in kidnapping him and sending him back to his homeland to be tortured by Gaddafi regime.
Celtic are considering a double raid on Dundee United for John Souttar and Nadir Ciftci. Dundee United sparked a row with supporters when they sold Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven to the Parkhead club on deadline day in January. Jackie McNamaras side have won just three of their 14 games since. The duo are likely to cost Celtic around £1.5million.
Two window cleaners were working at the 101-storey Shanghai World Financial Centre. Their platform was repeatedly slammed into the side of the building in high winds. The incident was filmed from inside the building by an onlooker. At least two panes of glass cracked due to the impact with shards falling on to the street below.
Stanford University School of Medicine scientists believe lab-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours, but also distant metastases that have spread through the body. The research has been hailed a 'tour de force', raising hopes the body's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma, pancreatic, lung and breast cancer. Process relies on the same mechanism as that which causes animals' bodies to reject organ transplants. In both cases, antibodies - molecules that detect foreign substances in the body - trigger the immune system. They bind themselves to proteins from the foreign tissue and alert T
Two were just teenagers, another was a young sapper, one a rookie tank driver and the last was a veteran of jungle warfare. They are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the Legion of Honour in the months to come. The decision was announced by French President Francois Hollande following last summers 70th anniversary celebrations.
Johanna Basford, 32, created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013. Secret Garden has sold over 1.5million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books. Mother-of-one's second book Enchanted Forest has sold out within weeks of its release. Some 226,000 copies were scooped up last month and another 250,000 have been printed.
Celtic were beaten 2-1 by Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Virgil van Dijk gave Celtic the lead with a superb free-kick in the 18th minute. Greg Tansey equalised for the hosts before Edward O'Fere's 96th minute winner. Inverness will face Falkirk in the final in Glasgow on May 30.
Manny Pacquiao has two platinum albums to his name in the Philippines. He also has his own sitcom, Show Me Da Manny, and a game show Manny Many Prizes. His birthday is celebrated like a national holiday, and there is a truce in the civil war to the south of the country whenever he fights. May 3  the date of the Mayweather bout  has already been declared a national day.
Tammy Abraham scored twice as Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in Youth Cup final. Dominic Solanke scored late on to put gloss on the scoreline at the Academy Stadium. Abraham scored 35th and 36th goals of the season for the Blues. Charlie Colkett was man of the match with a rating of 8 after impressive display.
Didier Drogba gave Chelsea the lead just 48 minutes into the second half after Marc Albrighton had given Leicester City the lead. Drogba equalised just minutes later after beating Ritchie De Laet to the ball to make it 1-1. John Terry made it 2-1 with a close-range finish after a scramble in the Leicester box following a corner. Ramires made it 3-1 to Jose Mourinho's side 12 minutes from time with a stunning effort from inside the box that left Kasper Schmeichel with no chance.
Terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres, and handle 45million passengers a year. Designed by British-Iraqi architect Zaha Hadid, it will focus on creating a feeling of space and openness. All the passenger pathways will convene in a central multi-layered courtyard, which will be a meeting place for passengers who have travelled from around the globe.
FA Youth Cup final takes place at Manchester City's Academy Stadium on Monday. The match kicks off at 7.45pm and will be shown live on ITV4. Manchester City have twice lifted the FA Youth Cup - in 1986 and 2008. Chelsea have made the competition their own in recent years and this is their fifth final in six.
Reddit thread focuses on brides from Russia and the Philippines. It has so far garnered more than 10,000 comments from users with fascinating insights. Men reveal what'surprised' them the most when they started living with their spouses. 'She spoke about sex the same way she spoke about housework,' wrote one. Another said: 'I could always tell she was uncomfortable. It seemed like she was just doing a job'
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao's mega-fight is set to become the biggest pay-per-view in sport. In the US, viewers are being charged between $89.99 and $99.99 (£59) to watch the fight while in Britain, Sky Box Office is offering the bout for £19.99. Sports Interaction crunch the numbers to find out who will earn what, the top 10 highest grossing bouts by earnings and whether the event will give fans value for money. Mike Tyson features in four of the top ten highest-grossing fights, ahead of '
Bayern Munich beat Hertha Berlin 1-0 on Saturday to go 15 points clear at top of Bundesliga. Wolfsburg knew only a win against Borussia Moenchengladbach would keep their title hopes alive. But Wolfsburg lost to Borussia Borussia Moenchen 1-0 in the final game of the season. Max Kruse scored a last-minute winner for Wolfsburg to secure the title on Sunday. Pep Guardiola's side have won the Bundesliga for the 25th time in their history.
Heather Mack, 19, avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years in prison. She brutally killed her American socialite mother with the help of her boyfriend in Bali in August and dumped the body in a suitcase. Meanwhile, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were executed by firing squad on Wednesday morning. They were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005. The Bali Nine ringleaders spent 10 years working to reform themselves in prison before their execution. 'Outcomes of the criminal justice system must reflect the seriousness of
Floyd Mayweather Jnr's personal chef has revealed his weaknesses when it comes to food. Quiana Jeffries, aka Chef Q, was brought into Mayweather's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast. A regimented diet is crucial to the champion's training regime and Mayweather demands organic produce, although there are a few exceptions. 'Twizzlers are his favorite,' Jeffries reveals in an interview with New York Magazine. Mayweather's most unhealthy food craving has got to be 'fried hot dogs... with barbecue sauce'
Castello Baronale was built in the 12th century by Pope Urban VIII's nephew, Cardinal Barberini. It was kept in the Barberini family for 400 years, until it was taken by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1800. The castle has nine en-suite bedrooms, a lavish ballroom, library, gym, gym and even a theatre.
Celtic beat Rangers 2-0 to win the Glasgow Cup at Hampden Park. Josh Kerr and Mark Hill scored the goals for the Hoops. Robby McCrorie was at fault for both Celtic's goals. It is the fourth time in eight seasons Celtic have won the cup at the national stadium.
At least five women got into a large-scale brawl that lasted for multiple minutes at a Zara clothing store on Friday afternoon. The fight broke out at a store location in the city's Rittenhouse Square neighborhood. A security guard attempted to break up the fight, but was mostly unsuccessful. Police were called, but all of the women who were involved had fled by the time the cops arrived.
Tammy Abraham opened the scoring for Chelsea in the FA Youth Cup final first leg. Dominic Solanke added a third for the west London side just before the end of the game. Manuel Pellegrini's side were put to the sword by Chelsea at the Etihad Stadium. Abraham and Solanke have both scored 36 goals in all competitions this season. The pair have already won the UEFA Youth League and the Europa League.
Chelsea beat Leicester City 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho's side are 13 points clear at the top of the table. John Terry, Didier Drogba and Ramires scored for the Blues. Mourinho's side face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Sunday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Chelsea news.
The military ID belonged to World War II veteran Cpl. William Benn, who lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on Salisbury Beach. Metal detector enthusiast Bill Ladd found them after a storm last year. Cpl. Benn manned a gun during the 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor and was awarded the Silver Star for shooting down several Japanese aircraft.
Celtic face Inverness in the Scottish Cup semi-final on Sunday. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. The Bhoys are strong favourites to make it four in a row. Deila believes treble success will help attract players to the club.
Brenna Happy Cloud of Salem, Oregon, found herself locked out of her Facebook account last week. For five days she received the same message every time she attempted to log in. Facebook's helpdesk eventually contacted Happy Cloud and asked for proof of identity and even a copy of her social security card. Happy Cloud believes her Native American heritage has been undermined by Facebook's discriminatory policies.
Dita Von Teese is offering burlesque workshops at Canyon Ranch in Tucson, Arizona. Fashion designer and author famous for her raunchy routines will run presentations and classes. Von Teese, real name Heather Renée Sweet, will team up with Catherine D'Lish. Holidaymakers can learn classic moves such as the 'burlesque strut' and strip down.
Gloucester beat Exeter to set up a Challenge Cup final against Edinburgh. Cherry and Whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign. Greig Laidlaw opened the scoring before Henry Slade levelled. Bill Meakes scored off a deft grubber kick from James Hook. Tom Savage, Elvis Taione and Jonny May exchanged tries.
John Terry has scored seven goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 34-year-old scored in Chelsea's 3-1 win against Leicester on Wednesday night. Terry's goal return is better than Manchester City's Edin Dzeko and Arsenal's Danny Welbeck. Radamel Falcao has scored only four goals on loan at Manchester United this campaign. Liverpool's Mario Balotelli and Tottenham's Roberto Soldado have both struggled in front of goal.
Tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice. US scientists used low doses of the drug oxaliplatin, which has a unique ability to activate cancer-killing immune cells in small tumours. Each year in the UK around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease.
Steve Davis and Jimmy White will attempt to qualify for the Betfred World Championship at the Crucible in Sheffield. Reanne Evans is a 10-time ladies' world champion who previously competed on the main tour for the 2010-11 season. Davis won six world titles in the 1980s and rolled back the years with a mesmerising return to form at the 2010 tournament.
Reanne Evans saw her Crucible dream ended by Ken Doherty. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to Evans. Doherty led the calls for Evans to be handed another chance on the main tour, but Hearn says the 29-year-old must go through the qualifying school to earn a place.
Reanne Evans is aiming to qualify for the World Championship. The 29-year-old from Dudley has won 10 women's world titles. She faces former champion Ken Doherty in qualifying at Pond's Forge on Thursday. Evans is hoping to become the first woman to qualify in snooker's top division.
Floyd Mayweather fights Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. WBC have launched a limited-edition jewellery range to mark the mega-fight. Fans will be able to buy one of the 1,000 18ct gold Mayweather/Pacquiao commemorative rings. The two welterweight champions will be given their own unique ring, presented by WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman. There are also commemorative USB pen drives and silver gilt pendants on offer.
Pilots give their insider tips on where passengers should sit to get the best view of their destination on arrival. Sit on the left side of the plane for incredible views of the Grand Canyon stretching out before you. If you are flying into LAX it is recommended to try to get a seat on the right side. Arrive early to secure a left seat for approaching Bora Bora as the planes have open seating.
Harry Davies-Carr, 11, and his younger brother Charlie, 9, starred in the viral clip. The video was originally filmed to send to their godfather who lives in America. However, it quickly went viral, amassing more than 816million views on YouTube. Now the boys, from Buckinghamshire, have given an interview to Newsround.
Leigh Griffiths scored hat-trick as Celtic beat Dundee United 3-0 on Sunday. The 24-year-old has scored 14 goals in his last 17 games for the Bhoys. Former coach Tam Currie says he sees less of Griffiths on the streets of Leith now. Celtic signed Griffiths from Hibernian for £900,000 in January 2014. He was on loan at the club from Wolverhampton Wanderers after a racism row on social media.
Falkirk beat Hibernian 1-0 in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Craig Sibbald scored the only goal of the game in the 74th minute. The Bairns will face either Inverness or Celtic in the final on May 30. Hibernian hit the post twice in the first half through Fraser Fyvie and Scott Allan.
For the 0.01% of the super-wealthy, booking holiday travel is a last-minute scramble. They prefer to take off on a moment's notice and sort out any over-the-top accommodations. Wedding and event planners have helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to Fortune 500 businessmen. Some of the most common requests include access to exclusive events.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday. Justin Bieber has accompanied Mayweather into the ring on numerous occasions. The 21-year-old singer will lead out Mayweather's entourage at the MGM Grand. Mayweather is bidding to win his 47th world title in the $300million bout. Click here for more boxing news.
Manny Pacquiao faces Floyd Mayweather at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas on Saturday. The Filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the world over the past decade or so, facing the likes of Oscar De La Hoya, Ricky Hatton, Miguel Cotto and Juan Manuel Marquez. But it's been a tough road to the top for the 36-year-old from being born into poverty in the Philippines. Pacquiao spent the early part of his career boxing in the Far East before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 against Lehlo Ledwaba
Australian artist Ben Quilty has penned an impassioned message to the Indonesian President in the final hours before his treasured friends, Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, are expected to be executed. Quilty has pledged to become the'most outspoken critic of the death penalty for the rest of my life' The artist has tirelessly led the Mercy Campaigns and organised vigils to appeal for mercy from the Indonesian Government. He has described how the two good men will be a pillar of strength for the others on death row until their last moment.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao arrive in Las Vegas ahead of Saturday's mega-fight. Sportsmail's boxing correspondent Jeff Powell was at their arrivals on Tuesday. The pair will go head-to-head in a $300million showdown at the MGM Grand on Saturday.
Scottish football's relationship with television has become a form of Stockholm Syndrome. Sky and BT Sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of Scottish football. The BBC puts in an estimated £3m a year  for highlights and radio commentaries. Scottish Cup semi-final between Hibernian and Falkirk kicks off at 12.15pm on Saturday. Celtic have played just four home league games at 3pm on a Saturday all season.
From a Lake Garda mansion with a pool overlooking the water to an Antigua retreat with Giorgio Armani as a neighbour, these are some of the most spectacular holiday homes on the market at the moment. For those looking for a charming Provencal holiday home, this four-bedroom villa is the perfect property in the South of France. In Umbria, a stately Italian villa, which was built around a 15th century watch tower, is currently on sale for ¬12 million (£8.6 million)
Stefan Johansen picked up two awards at Celtic's player of the year awards. Celtic midfielder is looking forward to the team clinching the Scottish Premiership title. Ronny Deila's side are eight points clear at the top of the table. Johansen joined the Parkhead club in January last year.
Nathan Allan de Souza is set to join Chelsea from Atletico Paranaense for £4.5m. The 19-year-old is regarded as the next big thing in South American football. Nathan scored five goals for Brazil at the 2013 FIFA Under 17 World Cup in Abu Dhabi. He will join compatriots Willian, Ramires, Filipe Luis and Oscar at Stamford Bridge. Click here for more Chelsea news.
Suzi Cinalli, from The Vital Touch, outlines her six top tips to boost concentration. Massaging your 'third eye', the point between your eyebrows, can help boost memory. Swapping cereal for fish at breakfast can ramp up brain-boosting EFAs and slow release sugars. Keep pumpkin seeds in your desk drawer to provide the recommended daily amount of zinc.
Ken Doherty leads Reanne Evans 5-4 at the interval of their World Championship qualifier. Doherty won four of the final five frames of the morning session after trailing 3-1 at one stage. Evans is bidding to become the first woman to appear in the main stages of the world finals at The Crucible. 128 players are involved in qualifying, including legendary names Steve Davis and Jimmy White.
Coal region and rust belt in the American Northeast, along with the South, have become the most racist areas of the US. Rust belt straddles the upper northeastern US, the Great Lakes, and the Midwest states, while the coal region is found in Northeastern Pennsylvania and the Appalachian Mountains. Map based its results on Google search data  a technique previously used by data scientists to understand how racism may impact Barack Obama's electoral chances.
Floyd Mayweather takes on Manny Pacquiao at the MGM Grand on Saturday. Pacquiao arrived in Las Vegas on Monday night ahead of his showdown with Mayweather. The Filipino had been training in Los Angeles at Freddie Roach's Wild Card Gym. Roach's gym is an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station. Mayweather, meanwhile, has the luxury of training at his own self-titled Boxing Club. Sportsmail takes a look at what is on offer at either facility ahead of the bout.
Judy Murray, 55, doesn't play tennis to stay in shape. 'Because my life is saturated with it,' she says. Instead, she tries anything from dancing, to Pilates, to walking in the hills or gardening. This week she shows you how to get the enviable physiques of the stars.
Emir Spahic has been released by Bayer Leverkusen. The Bosnian international was involved in a brawl with security staff. Spahic was upset that his friends weren't allowed into the changing rooms. Leverkusen lost the German Cup quarter-final to Bayern Munich on penalties.
Robert Lewandowski opened the scoring for Bayern Munich in the 15th minute. The Poland international doubled Bayern's advantage in the second half. Bayern had a goal disallowed for offside before Thomas Muller added a third. Pep Guardiola's men are now just three points behind Eintracht Frankfurt.
Erotic e-book 'A Gronking To Remember' is about a housewife's sexual infatuation with Patriots tight end Rob 'Gronk' Gronkowski. It enjoyed some viral success following its release, which coincided with the Superbowl. The couple featured on the cover are suing the author, who released it under the pen name Lacey Noonan, as well as Apple, Amazon.com and Barnes & Noble for allowing readers to buy the work online.
Alexander Meier will have surgery on his patellar tendon on Tuesday. Eintracht Frankfurt forward tops the Bundesliga scoring charts with 19 goals. Bayern Munich duo Arjen Robben and Robert Lewandowski are also out injured. Lewandowski could win the Bundesliga Golden Boot for the second year running.
Supporters of home team Al-Masry and Cairo's Al-Ahly clashed in February 2012. Clashes in Port Said stadium sparked days of violent protests in Cairo, killing 74 people. An appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court's verdict, which sentenced 21 people to death. Eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today, with their verdicts referred to Egypt's supreme court, the Grand Mufti. The court will make a final decision on their fates on May 30.
Floyd Mayweather is selling t-shirts with the Philippines flag in the background. Manny Pacquiao has a new camera which he points at everyone he comes across. Pacquiao was greeted by thousands of fans as fight week continues in Las Vegas. The Filipino boxer is the underdog going into the richest fight of all time against Mayweather.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran were the ringleaders of the infamous Bali Nine drug ring. They were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of Indonesia in 2005. Both men were from working class families who believed they were stuck in dead end jobs and looked on with jealousy at the flashy lifestyles of others who had girls, money and fast cars at their fingertips. Thirteen years on, the two men, now in their 30s and swearing by their rehabilitation, are now dead. Their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected and the death penalty
Scientists at Haverford College in Pennsylvania say they have spotted X-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs at the galaxy's centre. These are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel. But why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery. Other explanations include millisecond pulsars, rapidly rotating neutron stars or dense magnetic fields. 'This new result just reminds us that the galactic center is a bizarre place,' said co-author Chuck Hailey.
Amal Clooney held a press conference in Washington DC calling for the release of imprisoned former president of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed. Nasheed, the Indian Ocean archipelago's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008, was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month and sentenced to 13 years in prison. Mrs Clooney is part of a high-profile international legal team representing ousted and jailed ex-President Nasheed, who has been bouncing around prisons since his sentencing.
Georgia Davis, 22, has been lifted from her home in Aberdare, south Wales. French doors at the front of the property were reportedly removed to allow crews to winch the morbidly obese woman out of her home using the crane. It is the second time Ms Davis has had to be rescued in such a way. She was once dubbed 'Britain's fattest teenager' and weighed 60 stone at her heaviest.
Southampton lost 2-1 to Stoke City at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Morgan Schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first Premier League goal since September. Mame Diouf equalised for the Potters before Charlie Adam scored the winner. Ronald Koeman's side trail Manchester City by two points in the Premier League.
Morgan Schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury. The midfielder has been linked with a move to Arsenal and Tottenham. Southampton manager Ronald Koeman has admitted that Schneiderlin may leave the club this summer. Koeman also conceded that he may have to consider selling Nathaniel Clyne if he does not sign a new contract.
Liris Crosse, 32, from Baltimore, Maryland, is now a size 18 model (US 14) Despite being a healthy size 10 (US 6), Liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape. Casting reps told her to lose weight and come back in six months. She became her own agent and utilised the urban market to achieve her dreams. Booked top videos with Jennifer Lopez, Jay Z, Puff Daddy and landed film roles. Says she wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams.
Gloriavale, a New Zealand settlement of around 500, has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations. A former member, Miracle, told Daily Mail Australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations. There has been a mass exodus from Gloriavale over the past two years, most recently including a family of 14 in March.
Adrien Broner was pictured with 50 Cent at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn. The pair were watching the Premier Boxing Champions primetime TV event. Danny Garcia Swift and Lamont Peterson and Irish Andy Lee were fighting. Broner called Garcia out, again on Instagram, for a September fight after 'Swift' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a win.
Ray Parlour believes Arsenal should sign Petr Cech in the summer. Cech has made just four league starts for Chelsea this season. Parlour says Arsenal should sell Wojciech Szczesny in order to sign Cech. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
West Ham are top of the Premier League Fair Play table, just above Burnley. If West Ham finish top and England's top flight is within the top three fair-playing leagues in Europe - which it was on last count - they will earn a Europa League place. Sam Allardyces future at West Ham hangs in the balance with his contract expiring in the summer and a section of fans demanding he is replaced at the end of the season.
Andre Schurrle and Mario Gotze attended a charity ball on Saturday. The pair were joined by partners Montana Yorke and Ann-Kathrin Broemmel. Wolfsburg beat Hamburg 2-0 and Bayern Munich beat Eintracht Frankfurt 3-0. Click here for more Bundesliga news.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour. Zlaaatan.com has been created to find information about the Paris Saint-Germain forward. Creative director of SweetPop, the agency that came up with the website idea, Andreas Killander hopes the 32-year-old will find it amusing. The website is linked to Google but all the searches are Zlatanified.
Steve Simonsen served a one-match ban for breaching betting laws. The Rangers goalkeeper placed bets on a total of 50 games over the course of a year. Scottish FA appealed against the ban, claiming it was 'unduly lenient' The SFA's appeal was rejected by an appellate tribunal.
The third day of the trial of James Holmes, accused of opening fire on a packed movie theater in Aurora, Colorado on July 20, 2012, continued on Wednesday. Twelve people died and 70 were injured in the attack. Holmes' defense attorneys want the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity. If convicted, he could be sentenced to death.
West Spruill has been charged with murdering Ann Charle, 36, on Monday evening in the Bronx. The mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. Spruill allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her Honda. Police say he sexually assaulted Charle in her car, but she managed to escape and ran naked down the street. He allegedly chased after her and shot her three times in the head and in her chest.
Move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world's biggest software company. Microsoft still dominates the personal computer market but has failed to get any real traction on tablets and phones, partly because of a lack of apps. New operating system will run on the 'broadest types of devices ever' Various app stores merged into one platform, called the One Store. Return of the Start Menu, which had been removed from Windows 8.
Lucian Faggiano bought the building in Lecce, Puglia in the south of Italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria. But renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked. While attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a Messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago, a Roman granary, a Franciscan chapel, and even etchings thought to be made by the Knights Templar. Eight years after it was meant to open as a restaurant, the building has been turned into a museum.
The Bruno Smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner. Sensors on the front of the bin sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush, turning on a vacuum to suck up the offending mess. Bruno comes with an integrated bag dispenser that sends alerts to a smartphone when the owner is low on bags. It can also send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish. Developed by inventors Jim Howard and Lori Montag, from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
The American Chemical Society in Washington explained the science behind the Avengers in a video. It looks at the composition of Iron Man's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and Captain America's shield. The video also explains the. science behind super-healing abilities. Iron Mans superpowers dont stem from a radioactive spider bite or exposure to gamma rays. They are simply the result of some very clever engineering - and quite a bit of money too.
Some owners of the Apple Watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists. Some dark, vibrant ink seems to cause the watchs heart sensor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings. This is because the heart sensor reads a pulse by measuring light absorption though the skin - a process called photoplethysmography. It is thought that red and green inks reflect light in a similar way and the sensor can't distinguish between the blood and tattoo. Apple has yet to comment on the problem.
The Automated Planet Finder (APF) consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure, and a high-resolution spectrograph. It takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours, splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths. Repeated measurement of a star's spectrum enables astronomers to detect the tiny wobble induced in a star by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet. The new APF facility offers a way to speed up the planet search as it robotically searches for planets every clear night.
David Beckham's 40th birthday is on Saturday, 2 May and he is expected to fly out to Morocco for a glamorous bash. It is thought he will be staying at the five-star Amanjena resort, just outside Marrakech. Tom Cruise, Guy Ritchie, Gordon Ramsay and best friend Dave Gardner are set to attend the event, said to be held at the secluded haven. Victoria and David renewed their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004.
Named Hyperion, the moon's porous surface can be seen in incredible detail in this image taken by Cassini as it performed a flyby of the satellite. Cassini was around 38,500 miles (62,000 km) from Hyperion when the image was taken almost a decade ago. During the flyby, the probe got more than it bargained for as Hyperion unleashed a burst of charged particles towards the spacecraft, delivering a giant 200-volt electric shock.
Fight broke out on Oman Air flight 102 from London Heathrow to Muscat. One man decided to move seats on the Airbus A330 because the plane wasn't full. A fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out. Passengers were forced to intervene and one man was taken away for questioning. Oman Air said cabin crew'managed to contain the situation calmly and professionally'
The FA are prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to Emirates Airlines. The proposed £30million, three-year contract gives the FA the resources to ensure the monies received by the clubs for progressing in the worlds most famous club knockout tournament. Figures range from £1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the £1.8million either Aston Villa or Arsenal will receive for lifting the trophy on May 30. Former Minister for Sport Richard Caborn has branded the deal commercialism gone mad
Master plan to be implemented between 2015 and 2019. Guides and guards will be employed, and security cameras installed. Entrance to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre. Plans have also been agreed for an exit ramp, as well as onsite toilets.
Adidas has partnered with Spotify to create an app that tracks your speed. Called Adidas go, the songs are additionally selected based on the runner's musical interests and listening history. These selections become more relevant the more the app is used. Once a workout is complete, users can review and save their distance, time, pace, as well as see which tracks were played.
James Whitaker's brief reign as ECB head of selectors looks set to end. Yorkshire unhappy with Test squad that Whitaker picked for current tour of the West Indies. FA Cup set to be rebranded as Emirates FA Cup in new £30million sponsorship deal. Sam Allardyce's future as West Ham manager is in doubt as Blackburn Rovers legal letter regarding the end of his tenure at the club does the rounds.
England reached 341 for five at stumps on day one of the first Test in Antigua. Ian Bell and Joe Root put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket to lift England's run rate. Ben Stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play at the Sir Viv Richards Stadium. Jonathan Trott's first Test for 18 months ended in a third-ball duck.
Torin Lakeman, 19, and brother Jacques, 20, died in a pub in Manchester. They had consumed six times the lethal dose of MDMA they had bought online. Bolton Coroner Alan Walsh said he would be writing to Theresa May over deaths. He said it was unacceptable that 'intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way'
Tottenham sold Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for a world-record £85 million in 2013. Chairman Daniel Levy is reportedly planning a new transfer policy for the club. Spurs will buy young players priced between £10-15million with good potential for resale. This strategy would set Tottenham back a decade to a time when they sold stars such as Michael Carrick and Dimitar Berbatov to Manchester United. The only time Tottenham showed real Champions League potential was when they resisted the likes of Chelsea over Luka Modric.
Testosterone doesnt always get a good press. All thats unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone. Yet as Joe Herbert explains, testosterone is at the heart of human life. It begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body. Testosterone drives the competition for females.
Mark Vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with British Airways. He wants us simply to understand his passion for his job, and to share with us many of its more beguiling secrets. It is reassuring, now more than ever, to be reminded that even for experienced pilots air travel can still be an exhilarating, almost magical experience.
Samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year. Apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2m iPhones. Samsung notably launched its flagship Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge phones at the end of the quarter in April, while Apple iPhone sales dipped compared with the stronger holiday quarter.
Anderson Silva met with Brazilian taekwondo officials and will compete for a spot in the 2016 Olympics team. The former UFC champion said he is 'trying to give back to the sport' in which he began his career. Silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test Jan. 9, and also failed a test after his UFC victory over Nick Diaz on Jan. 31.
Eden Hazard and Nathan Ake take on Loic Remy and Willian in Audi's football challenge. Blues' team-mates take on the car manufacturers in a head-to-head competition. Players aim to sink balls into convertible Audi's from long range. Hazard and Ake win the decider to take a 6-0 lead after the first two rounds. Willian and Remy produce a shock win in the final game, but not before Willian smashes a wing mirror.
Peter Schmeichel and Oliver Kahn star in Tipico's latest advert. The two former Manchester United and Bayern Munich goalkeepers face off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades. 'I'm scared of myself! I have to say it was very interesting to wear a mask it was easier to become an actor,' says Kahn after wearing a mask to make him look 50 years older. Click here for all the latest football news.
John Barnes and Jamie Redknapp rap on Sky's upcoming series of A League Of Their Own. The pair teamed up to perform a rendition of The Sugarhill Gang classic Rapper's Delight. Barnes appeared in a spoof sketch of Britain's Got Talent called Britain's Got Sporting Talent. He was supported by two backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd with his rap. Redknapp was joined halfway through his performance by his former Liverpool team-mate.
Robbie Keane was filmed singing Karma Chameleon in a video posted on Boy George & the Culture Club's Facebook page. Boy George, real name George O'Dowd, is a noted fan of the LA Galaxy. The video was apparently filmed during LA Galaxy's day off on Tuesday. Keane, who is sidelined by a groin injury, was in the crowd at the StubHub Center on Sunday.
The House Judiciary Committee passed the USA Freedom Act of 2015 by a 25-2 vote Thursday. The bill would end the NSA's collection of domestic calling records, allowing it to only request them under a court order in terrorism investigations. It would result in phone companies, not the NSA, collecting so-called'metadata' on trillions of phone calls. Similar legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate by. Democrat Patrick Leahy and Republican Mike Lee, but Senate Majority Leader Mitch. McConnell is sponsoring his own bill to extend the PATRIOT Act  unchanged  until the
Angelika Graswald, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of her 46-year-old fiance Vincent Viafore. Troopers have said Viafore, also of Poughkeepsie, was kayaking on the Hudson River April 19 when his vessel flipped over. Graswald called 911 telling the dispatcher she had fallen out of her own kayak. She was later picked up by a boater and treated for hypothermia. Police have yet to find Viafore's body.
Eugenie Bouchard was beaten 6-3, 6-1 by Lauren Davis at the Family Circle Cup. Davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match in Charleston. Bouchard has lost three of her last five matches to lower-ranked opponents.
Fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales. The fossil is known from the well-preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the Caribbean coast of Panama. They indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whales evolution. In contrast modern sperm whales are much larger than their extinct relatives. Find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans.
Nasa has released an image taken by the probe's Visual and Infrared Spectrometer (Virs) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters. The spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet's surface on Thursday 30 April at 3:30pm Eastern Time (7.30pm GMT) When it does, Messenger will be behind Mercury, and hidden from Earth. Launched in August 2004, the probe has traveled more than 4.9 billion miles (7 billion kilometers) during its mission to Mercury.
Bath host Newcastle in the Aviva Premiership on Friday night at Kingston Park. Sam Burgess has been selected in the back row for Mike Ford's side. Burgess has spent the vast majority of his union career at inside or outside centre. The former rugby league star has struggled to make an impact in the midfield since converting to union towards the end of last year.
Jimmy Anderson is closing in on Sir Ian Botham's record for England's leading wicket-taker in Tests. The 32-year-old is playing in his 100th Test match for England this week in Antigua. Reaching 100 Tests as a fast bowler is more about character and the fight in Jimmy than about his skills. Anderson will be sorely missed when he does call it a day.
Chelsea and the Premier League are furious with the BBC for allowing it to be known that the trophy was being displayed on the centre circle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday. Jose Mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating Crystal Palace on Sunday before celebrating. Leicester Tigers are being provocative with their Rugby World Cup planning at Welford Road after England Rugby 2015 chose to stage two tournament matches there. Yorkshire, bankrolled by Colin Graves, are allowing Sky cameras access to all areas for the duration of the season.
Bath fly half George Ford scored the only score of the game in the first-half. The England No 10's solo try was the only try that the West Country outfit managed to register. Ian Madigan kicked six penalties for Leinster as they went 15-5 up at half-time. Bath showed their mettle with a wonderful second-half revival. Lock Stuart Hooper scored his side's second try following a brilliant break from Ford. Madigan kicked his sixth penalty of the afternoon to make it 18-12 to the visitors.
Scientists from the University of Connecticut warned that one in six animals are at risk of extinction, particularly in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem. The bleak study says animals are most at risk in South America, Australia, and New Zealand. Dr Mark Urban studied data from 131 biodiversity studies to come to his bleak conclusions. He proposes that the rate of extinction will speed up in line with rising temperatures. If future temperatures increase by only two degrees compared to pre-industrial levels, the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2%. But if global warming maintains
Instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji last night. But it appears not all emoji hashtags are created equal. When people try to search for the aubergine, or eggplant, emoji using a hashtag on the app, no posts appear - even though there are posts that have been tagged with it. It is believed to be because the emoji is commonly used to represent male genitalia and may be attached to images containing nudity. Instagram told MailOnline it is not commenting on the eggplant anomaly.
Thousands of commuters stranded on trains for up to five hours after power cut in. Power failure at Clapham Junction station in south-west London led to severe delays. 1,200 people evacuated from East Grinstead to Victoria train after it was stuck for four hours. Police boarded stranded trains to hand out water and paramedics were on hand in case travellers, including pregnant women, were affected. At least 338 cancellations and 138 part cancellations that missed stops or terminated before destination.  321 trains were delayed for a total of more than 600 hours across the network.
Efron, 27, pictured on set of Bad Grandpa on Tuesday. FEMAIL looks at how many child stars have grown into stunning adults, and how many haven't. Ryan Gosling, Taylor Lautner, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Macaulay Culkin and Justin Timberlake all made our list.
Bath defeated Newcastle 29-19 at Kingston Park. Sam Burgess made his first start for Bath in the back row. Ollie Devoto, Semesa Rokoduguni, Anthony Watson and Matt Banahan scored tries. George Ford kicked 15 points for the visitors in the first 16 minutes.
Nancy Perry will no longer teach students at Dublin Middle School and will retire at the end of the year, city schools superintendent Chuck Ledbetter announced on Tuesday. Perry is alleged to have told students that Obama is a Muslim and that any parent who support him couldn't be Christian, either. A 12-year-old boy in Perry's class brought the matter to the attention of his father, Jimmie Scott, who complained to the school. Scott said he requested a parent-teacher conference, but Nancy Perry brought along her husband Bill, who sits on the county Board of Education. The pair
Swiss scientists have succeeded in creating 'ghosts' in the laboratory by tricking the brains of test subjects into feeling an unexpected 'presence' in a room. The experiment was so spooky that two participants asked for it to stop. By having signals mixed up in their brains, volunteers were made to feel an 'invisible presence' was behind them. They counted up to four phantoms positioned where no-one was standing. Scientists say the experiment that some people believe to be a ghostly presence is just a trick of the brain.
Perak Mufti Tan Sri Harussani Zakaria issued fatwa on behalf of Prophet Mohammed. Claims a woman can only refuse sex if she is pregnant, pregnant or sick. Says women's right to say no was lost the moment her father gave her to her husband. 'So there's no such thing as rape in marriage. This is made by European people, why should we follow?' Outrageous claim has horrified many in Malaysia, where 3,000 women a year are raped.
Laura Robson has not played since the 2014 Australian Open first round. The 21-year-old has been suffering from a left wrist injury for over a year. Robson is now said to be nearing a return and is targeting the French Open in May. She has been practising in the United States, in Tampa, as she builds up fitness.
James Corden posted a picture with Odell Beckham Jnr and David Beckham via Twitter. The comedian is currently filming late-night talk show Late Late in the States. Both Beckhams, who are of no relation, were pictured in America with the 36-year-old. David Beckham lifted the lid on his son Brooklyn's first date on James Corden's Late Late Show last month.
Sarah Jewell, 25, was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox. Instead she received a letter from the IRS informing her that she had 'died' Jewell's local Social Security office told her that in November 2014 someone had filed her Social Security number as deceased. She said the office implied she would be fine and that 'everything's taken care of' But three months later, her number has yet to be reinstated and she still hasn't received her tax refund, one of her credit cards was cancelled, and her driver's license, which she was meant to renew, now lists her
Pupils from Lostwithiel School in Cornwall were due to visit mosque in Exeter, Devon. Nearly 100 primary schoolchildren due to travel 68 miles as part of an RE trip to learn about different faiths. But 10 pulled out of trip after parents expressed 'grave concerns' over'safety' fears. One mother claimed she 'doesn't want to put her son at risk of being shot' Another said: 'We have grave concerns about the children's safety during the trip due to the horrific events that occur every day' Headteacher said trip would still take place on May 7
Hope is that the videos will help ease confusion, forgetfulness and agitation. Idea is borrowed from 2004 Adam Sandler film 50 First Dates, starring Drew Barrymore. In the film, Barrymore's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss each day. Each day a new video is shown to residents of a care home in Riverdale, New York. Resident Louisa Irving, 94, wakes up each day to a video from her daughter Tamara Rusoff-Hoen. The five-minute video includes stories of happy memories and family get-togethers.
Frank Lampard will join up with parent club New York City in July. The 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances on loan this season. Adrian Heath believes Lampard and Steven Gerrard are in for a culture shock. Liverpool captain Gerrard will join LA Galaxy after 17 seasons at the club.
Manny Pacquiao wrote and recorded Lalaban Ako Para Sa Filipino for his walk-out music when he fights Floyd Mayweather. US talk show host Jimmel Kimmel has performed it on his live show. Pacquiao thanked Kimmel on Twitter and in a video. The boxer will appear on Jimmy Kimmel Live next week.
Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson returns to the UFC after two years with Bellator. The former light-heavyweight champion takes on Fabio Maldonado at a catchweight of 215lb. Jackson admits he has been through a stressful fight to make UFC comeback.
Researchers from the University of Patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers faces, before and after drinking four glasses of wine. Thermographic cameras detect radiation in the infrared range of the spectrum and create images of the radiation, where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas, blue. Many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol, caused by the drug affecting brain chemistry and the circulatory system. They found the temperature of the forehead and the nose is the best indication of a persons drunken state, and built an algorithm to recognise intoxication with 90% accuracy.
Website, called How old do I look, allows people to analyse any image found on Bing, Microsoft's search engine, or upload their own. It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are. The site was able to accurately guess Kim Kardashian's age as 34, but thought 37-year-old Kanye West was actually 38 - while a woman in the background was deemed to be just six.
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in West Texas. The New Shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles (94km) before landing. It was unmanned, but will ultimately take six people into space. While in space, huge windows will give the customers a stunning view of Earth. They'll also have several minutes of weightlessness, before the capsule falls to Earth and lands using parachutes. Ultimately, the flights will enable six people to go to space.
Leeds United lost 2-1 at home to Charlton Athletic in the Championship. Six players pulled out of the squad ahead of the game at short notice. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those who pulled out. Neil Redfearn described it as a 'freakish' set of events. Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked by the club.
Pillars of Creation are one of the most iconic images ever captured by the Hubble Space Telescope. New images produced by the European Space Agency reveal many new details, including a previously unseen jet from a young star. Image, together with data collected by Nasa, suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away - a relatively short time in cosmic terms.
Stuart Broad was dismissed for a duck in England's first innings against West Indies in Antigua. The 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned, but he still produces with the ball. Broad and Jimmy Anderson are an outstanding combination, taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 Tests they have played together. He has an ability to come up with that magic spell, one that changes the whole course of a match as we have seen him do in big Ashes Tests.
Leeds United lost 2-1 at home to Charlton Athletic Bilbao on Saturday. Six players withdrew from the squad before the game citing injuries. Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario Del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani were among those to pull out. Former Leeds captain Trevor Cherry has called for the players to be sacked.
Christina O'Gorman posed for her father, electrical engineer and photographer Mervyn OGorman, back in 1913. The 102-year-old images were taken on the beach at Lulworth Cove, Dorset, when Malcolm was 42. Mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images. They are among a collection of the world's oldest surviving photographs.
Alex Mowatt has scored nine goals for Leeds United this season. The 20-year-old has attracted interest from several Premier League clubs. Hull City sent a scout to watch him during Monday's 4-3 defeat by Wolves. Steve Bruce is keen to bolster his squad with homegrown players in the summer.
Mirco Antenucci, Giuseppe Bellusci, Dario del Fabro, Marco Silvestri, Souleymane Doukara and Edgar Cani all told beleaguered head coach Neil Redfearn they were injured and could not travel to London. Five of the sextet were signed by banned president Massimo Cellino, while Cani's deal was set-up by the Italian before he was banned by the Football League for failing its Owners and Directors Test. Antenucci Tweeted: 'I'm reading a lot bad thing about myself in the last time
The fire at Bradford City's Valley Parade claimed 56 lives on May 11, 1985. Author Martin Fletcher points the finger at the late Stafford Heginbotham, the club's chairman at the time and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes. Fletcher's findings have been published in Fifty-Six  The Story of the Bradford Fire. It stops short of a direct accusation of arson but inferences are clear and he is certain more should have been done to investigate the disaster.
Dundee United striker Nadir Ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper Scott Bain. Ciftci scored a penalty after Greg Stewart had given the hosts the lead. His actions came back to haunt him as The Dark Blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from Jake McPake and Paul Heffernan. It was Dundee's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place.
Absolutely Fabulous stars Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley are set to reunite for a film. Saunders, 56, who plays immature Edina, said she had been 'nervous' about writing the film script. The film will be based in London, with some scenes in the south of France, or in the Bahamas.
Transport for London has removed the posters from the London Underground. Protein World's 'Are You Beach Body Ready?' adverts have caused a huge backlash. More than 50,000 people have signed a petition calling for them to be pulled. The Advertising Standards Authority has received more than 200 complaints. Susanna Reid said she found the advert 'anxiety inducing' on Good Morning Britain.
The FA Cup will be rebranded as the Emirates FA Cup. The deal is believed to be worth at least £10million a year to the FA. Emirates have big money to spend after deciding not to renew their FIFA sponsorship for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. Budweiser, Nike and William Hill have already signed up as sponsors of the Cup.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, from Cheltenham, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine. She fears she will be executed by firing squad and 'just wants to get it over with' Australian Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan, 31, and Myuran Sukumaran, 33, were executed. Sandiford said she'really admired' Chan, who helped her cope in prison. The grandmother said she was 'utterly heartbroken' at the news of the pair's deaths. Reformed drug smugglers Chan and his Australian partner were put to death by firing
Emirates signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in English football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth £100million with the Dubai-based international airline. The deal provided Emirates with naming rights to Arsenal's 60,000 seat stadium and a place on the club's shirt. In December 2012, a new £150m deal was agreed, keeping the partnership together until the end of the 2018-19 season. Arsenal signed a £52m deal with AC Milan in 2010, stretching their sponsorship until 2019. Bundesliga outfit Hamburg have been in partnership with Emirates since 2006.
Michael Bisping takes on CB Dollaway in Montreal on Saturday night. Bisping is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career. He is open to fighting again in Glasgow this July, five years since he last fought in the UK.
Andrei Arshavin and Anatoly Tymoshchuk are out of contract at the end of the season. Zenit coach Andre Villas-Boas says club are not holding talks to extend their deals. Arshavin spent four years at Arsenal between 2009 and 2013, scoring 31 times in 143 matches. The 33-year-old is in his third spell with Russian side Zenit St Petersburg. Tymashchuk joined the club in 2013 after winning the Champions League.
Chad Hurst of Salt Lake City, Utah got the shock of his life when a young man punched him in the stomach after their flight landed on Sunday. Hurst, a former corrections officer, had pulled the young man aside to talk to him about the foul language he had been using on the plane. The young man then sucker punched Hurst, who then grabbed him by the shoulder and brought him to the ground. He then stood on top of him until police arrived on the scene and the man was arrested.
Carl Frampton has been offered £1.5m to fight Scott Quigg in Manchester. Talks between the two super-bantamweight world champions have reached a standstill. Eddie Hearn presented the cheque live on television to Frampton's camp on Tuesday. Frampton's team have until the end of the week to accept the terms of the offer. Quigg is the defending WBA champion and wants to fight Frampton in July.
FC Tokyo president Naoki Ogane claims Chelsea have made an offer for Muto. The 22-year-old scored the winner against Shonan Bellmare last week. Muto says he wants to join a team where he can 'play and develop' Jose Mourinho has admitted that he knows a little about the Japan international.
Charlie Austin has scored 17 Premier League goals for QPR this season. But he is yet to receive an international call-up from Roy Hodgson. Harry Kane, Daniel Sturridge and Danny Welbeck ahead of Austin in pecking order. Grant Holt was unfairly overlooked by Hodgson while playing for Norwich. Austin will probably leave QPR at the end of the season and could be called up.
Fewer than one in three people have heard of UK's biggest cause of food poisoning. Just 32 per cent of UK consumers aware of campylobacter germs and hygiene measures. Many are unaware of key hygiene measures to protect themselves, report says. More than 70 per cent  identified chicken as the main source of food poisoning in UK.
Eleven Australians were apprehended on suspected drug smuggling charges in Guangzhou alone in 2014 - a crime punishable by death. Sydney man Peter Gardner's case has been brought forward by six months. It follows widespread public anger at Indonesia's executions of Australian nationals Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan despite the pleas of the Federal government. One of the few Australians known to be facing death row in China.
Alesha Peterson, 22, went from 145lbs to 127lbs in less than two years. She started working out three times a week in August 2013 after seeing a therapist to help her with her depression. Her workouts include several sets of squats, bench presses, crunches, curls, and planks. On Wednesdays, she works on her back, which she says is her favorite part of her body.
Lil' Chris, real name Chris Hardman, 24, died on March 23 in Lowestoft, Suffolk. Suffolk coroner Peter Dean told inquest that a friend found his body at his home that morning. Paramedics and police were called but attempts at resuscitation failed, coroner said. Mr Hardman's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression. He shot to fame after appearing on Kiss frontman Gene Simmons' School of Rock.
Sandstorms caused havoc in Saudi Arabia last week with a number of flights being cancelled and schools being forced to close. Strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption, which resulted in Dubais skyline almost disappearing. The footage was captured on camera by Mohammed Mohsen and shows the orange cloud engulfing everything in its path. Getting thicker, the cloud becomes darker and is it disperses further sunlight becomes drastically reduced.
Amanda Holden, 44, is on the cover of Good Housekeeping's June 2015 issue. She talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as her happy marriage. The Britain's Got Talent judge has two daughters, nine-year-old Alexa and Hollie, three. Her sister Deborah Holden is currently caught in the chaos of the Nepal earthquake.
Alastair Cook and Jonathan Trott were both dismissed for just four runs each on day three of the first Test against the West Indies. Trott was making his first Test appearance for England in 18 months. Cook has gone 61 combined Test and ODI innings without making a century. The pair should both play all three Tests against West Indies before any sort of decision is made.
Khloe Kardashian posted 'Pray for Baltimore' to Instagram on Monday night. While more than 417,000 followers liked the photo, it did not escape criticism. Critics accused her of insincerity, insensitivity and having shockingly racist feelings. She responded by saying she is 'Damned if I do. Damned if i don't. So now it's wrong to pray? What is wrong with some of you guys? Let me pray for YOU'
Michelle Filkins, 44, of West Wareham has been charged with breaking and entering, larceny over $250, and malicious destruction of property. She was discovered at the Court Street property in Edgartown by owner Mark Conklin on April 17. Items missing include four deck chairs from. Crate & Barrel, a Weber grill, two side tables from Ethan Allen, one Ann. Chase lamp, two lamps from Crate & Barrel. Police are asking anyone who received items from the home - including a lamp and a painting - to return them.
Jimmy Anderson took a record 384th Test wicket for England against West Indies. The 32-year-old broke Sir Ian Botham's record for most Test wickets taken by an England player. Both Anderson and Botham are contrasting personalities in the England team. Anderson shuns the limelight, unlike the angry youth we so often see on the field.
The 55-year-old newsman is refusing to go down 'without a fight' as he looks to return to his post on NBC Nightly News, according to a source close to the network. It comes after it was revealed that an internal inquiry found Williams's had lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times. He was suspended in February with no pay for six months after it emerged that he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an RPG over Iraq.
Jordan Spieth became the first American to win the Masters since Tiger Woods in 1997. The 21-year-old held a four-shot lead heading into the final day of action at Augusta. Spieth is the first man ever to reach 19 under par in the Masters. He finished joint-second, along with Jonas Blixt, to Bubba Watson last year.
Alistair Brownlee won on his return to World Triathlon Series action in Cape Town. The 27-year-old had missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury. Brownlee led into transition at the end of the cycling stage but dropped off the leading group after being tripped due to contact with Javier Gomez. Great Britain's Vicky Holland won the women's race on Saturday.
Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year. Van Gaal has led United back into the top four after a difficult start to the season. The Dutchman has single-handedly raised the sinking ship back to the surface at Old Trafford. He deserves a better reception from the English football public based on his career record alone.
Angel Di Maria has a new tattoo of the number seven on his left arm. The 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from Manchester United. Di Maria joined United for a club record £60million from Real Madrid last summer. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Dulwich picture gallery introduced fake painting to its collection in February. Jean-Honoré Fragonards 18th-century work Young Woman was replaced by a replica. Replica was produced in China and ordered over the internet for £70. Visitor numbers quadrupled after challenge was laid down to'spot the fake' But only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited guessed correctly. Curator Xavier Bray said: 'It was a fascinating experiment to test art connoisseurs'
Mauro Vilhete opened the scoring for Barnet in the 25th minute. Vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half to secure the win. Barnet returned to the Football League after a two-year absence. Bristol Rovers, Grimsby Town, Eastleigh and Forest Green Rovers were relegated.
Barnet beat Gateshead 2-0 to win promotion to the Football League. Mauro Vilhete scored a brace to secure promotion to League Two. Barnet will travel to Benidorm on Wednesday to celebrate their promotion. Manager Martin Allen is currently in his fourth spell in charge of the club. Bristol Rovers finished a point behind Barnet in the Conference.
Zenit St Petersburg striker Hulk recently signed a new long-term deal with the Russian club. The 28-year-old acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor Lou Ferrigno who played the Incredible Hulk in the 1970s television show. Hulk has netted 15 goals in 33 appearances for the Russian giants in all competitions at present.
Demetrious Johnson beat Kyoji Horiguchi to retain his UFC flyweight title. The American beat his Japanese opponent in the Bell Centre in Montreal on Saturday. Johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time. Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson beat Fabio Maldonado to win his first UFC fight since 2011.
Diddy and Mark Wahlberg placed a bet of $250,000 on Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao. The rapper originally suggested a $100,000 wager, before being raised by the actor. Adrien Broner has also revealed he will be putting down $10,000 for a Mayweather-Pacquiao stoppage. Las Vegas mega-fight is expected to gross over $300million this weekend.
Manchester City lost 4-3 to Manchester United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ricky Hatton wants 'the old City back' and Noel Gallagher says there is 'apathy' towards the Champions League among the fans. Manuel Pellegrini's calm was needed after the Roberto Mancini reign ended with a fractured dressing room, and an FA Cup final defeat at the hands of Wigan Athletic. City need to stop pussy-footing around and drag the fans into the modern game. They don't go for the great players anymore, they're not in that market.
England have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous World Cup appearances. Toni Duggan has scored 11 goals in 16 games for her country so far. The Manchester City striker has recovered from a serious knee injury earlier in the year. Duggan scored 10 times in England's World Cup qualification campaign.
Jamie Vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance against West Brom on Saturday. The Leicester striker scored the winner to keep their survival hopes alive. Two years ago Vardy was being hammered by Leicester fans who thought he was useless. Nigel Pearson and his staff pulled him through a tough time at the club two years ago. Vardy is not world class or England material yet but he is in the team on merit.
Tottenham Hotspur currently sit sixth in the Premier League table. Mauricio Pochettino's side would qualify for Europa League next season if they finish in top six. Christian Eriksen says Spurs will struggle to attract top-class players if they miss out. Tottenham have been linked with Marseille's Florian Thauvin and Dynamo Kiev's Andriy Yarmolenko.
Andriy Yarmolenko has been in superb form for Dinamo Kiev this season. The Ukraine winger tormented Everton in their Europa League tie last month. Paris Saint-Germain have warned Manchester United off Angel di Maria. PSG have an interest in Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba and Mario Balotelli.
Alastair Cook has been working on a new, more open stance with Graham Gooch. But in the first Test against the West Indies, he appears to have overdone it. The picture below shows Cook playing against India at Lord's in 2007 with a near perfect stance. His front foot is slightly open but not too far past the line of leg stump.  Compare that to the other picture from last week, in which his foot is far too open.
Tiger Woods tees off on the first tee at the Masters at Augusta National. The 14-time major champion was playing with playing partner Rory McIlroy. Woods struggled to find a preferred landing area until the 13th hole. This was the Masters that Tiger Woods was advised to miss. Jordan Spieth won the tournament by seven shots on Sunday.
Tottenham are tracking Dynamo Kiev forward Andriy Yarmolenko. Mauricio Pochettino has admitted his scouts are already working on targets. Paris Saint-Germain are also interested in the 25-year-old. Everton winger Kevin Mirallas is also on the White Hart Lane radar.
Hugo Lloris is wanted by Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain. Daniel Levy is known to drive a hard bargain when it comes to big money transfers. Spurs are determined to keep their No 1 and will demand a sky-high price for him. The current world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper is the £32.6m Juventus paid Parma for Gianluigi Buffon in 2001.
Dimitar Berbatov believes Monaco can reach Champions League semi-final. Bulgarian striker insists a place in the last four is within their reach. Monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in Turin last week. Leonardo Jardim's side trained on Tuesday ahead of Wednesday's clash at Stade Louis II.
Olivia O'Neil, 15 months, imitated her mother's walk in a 15-second clip. She arches her back and pushes out her belly while strutting around the room. In the background her father can be seen mimicking the walk with her.
Osman Yaya from Bennett Middle School in Salisbury, Maryland, was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded when answering a question about how to avoid writer's block. 'Yeah. I think you've sort of covered everything about that question,' he said as the audience laughed. Obama was at the Anacostia Library in Washington for a 'virtual field trip' with students to promote initiatives to make free e-books available to low-income students.
Mazzy, who suffers from Spina Bifida, was on board a Southwest Airlines flight over the US when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday. Mom Brein Bjorson Marzano was flying with Mazzy and her other daughter Birkly from Tampa to Pittsburgh on their way home from vacation. The crew fashioned Mazzy a birthday cake made from toilet paper and a princess crown out of pretzels.
Tottenham have held further talks with Marseille over a potential deal for Florian Thauvin. The 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend's game with Metz. Marseille are already resigned to losing Andre Ayew and Andre-Pierre Gignac with English sides keen on both.
Uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast. At first the driver lets the radio play before he begins singing along to the Pavarotti song. He then begins singing loudly so that he is audible above the radio and the sounds of the road. Passengers are amazed as they film the driver who sings along word perfectly.
The incident took place in Olani village, four kilometres from Manpur, in central India. Bystanders could be heard screaming as the leopard stood at the feet of the ward. He managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated. The ward did not suffer any serious injuries as a result of his death-defying encounter.
Baron the German Shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago. In the footage, the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat. He then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself. Once he's finished, he puts down both the  toilet seat and flushes before running out.
Bailey Murrill, of Denton in Texas, had been inexplicably paralyzed for 11 days. She had regained feeling and movement in her legs and was being cared for in hospital. Her favorite nurse came to visit her and she decided to surprise her by getting out of her chair. The nurse screamed with joy and then burst into tears as she hugged and hugged her patient. Video was filmed by Bailey's mother Becky Murrill to capture the moment her daughter surprised her.
The clip was created by the Make it Fair Project to highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like Hollywood. In 2014, 'only' 88 per cent of box office hits featured a man in the leading role. The women also point out that 'only 70 per cent' of speaking roles in films are also given to men, and women 'get to be naked' twice as often as men do.
Liam Sandham, of Fleetwood, films his unsuspecting friend in a van. The plasterer films himself and the vehicle's wing mirror through a magnifying glass. He then films his friend, who sits in the passenger seat and looks at his phone. A beam of sunlight can be seen dancing on the man's knuckles. Liam then unleashes an explicit tirade on his work friend.
The video was uploaded to YouTube last week by Raymond Yeung and claims it was captured in the Shenzhen Reservoir in China's Sand Bay. The clawed creature - which some say is a rare bear - can be seen aggressively biting through the cage with a visibly bleeding mouth. It can also be seen ripping the metal wire apart with its limbs. Some internet users claim it depicts a mythical 'water monster' from Chinese folklore. Others claim it is a diseased Malaysian Bear which is suffering from alopecia, a disease which causes baldness.
Children blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women. Children move tentatively along the row, taking hands and touching hair and faces. Each child eventually locates their own, throwing their arms around them in recognition. The video was released to celebrate Australian and US Mother's Day.
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child's health at risk, scientists claim. They say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk. This could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life. Milk is the main source of iodine in the British diet. Switching to organic may have a significant impact on health, they warn.
Shibu Inu and husky feature opposite one another while conversing at an American Kennel Club centre. One of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound before opening its mouth. The pup then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky begins to whine. People standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as they film the dogs.
Snowboarder was enjoying the slopes in the country's Chiisagata District. He is decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm's length. The man begins his descent of the mountain and a skier can be seen just in front of him. Weaving down the slope, the snowboarder initially appears to make a success of the video. But then an empty chairlift appears out of nowhere and clatters him over the head.
Harley Jolly, Tyson Barr and Nic Roy  known collectively as Slide Christchurch  videoed themselves descending Dunedins Baldwin Street. The street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the Guinness Book of Records as the world's steepest with a 35 per cent gradient. Jolly stated that judging by the faces of onlookers the group managed to hit speeds of over 60mph.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon. But with less than 100m to go, Pepiot slowed down to celebrate his victory. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, allowing Simon to pass him. Simon beat Pepiot by a tenth of a second, winning by around 15 seconds. Pepiot has vowed not to get cocky again, saying: 'I'll make sure it's the last time'
Saskia, 17, aced the 'Arsenal exam' given by her boyfriend with a score of 43.5 out of 50 or 87 per cent. She posted excerpts of the exam on Twitter with the message Boyfriend made me take an @Arsenal exam. The post has since been retweeted 9,600 times, almost five times for each of her 1,900 or so followers, with widespread congratulations coming from Gunners fans. 'Well done, Saskia. As a result, I will not be dumping you [lucky you], he wrote in red pen
Sam the German Shepherd was filmed at home in Pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch. Footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen. He keeps repeating the same action before finally giving up and pulling a big yawn.
Michael Bisping beat CB Dollaway on points on Saturday night in Montreal. The Manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to Luke Rockhold last year. All three judges gave him the nod by a score of 29-28. Bisping also confirmed he would relish a UK return on July 18 in Glasgow.
Carol Bennett-Chevereau from Quebec, Canada, filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases. But footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free. He is seen desperately pedaling his back legs through the air with the rest of his body trapped.
The footage was captured at a birthday party in China's Sichuan Province. The woman holds two people on a plank of wood and starts lifting them up and down with her legs. She holds the people - who weigh nearly 660lbs - for quite some time before the plank is removed.
Mesut Ozil took to Instagram to show off his new Apple Watch on Thursday. The 26-year-old compared his gadget to former TV character Michael Knight from the hit action show Knight Rider. Ozil is expected to start for Arsenal against Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday.
Chris Smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at Manchester United. The 25-year-old had been linked with a move to Arsenal. Smalling has made 147 appearances for United and won two Premier League titles during his time at Old Trafford. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
UFC light-heavyweight Jon Jones is wanted as a suspect in a hit-and-run accident. Albuquerque PD spokesman Simon Drobik said the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman. The pregnant woman was taken to hospital with 'non life-threatening injuries' If Jones is found to have caused the accident, he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman.
Pele and Franz Beckenbauer were reunited in New York on Friday afternoon. The pair played for New York Cosmos together in the 1970s, before the club went bankrupt. On Friday, the pair turned the Empire State Building green to celebrate the start of the new North American Soccer League season. Pele was asked which of Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player of all time, and chose Messi.
Hashim Amla has signed a short-term contract to play for Derbyshire. The 31-year-old will play three T20 Blast matches and two LV= County Championship matches. Amla has been recruited to replace Martin Guptill after the New Zealander was called up by his country for the Test series against England.
Baron the German Shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in California. Footage shows the pup reaching up and grabbing rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink. To date the clip of Baron dishwashing has been watched more than 27,000 times. Baron was professionally trained at the Hill Country K9 school.
Photographer Anna Erickson visited a parking lot in Seattle's SoDo area, where she met a group of homeless men living in RVs. John Warden, 52, has been living in his $200 vehicle for years after his apartment burned down. Bud Dodson, 57, watches over the lot in exchange for a spot, while John works as a panhandler at Safeco Field stadium.
Allan Donald has served as South Africa bowling coach since 2011. The 48-year-old former Test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team. Donald said: 'The last four years have been the best of my life, and being involved with the Proteas in the 2015 Cricket World Cup was a goal I had set my sights on'
Double Olympic champion Mo Farah will step down in distance for Diamond League event. The 32-year-old will compete over 1,500m for the first time since 2013. Farah will join Jessica Ennis-Hill and Greg Rutherford at Anniversary Games. All three won Olympic gold medals on the same day three years ago.
Researchers at the University of Washington studied the telerobot Raven II. They found that robots designed for surgery could be 'easily' hacked in to. This is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working. During the experiment, an operator was asked to move blocks onto different pegs with the robot, but when the 'hackers' took control, the task proved difficult - or impossible. The researchers note that while their test applies only to Raven II, other surgical robots that use similar teleoperation were likely also at risk.
Jia Jiang spent 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected, film them and put them up on his blog. On day one, he went up to a security guard and asked if he could borrow $100. The security guard said no, and Jia almost broke into a run to get away. But as he continued his quest, Jia realised there were ways and ways of asking. Show confidence, inject a little bit of humour, be willing to negotiate.
Audi TT Roadster 2.0 TFSI S line Quattro (230PS) Price as driven: £54,180. Acceleration from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds. Interior of manual version of the Audi soft-top can be seen here.
Cui Hongfang, 73, died after she was knocked over at the Great Wall of China. The 38-year-old Canadian woman, identified by Chinese media as Debra Fortin, has agreed to pay compensation to the victim's family. Her husband said she fell down the stairs after the tourist was 'rushing down a steep set of steps' Police ruled the accident an accident and said no criminal charges would be laid.
Jimmy Abdou and Magaye Gueye scored either side of half-time for Millwall. Wigan's Martyn Waghorn was sent off in the 53rd minute for a senseless kick on Dan Harding. Jason Pearce was also sent off for a dreadful tackle on Aiden O'Brien as tempers flared. Ed Upson was also dismissed for his reaction to a foul on Millwall's Ed Upson. Gary Caldwell's men are now just four points clear of the relegation zone.
Benik Afobe scored the only goal of the game in the 25th minute to give Wolves a 1-0 win. Wigan's James McClean was sent off in injury time for a second bookable offence. The Latics are now on the brink of relegation and face Brentford on the final day of the season. Kenny Jackett's side are just a point outside the top-six as a result.
Sarah Weatherill, 31, from Coventry, became addicted to Red Bull in 2009. The law student drank 24 cans a day and spent £5,460 a year on the energy drink. Became lethargic, depressed, had heart palpitations and was constantly anxious. Was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine. After seeing hypnotherapist she claims she has been cured of her addiction. She said: 'I am convinced I won't have another can - I feel like a different person'
Michael Essien's £75,000 Range Rover Vogue has been stolen from his driveway. Burglars targeted the property in Cobham, Surrey, where Chelsea's training base is based. Two other vehicles, a Mercedes and a BMW, were stolen from a neighbour on the same day. Essien left Chelsea to join AC Milan in January 2014 after eight successful seasons at Stamford Bridge.
Thierry Henry believes Arsenal need to buy four players in order to challenge for the Premier League title next season. Arsene Wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 campaign. Petr Cech looks set to leave Chelsea after losing his No 1 spot to Thibaut Courtois. Bernd Leno, Mattia Perin, Aleksandar Dragovic, Aymen Abdennour and Hector Moreno could all be targets for the Gunners. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab 'a large handful of cash' from the car, witnesses told police. According to police, the accident occurred in southeastern Albuquerque just before noon on Sunday local time when the driver of a rented SUV jumped a red light. The driver, whom an off-duty officer identified as Jones, ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again, police said. Officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as MMA and rental car documents in Jones' name, according to the
Suge Knight was punched a number of times during the deadly confrontation, but close-ups taken by detectives show he only had a slight black eye. Another photo of the 49-year-old after he was detained was released by the court. Images were released along with key pieces of evidence as the court was shown footage of the deadly incident in Compton on January 18 for the first time. Superior Court Judge Ronald Coen reviewed the items before determining Knight, 49, should stand trial on murder, attempted murder and hit-and-run charges.
Javier Hernandez has scored four goals in four games for Real Madrid. The striker is on loan from Manchester United. Carlo Ancelotti will decide on Hernandez's future at the end of the season. Real face Almeria at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night.
Javier Hernandez has scored three goals in his last two games for Real Madrid. The 26-year-old has one year left on his Manchester United contract. Carlo Ancelotti said he will take stock of his situation at the end of the season. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Petra Wetzel, 40, is a divorcee who lives in Glasgow with her son, Noah, nine. She set up her own business, the WEST brewery, in 2006. WEST Brewing Company opened in March 2006, just eight months after Noah was born. Her flagship beer, St Mungo lager, is stocked in 100 branches of Waitrose in the UK. The Mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch.
Randy Boehning, a 52-year-old Republican from Fargo, North Dakota, has a 10-year history of voting against pro-gay rights laws. Boehning was outed this week for using gay hook-up app Grindr by a gay man in Bismarck named Dustin Smith, who recognized him from the Grindr handle Top Man! The public official claims his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays. 'That's what gay guys do on gay sites, don't they
AP McCoy will race at Sandown on Saturday for the last time before he retires. The jockey has 4,357 winning memories to his name. Eddie Arcaro had 4,779, including five Kentucky Derbys. McCoy will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
The rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $10 million to $5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder. But his lawyer said he believes Floyd Mayweather will come to his aid this weekend. Mayweather, an undefeated professional worth $420 million, is set to land a record pay check after going head-to-head with Manny Pacquiao on Saturday.
100-year-old Michael Juskin allegedly killed his wife Rosalia, 88, with an axe while she slept before he committed suicide with a knife on Sunday night. A relative discovered the bodies on Monday morning. Prosecutor John L. Molinelli said the couple had a 'history of domestic issues' but that a motive had not yet been determined. Dorota Biskup, 42, said police had been to the couple's home a few times in recent years.
Former super middleweight champion Nigel Benn is back in the ring. The 51-year-old looked as sharp as ever as he joined in pads session with Ricky Hatton. Benn landed a series of punches, including one that saw Hatton's glove fly off. Hatton is now a boxing trainer and could train Benn's son, Conor.
Cournswood House is in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of North Dean, Buckinghamshire. It is the former home of WWII cryptographer and Enigma codebreaker Dillwyn Knox, who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943. The current owner, Sharon Constancon, is related to the Leon family who once owned Bletchley Park. Dillwyn Knox led the team that made the first breaks into the code Germany was using and encouraged Alan Turing  the subject of The Imitation Game  in his work there.
Blaine Boudreaux, 34, has been charged with intoxication manslaughter, intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death in connection to at least three separate DUI collisions. Joshua Medrano, 6, who was a passenger in the sedan, was fatally injured. His mother, Cynthia, was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones. Several hours earlier, according to police, the 34-year-old man struck and killed homeless man Leonard Batiste walking along Texas 5 Spur near the University of Houston. The homeless man's body was not discovered until Monday afternoon.
The codpieces used in the hit BBC drama Wolf Hall were too small, according to an expert. Cambridge academic Victoria Miller said they should have been double the size. This is one of a number of inaccuracies spotted in the adaptation of Hilary Mantel's books. Mark Rylance, who played Thomas Cromwell, blamed there diminutive size on a 'directive from our American producers' The show has come under fire for historical inaccuracies in the past.
Micah Richards is out of contract at Manchester City at the end of the season. The 26-year-old is currently on loan at Serie A side Fiorentina. Defender has been frozen out of Manuel Pellegrini's plans at the Etihad Stadium. Richards is set on a return to the Premier League this summer. Aston Villa, Southampton, Everton and West Ham are all interested in signing him.
Nicholas Tooth, 25, was playing for the Quirindi Lions against the Narrabri Blue Boars in mid-north NSW on Saturday. He collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent's shoulder during a tackle. The young man was airlifted to Newcastle's John Hunter Hospital in a critical condition but died in hospital late on Sunday. Tributes have poured in for the young man, who has been remembered as a 'great bloke' by friends.
Paige VanZant takes on Felice Herrig in New Jersey on Saturday night. The pair had to be separated during the traditional weigh-in in Times Square. VanZant is bidding to become the youngest-ever UFC champion at the age of 21. She made her UFC debut in November last year, stopping Kailin Curran in the third round.
Mel Greig has penned an open letter to the media about the royal baby. The former 2Day FM co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the Duchess of Cambridge's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call. In the letter, Greig asks why the media continues to seek fresh angles for stories after seeing the consequences of her mistake. She also asks various media outlets to learn from the tragedy of Ms Saldana's death and to be sensible when it comes to covering the royal birth. 'Respect their privacy, stay away from the hospital and
Paige VanZant dominated Felice Herrig for her second UFC victory. The 21-year-old was declared the winner by lop-sided scores of 30-26, 30- 26 and 30-27. VanZant landed several knees after the opening bell of the first round and never let up. She landed fist after fist to Herrig's face before pinning her against the cage in the third round.
Andy Carroll is currently in Dubai with his pregnant fiancee Billi Mucklow. West Ham striker is stepping up his recovery from knee surgery. The 26-year-old will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club's Chadwell Heath training ground. Carroll had surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against Southampton in February.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. Jose Mourinho has come under fire for his team's lack of possession in the win. But at the end of the season, Chelsea are getting the job done, it's as simple as that. Last season they were seven points clear at the top of the table but fell away after losing at Aston Villa, Crystal Palace and Sunderland. Chelsea's most impressive result during that run-in was a 2-0 win at Liverpool, a game made famous by Steven Gerrards slip. It ended Liverpool's 16-match unbeaten run
Manchester United lost 1-0 at home to Chelsea in the Premier League. Louis van Gaal is starting to assert himself at Old Trafford after a stuttering start. The Dutchman will be judged on his trophy haul at the club at the end of his career. He needs to win more trophies to be considered a success like Sir Alex Ferguson. United need a quality right back - Nathaniel Clyne or Mats Hummels is the man for the job. Luke Shaw has the potential to be an all-time great at United. Radamel Falcao is the closest challenger to Eden Hazard
Martin Odegaard joined Real Madrid for £2.3million in January. The 16-year-old signed a long-term £40,000 a week contract with the Champions League winners. Odegaard has found life tough at the Spanish giants in recent weeks. Zinedine Zidane dropped the youngster from his Castilla side earlier this month. Click here for more Real Madrid news.
David Raven scored the winner for Inverness against Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Celtic wrote to the SFA after Josh Meekings appeared to handle the ball in the box. Inverness should have had a penalty when Lukasz Zaluska bulldozed into the back of an opponent. Scottish football, like an unsafe, stinking high rise on the wrong side of Glasgow, needs wiping out.
Dramatic scenes were witnessed by researcher Brent Stapelkamp in Hwange National Park, Zimbabwe. The lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in. But the reason for her tenacity soon became apparent as she had precious cubs to feed.
Designs of the Chevrolet Express Police Transport Van show no bolts protruding from the back doors of the van in which Freddie Gray sustained his fatal injuries. A Chevrolet spokesman told Daily Mail Online that the standard-issue van has no protruding bolts. He said that law enforcement agencies customise their own vehicles and that Baltimore Police may have done so to their fleet. The development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the Baltimore Police Department which emerged in its internal investigation into Gray's death.
Stoke City are interested in signing Sampdoria midfielder Pedro Obiang. The 23-year-old Spaniard is available for around £6million. Obiang has been capped at youth level by Spain, having started out at Atletico Madrid. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Labourer Noeleen Foster was thrilled to capture the formation above Zuccoli, 25km southeast of Darwin. The mother of-of-four said she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw the phallic shaped cloud on Friday morning. 'It seems even mother nature has a sense of humour!' she said. It's not the first natural phallic phenomenon though: last June, a nature photographer captured another famous penis cloud in Debyshire, central England.
Comical adverts from the latter half of the 20th century feature in national newspapers and magazines. Men in the ads have something of the Don Draper from Mad Men about them... albeit with a decade added on. Almost always on their arm is an attractive lady, usually not wearing a great deal of clothes.
A photo taken by photographer Patrick Semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on. Fifteen police officers were injured Monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of Freddie Gray. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan also announced a state of emergency and called in the National Guard to help local police.
Marlon Samuels scored 103 against England in second Test in Antigua. Samuels' innings will inspire his West Indies team-mates with discipline and character. West Indies are losing players to the easier option of the Indian Premier League. I find the mental side of Test cricket to be unparalleled.
Floyd Mayweather says Conor McGregor is just trying to gain publicity for his fight with Manny Pacquiao. The undefeated champion says he doesn't take McGregor's comments seriously. McGregor showed off his expensive BMW 640i M Sport convertible on Instagram. Click here for all the latest UFC news.
Philip Lyle Hansen, 56, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges, including unlawful sexual connection and wounding with intent to injure four women. A Wellington District Court jury continued hearing evidence from a woman, 47, who was in a relationship with Hansen during the 1990s. The woman told the court she never consented to Hansen pulling out her teeth but was too 'afraid' to say anything. Hansen's lawyer said the woman had not objected to Hansen extracting her teeth with pliers.
'Volcano' filmed rapping in front of missile launchers and burning buildings in Benghazi. The 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing and military-style fatigues. Libya's second largest city was seized by hardline Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia in July last year. Fighting between rebels and regime forces has reduced much of Benghazi to rubble. It is not clear whether Volcano is simply using the civil war backdrop for effect or if he is actually involved in the conflict.
The cost of maintenance and repairs to damaged public housing is nearing $13 million a year in NSW alone. Communities Minister Brad Hazzard said it was a'very likely possibility' the plan would be implemented in the near future. He said it would most likely be a one month bond, paid off over six months to a year. Public housing tenants were already liable for damage but 'they don't have the money' The bond would be able to be paid in instalments.
Former Treasurer Peter Costello slammed the Abbott government's approach to taxation as a'morbid joke' He said the government's tax discussion paper called for a 'lower, simpler, fairer' tax system. Mr Costello said there has been nothing but suggestions for taxes that are higher, more complicated and less economic. He also slammed Labor and the Greens, saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap Australians in poverty. Treasurer Joe Hockey said his predecessor had more tax revenue to use during the Howard government years.
Teana Walsh, an assistant prosecutor in Detroit, Michigan, made ill-advised post. She wrote: 'I don't care what causes the protestors to turn violent... what the "they did it because" reason is... no way is this acceptable' At least 15 people voiced their approval by 'liking' the comment. Walsh later changed her mind about the post and deleted it - but not before enraged attorneys recorded and shared it.
James Houlder, 30, and his girlfriend Vicki Hood, 22, fell ill at Sonesta Beach Resort. Mr Houlder developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and is still suffering nine months on. Couple say they were offered a £50 'goodwill voucher' but no apology from First Choice.
Stone tools were used by people in the Early Ahmarian culture and the Protoaurignacian culture, living in south and west Europe and west Asia around 40,000 years ago. They found human tools were no more effective than Neanderthal-created tools of the same era. Discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived Neanderthals. Traditionally, scientists believed that innovation in weapons enabled humans to spread out of Africa to Europe. But the new study by Nagoya University and the University of Tokyo in Japan argues Neanderthals were just as well-equipped
Georgia Davis, 22, who weighs 55 stone, had to be lifted out of her home in Aberdare, south Wales, by a crane so emergency services could take her to hospital. She is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile. It is the second time in three years the emergency services have been summoned to free her from her self-inflicted prison. Largely bedridden for the past fortnight because of water retention, Georgia developed a severe infection
Indonesian president Joko Widodo ignored reassurances from his chief political rival Prabowo Subianto that he would support a decision to grant clemency to Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Former Indonesian army general told Mr Joko there would be no political consequences if the Bali Nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved. Indonesia's attorney-general H.M. Prasetyo said 'all the shots were done perfectly' at the execution. He said the executions would serve as a warning to others not to commit drug crimes.
Earth's continents are slowly moving together, and in 50 to 200 million years they are expected to form a new supercontinent called Amasia. In 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the North Pole. Using new techniques - namely high-resolution seismic tomography, geographical information systems and increased computing power - scientists are able to track these changes in unprecedented ways. For example, they can compare them to previous supercontinents Rodinia and Pangaea, which formed one billion and 300 million years ago respectively.
Jackson Martinez scored in Porto's 3-1 Champions League semi-final win over Bayern Munich. The 28-year-old wants to leave Portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around £30million. Martinez came close to joining AC Milan in January but the club failed to agree a fee. Manchester United are looking to add two strikers this summer. Aston Villa's Christian Benteke has been discussed but no approach has yet been made.
Elon Musk has unveiled a $3,000 (£1,980) battery that can run an entire home for eight hours. The battery, called Powerwall, is three feet wide and four feet tall, weighs 220lbs. It can be installed either on an outside or inside wall of a home and charges overnight. Users can then switch the battery on during the day to use the home during day. Powerwall can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency, or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources. Tesla will also launch a 10 kilowatt-
Natasha Flint bagged a hat-trick as the Young Lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at Seaview. Manchester City striker Flint scored her second and third goals of the game in between two Leah Williamson penalties. England can now only make it to this summer's finals in Israel as best-placed runners up.
Alastair Cook's first hour of his innings was spot on, particularly in the first hour. England captain left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him. Cook's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific. It is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 Test hundreds cannot drive the ball. The key for Cook is not to play the drive too early, when the ball is moving around.
Toya Graham, a single mother-of-six, was caught on camera whacking her 16-year-old son Michael, pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street. She said: 'I recognized those baggy sweatpants and we made eye contact. I was saying ''how dare you do this?''' The riots broke out following the death of Freddie Gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by Baltimore police.
Iranian Revolutionary Guards fired warning shots across the bow of a US-flagged ship on April 24. Four days later, Iranian boats boarded the Maersk Tigris for 'trespassing' on its territorial waters. Iranian sources claim they had a legal order following a dispute. US officials said no military action was imminent. The two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes.
Model, 65, models summer collection for high street store. Inspired by 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season. Says she has never had cosmetic surgery but hasn't ruled it out. Admits she is against Botox as she doesn't like what it does to people's faces.
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. The QPR boss believes that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms. Ramsey supports John Barness assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked. QPR travel to face West Bromwich Albion at the Hawthorns on Saturday.
Donatella, 59, and Riccardo, 40, have been friends since meeting at a Vogue Italia dinner more than a decade ago. The two designers are both fans of the same brand, and have previously posed together backstage at Paris Haute Couture Week.
David Haye was stopped by officials on his arrival at Dubai International Airport. The former two-weight world champion was accused of fraud over a bounced cheque. He was reportedly taken to a police station and held in a cell before surrendering his passport. Haye has not fought since he defeated Dereck Chisora in July 2012. 34-year-old has been unable to leave the UAE and missed a mixed martial arts event in Birmingham.
Joe Root has responded magnificently to being left out of last year's Sydney Test. The young batsman has been superb in his middle-order role, and should not be moved up the batting card. Part of me sees Root as a natural No 3, where England tried him in Australia. His fabulous form should be enough to see Root left to do what he does best - score runs for England.
Raheem Sterling recently snubbed a new £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. The 20-year-old recently attended the launch of the Reds' 2015-16 kit at Anfield. Liverpool face Manchester City in the Manchester derby on Sunday afternoon. Click here for more Liverpool news.
Former Ole Miss star Marshall Henderson tweeted Erin Andrews on Monday. He said: 'lol wassup with your boyfriend,' referring to her boyfriend Jarret Stoll. Stoll was suspended in 2013 for allegedly failing a drugs test. Henderson warned Andrews: 'ima save that and you will be the first person ill mock' He has waited two years to get his revenge after Stoll was arrested in Las Vegas last week.
The serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the Otago Harbour, in Dunedin on Thursday. Otago Museum later took tissue and organ samples of the fish in a bid to find out what caused it to be washed ashore. The fish, which can grow to eleven metres in length, are are known to eat of sections of their own tail.
Anders Lindegaard tied the knot with Swedish model Misse Beqiri last year. The couple have a son together and have been dating since 2012. Lindegaard moved to Manchester United in 2010 but has failed to make an impact. He has made just 19 league appearances for United and is third-choice goalkeeper.
David Howman, director general of WADA, said this week that he is disappointed Armstrong had not apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits. Armstrong won the Tour de France every year from 1999-2005. Those titles were stripped after a massive report in 2012 by the US Anti-Doping Agency detailed doping by Armstrong and his US Postal Service teammates.
Hein Verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the UCI. The former head of international cycling has sent the'scandalously biased' report into the hands of Swiss lawyers. He also rejected a call from current UCI president Brian Cookson to resign his honorary presidency.
Patrick Vieira is set to complete his UEFA Pro Licence this summer. Vieira is currently Manchester Citys Head of the Elite Development. He has been taking his coaching badges with the Welsh Football Association. Manuel Pellegrini's contract at City is due to expire in the summer.
Manchester United lost 3-0 to Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday. Louis van Gaal's side look far more vulnerable without Michael Carrick in midfield. Borussia Dortmund's midfield pair Ilkay Gundogan and Sven Bender would fit the bill. Henrikh Mkhitaryan would be a great addition to Van Gaal's squad at Old Trafford.
Mesut Ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he didn't do enough against Chelsea. Ozil has failed to live up to his £42m price tag in the Premier League this season. Cesc Fabregas would have had a bigger impact in Arsenal's team than Ozil. Arsenal fans are defensive of the German but that is merely a sign of their low expectations. When Thierry Henry says Arsenal need a new spine, it's time to start listening.
Chief executive Mike Coupe, 53, was convicted of embezzlement last September. Former business partner Amr el-Nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques. Court has now sentenced him to two years behind bars for the crime in his absence. Mr Coupe is believed to have travelled to Egypt last week to appeal the conviction. In 1999, Sainsbury's opened its first store in Cairo under David Bremner's stewardship. It hoped to capitalise on growing Arabic middle class still reliant on corner shops. But it lost £110million in
Carles Puyol is said to be training ahead of a return to playing in either the US or Qatar. The 36-year-old retired last May after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury. Puyol won six La Liga titles and three Champions Leagues during his 15 years at Barca. He could join up with Frank Lampard or his former team-mate Xavi in Qatar.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Russian man was filming a documentary in snow-covered mountains. He was struck by a falling icicle which caused a blood clot and swelling in his leg. To get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains, he decided to perform surgery on himself while lying in the snow. Used items in his first aid kit which included a gas lamp, a scalpel, surgical string, a needle holder and a curved needle as well as a hydrogen peroxide antiseptic. Amazingly, ten days later the seams were removed and the wound healed completely
Rickie Lambert has hardly been given a chance at Liverpool this season. Brendan Rodgers' decision to play Mario Balotelli over Lambert is illogical. Lambert played 90 minutes 20 times last season and scored 20 goals for Southampton. This season he has played the equivalent of six-and-a-half games in the Premier League. Balotelli was useless against Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final defeat by Villa.
Researchers at Yahoo Labs in California have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device. Called Bodyprint, the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras. To accept an incoming call, users would only need to press their ear against the phone. During tests with 12 participants, Bodyprint classified body parts with 99.98 per cent accuracy. This accuracy was highest when scanning the ear due to its more unique shape and size. Its not just
SsangYong (Korean for 'two dragons') is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle. Pitched to take on the pumpedup Nissan Juke, the Tivoli SUV is powered by 1.6 litre Euro 6 petrol and diesel engines. It arrives in the UK this summer in three trim levels - SE, EX, ELX - with a choice of front-wheel drive or intelligent 4x4.
Toby Huntington-Whiteley, 25, stars in the new summer advert for Jacamo. Professional cricketer Freddie Flintoff, 37, has been face of brand for four years. Summer campaign filmed in Palma, Majorca. Both men measure up at just under 6' 4'', making them ideal poster boys for brand.
The Avert robots are the creation of a European consortium led by the Democritus University of Thrace in Greece. They are fitted with on-board sensors, including two lasers and a digital camera. These sensors help the Avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention, while avoiding obstacles. The team has been working on the technology since 2012 and believes a production model could be ready by next year.
Roscosmos is attempting to regain control of a spaceship that is spinning out of control in orbit. Progress M-27M appears to have suffered a major malfunction moments after launch at 3:09 am EDT (07:09 GMT) from Kazakhstan. It was due to dock with the ISS six hours after take off, but that plan has now been 'indefinitely abandoned' Nasa's reported that a video camera on Progress showed it to be spinning at a 'rather significant rate'
Taline Gabrielian, 33, of Sydney's Northern Beaches, has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites. The healthy choc bars are all classified as raw, vegan, refined sugar-free and dairy-free. They are sold through her food app, Hippie Lane, which has more than 80,000 followers. She grew up on a diet of Nutella and Milo, but says she's never looked back. Her favourite bars are the Mars Bar, Bounty, Twix, Bounty and Cherry Ripe.
Matthew Colvin, 26, was behind bars on Tuesday in Southhaven, Mississippi, and will be extradited back to Memphis on Wednesday. The Rock 'n' Soul Museum reported on April 21 that an employee discovered the glasses had been taken out of a display case during business hours. An investigator lifted prints and matched them to Colvin. Police said on Tuesday that investigators called Colvin on Monday and he told them where the glasses were. They were able to retrieve them from a mailbox.
Salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet. It connects to an app on a users Android handset or iPhone via Bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet, where the Salt card is stored. The credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet (three metres) Chicago start-up claims it will save people around 53 hours over a year, based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day.
Carl Froch was due to fight Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr in Las Vegas this month. The WBA super-middleweight champion pulled out with a shoulder injury. Chavez faces Andrzej Fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on Saturday night. Froch would be open to a fight with the Mexican later this year.
Protein World posted controversial ad on London Underground asking: 'Are you beach body ready?' Fitness company has been accused of body-shaming by feminists and body image campaigners. Transport for London are in the process of removing the ad following complaints. Now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster. Comes as plus-sized fashion label Simply Be also created its own poster.
Fabio Lavato, 30, proposed to Laura Knight, 29, in their local Cineworld in Gloucester. He created a short video that played at the end of the trailers for Fast and Furious 7. The film included pictures from where the couple met and the words 'Laura I have a question for you' Fabio then got down on one knee and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend. Although Laura was overjoyed by the proposal she says she doesn't rate the film.
Researchers at the University of Arizona found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal'reaction chamber' in its stomach. When threatened, the bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear, complete with 'gun smoke' It can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker. This behaviour has been caught on camera by Wendy Moore and her colleagues at the university. The research reveals the beetle's firing apparatus in never-before-seen detail. It also solves a long-standing mystery of how the animals achieve their rapid-fire
The Rubber Bowl in Akron, Ohio, was built in 1939 and it served as the home for the University of Akron's football team for 68 years. It hosted 310 UA football contests, 19 preseason Cleveland Browns' games, a regular-season NFL game in 1952 and over 1,500 high school games. Bands like Van Halen, Metallica, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead and Aretha Franklin also have played there. The stadium, which can now hold more than 35,000 people, was closed in 2009 and has sat empty ever since.
Paul Smith will face Andre Ward on June 20 in Oakland, California. The fight will not be for Ward's WBA super-middleweight world title. Smith failed in back-to-back challenges for Arthur Abraham's WBO belt. Ward has not fought since he beat Edwin Rodriguez on points in November 2013.
Jason Matthews, 40, left his Saab 93 in a side street before the race on April 19. He was unable to remember where he had parked it and spent hours searching for it. Good Samaritan Adam Coppin, 32, gave up his day off to join the search for the car. Mr Matthews is about to be reunited with the vehicle after it was found in Salford Quays. 'I'm so glad I don't have to go out looking for it again or buy a new car,' he said.
The pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on Tuesday afternoon and taken to the Humane Society for immediate treatment. A note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last Friday and their mother had died. In a bid to save their lives, vets decided to put the young dogs with a surrogate cat. The pairing proved to be an instant success. As Kit the tabby had recently nursed her own kittens, she was able to feed the puppies with her own milk. Her pregnant sister, Kat, also helped out with mothering duties.
England beat the West Indies by an innings and 239 runs in the second Test. Alastair Cook's captaincy and batting helped England to victory in Barbados. James Anderson's display was one of the best I have seen from an England player. Cook has shown that he is completely in charge of this England team. Joe Root and Gary Ballance are breaking all sorts of records at a young age.
Jack Grealish was pictured inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon. The Aston Villa winger has assured Tim Sherwood he will not repeat his mistake. Grealish, 19, was pictured taking so-called hippy crack, a legal high, after a night out. Raheem Sterling, 20, and Saido Berahino, 21, have been pictured doing the same recently.
Jordan Meikle stopped mid-race to propose to his girlfriend Kayleigh Harris. The 23-year-old was filmed approaching the spectators barriers at a section of the 26-mile course near Canary Wharf. While stretching he gets down on one knee and produces a ring from behind his back. He then presents Kayleigh with her ring and seals the deal with a kiss and a cuddle.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott thrilled players at a Sydney Australian Rules football club function by skolling a beer. Mr Abbott was asked to have a drink by University of Technology Sydney Bats coach Simon Carradous. It appeared to take the Prime Minister about six seconds to down the schooner, as players cheered and chanted'skol' and 'Tony'
Kayonna Cole filmed the moment at her home in Los Angeles. She remains calm throughout the video, but later suffered a reaction to the spider's venom. Kayonna said that the particular type of tarantula has low toxicity venom similar to that of a bee sting. Her bites were not painful, the after effects from the venom were more painful.
Officers search An Noor community centre in west London and Burnell Mitchell's home. Mr Mitchell is a director at the centre where Abdul Hadi Arwani used to preach regularly. Jamaican businessman Leslie Cooper, 36, appeared in court yesterday charged with murder. He was remanded in custody by a judge ahead of his appearance at the Old Bailey this week. Police also arrested a 61-year-old man on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder.
AP McCoy rode his final race on Box Office at Sandown on Saturday. The 20-time champion jockey will be a spectator at the Punchestown Festival this week. He has challenged Channel 4 presenter Emma Spencer to a tennis match. McCoy will also visit Robbie and JT McNamara, both battling paralysis after bad falls.
Calf had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at Idube Game Reserve in South Africa. When the pair came across a dirt track road, the adult strolled on ahead confidently. But when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass. The clumsy little one stumbled as he stepped down onto the path, eventually losing his balance altogether.
AP McCoy will retire after Saturday's Grand National at Cheltenham. The jockey has won virtually every big race in the calendar. McCoy has ridden more winners at Worcester  298 from 1,089 rides  than at any other venue in Britain. He has won 20 straight titles and won BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2010.
Boeing 747-8 was customised for a single wealthy owner over a three-year period. It contains a dining room, lounge, restaurant and'state room' which can fit dozens of guests. Master bedroom has a huge bed as well as an armchair and sofa for when the owner needs to relax. More sleeping space is provided in the 'aeroloft' on the top deck, with eight beds.
Liam Ridgewell writes his second column for Sportsmail. The Portland Timbers defender is enjoying life in the MLS. Ridgewell's side face Seattle Sounders on Monday morning at 2:30am UK time. They beat FC Dallas 3-1 for their first victory of the season.
Footage was captured on camera by a visitor to ABQ BioPark Zoo in Albuquerque. Young elephant named Jazmine approaches its mother Rozie and starts clambering over her. Tramples all over Rozie as it tries to get its balance and stops to consider its position. 22-year-old Asian elephant remains incredibly docile throughout the whole ordeal.
Alexia Christian, 25, was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car near the Fulton County Courthouse in downtown Atlanta on Thursday. Police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck and took her into custody. At one point she fired at least two shots at the officers, and they returned fire, fatally wounding her. Eyewitnesses said Christian had been handcuffed and must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun.
Lada's 4x4 Niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the Russian carmaker. It has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks. For a fraction of the price of a new Land Rover and it is also available in a compact van format. The upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud.
Roger, an alpha male at the Alice Springs Kangaroo sanctuary, was gifted a soft toy bunny by a fan. The kangaroo quickly became attached to the bunny but soon tired of it. Kangaroo sanctuary manager Chris Barnes said he attempted to take the bunny off Roger but was met with hostility. Mr Barnes rescued Roger in 2006 after finding his mother dead on a highway.
Jessica McCarty, 33, faces three counts of first-degree murder for the deaths of her three children in Palm Bay, Florida, on March 20. Lacey, seven, Phillip, six, and five-month-old Christopher Swist were found unresponsive in their home. Their father, Chris Swist, who was dating McCarty at the time, called them all nicknames: Lacey 'Chick', Christopher 'Toe Toe' and Phillip 'Smash' McCarty was arrested after she called 911 and told police she'd killed her children. She left a note
Hector Morejon, 19, was shot by a Long Beach, California, police officer, who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident. His mother, Lucia Morejon was at home when she heard the shots. She went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance. Her attorney Sonia Mercado said: 'He was reaching for her - reaching out to her for help' The family of Hector Morejon said they are requesting that the LBPD 'immediately release the name
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National. Sandy Lyle, Phil Mickelson and Jack Nicklaus feature in the top 10. Gene Sarazen's'shot heard round the world' puts Augusta on the map. Greg Norman, Seve Ballesteros and Larry Mize also feature in our list.
Stella Maxwell, 24, was born to Northern Irish parents Stella Maynes and Maurice Maxwell. She was raised in Belgium and moved around the world thanks to her father's job as a diplomat. Now splits her time between New York and Los Angeles. Is good friends with Blurred Lines model and Gone Girl actress Emily Ratajkowski.
Medical and law enforcement sources told ABC News Gray's 'catastrophic' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt 'in the back door of the van' They claimed there was 'no evidence' Gray sustained a fatal spine injury during his arrest, which was caught on camera on a street side on April 12. The news comes hours after Baltimore Police admitted the van transporting Gray made a previously unreported stop. It is not known why the van stopped at the corner of North Fremont Ave and Mosher Street before it made another two stops then finally transported Gray to the hospital.
Fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its big tongue onto the beef steak. It then notices that it is stuck and begins squirming in its attempts to break free. The fly tries hard to set itself free by beating its legs, heaving itself backwards and twisting. But nothing seems to work and as it slumps, looking sorry for itself, all appears to have been lost.
Saige, five, from the US, has lived with her mother for five years. She decided to give her a telling-off about the'mess' in their house and her brother's behaviour. Saige says she will move out and stay with her mum's best friend. Her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and says: 'No you're not'
Shanghai circuit held the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since. The track layout is a challenging design with a long straight and hairpin turn in, but it flows like Malaysia and offers great reward for getting the line through the sequence of fast turns spot on. Fernando Alonso's win in 2006 provided one of its most dramatic races, with the Spaniard overtaking his team-mate Giancarlo Fisichella in the final stages of the race. Michael Schumacher and Rubens Barrichello's 2004 win would be his last for the
Bahrain was the first country in the middle east to hold a Formula One world championship Grand Prix but it has been rocked by a number of issues in recent years. National protests led to the event being cancelled in 2011, with many questioning whether Sakhir should be holding a Grand Prix from a political stand point. But that doesn't mean we have had 10 years of Bahrain bores though as Sportsmail takes a look back at our favourite images from the past. Fernando Alonso, Kimi Raikkonen, Jenson Button, David Coulthard and Fernando Alonso among those
Lewis Hamilton won the Bahrain Grand Prix ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Sebastian Vettel. The Briton extended his lead in the Formula One championship to 27 points over Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Hamilton's third win in four races extends his lead over Rosberg's record of two wins in a row. Ferrari's Vettel and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo look set to stay in title hunt.
Sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at Augusta National. Mark O'Meara, Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo feature in Nos 20-11. Vijay Singh, Phil Mickelson and Charl Schwartzel also make the list. The 79th edition of the Masters begins at Augusta on Thursday.
Lewis Hamilton won the Chinese Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One drivers' championship to 13 points. Nico Rosberg finished second with Sebastian Vettel third in his Ferrari. Hamilton led the race from pole to turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races. The Briton now leads his Mercedes team-mate Rosberg by 13 points in the standings.
Zafar Ansari has been called up to England's ODI squad. The Surrey all-rounder will make his debut against Ireland on May 8. Ansari graduated from Cambridge two years ago with a double first in politics and sociology. He is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the American south.
Nicklas Bendtner was due to start against Schalke on Sunday. But the Denmark international turned up late for training on Friday. Manager Dieter Hecking said he would have started the match if he had arrived earlier. Bendtner has only scored once in 16 league games for Wolfsburg this season.
Incident took place at Omaha's Henry Doorley Zoo in Nebraska yesterday. Little girl can be seen in the window beating her chest at one of the gorillas. Silverback at the back of the enclosure decides enough is enough and runs at her. Throws his entire weight at the pane of glass, hitting it with such force it cracks.
Bournemouth will not look to increase the capacity of their 12,000-seater Goldsands Stadium. The away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the South Stand and the East Stand. Manager Eddie Howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals. Premier League regulations state clubs must provide at least 10 per cent of their overall allocation of tickets for away supporters.
Raheem Sterling, Daniel Sturridge, Martin Skrtel and Simon Mignolet unveiled the new home strip to fans in the Centenary Stand on Friday afternoon. The new gingham design is the first offering from US sports brand New Balance. New Balance struck a record-breaking £300million four-year kit deal to replace sister company Warrior as Liverpool's suppliers. Only a week ago, Sterling held nothing back with his stunning interview after rejecting a new £100,000-a-week deal at Liverpool.
Liverpool are the first Premier League club to release their new kit for the 2015-16 season. New Balance will be supplying the Reds for the first time after three seasons of Warrior. Sportsmail picks out its five favourite Liverpool kits from over the years. Let us know your favourite strips from the Merseyside club in the comments section below.
Manchester United will have to wear Nike kit during their summer tour of the US. The club are expected to jet across the Atlantic in July for a trip of around 12 days. There is no buy-out agreement that would allow the club to exit the agreement early. Louis van Gaal has had a big input on United's pre-season plans, restricting the US tour.
West Ham have announced a new five-year kit deal with Umbro. The Hammers last wore an Umbro kit between 2007 and 2010. Umbro produced the first-ever West Ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s. Bobby Moore, Sir Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters wore the claret and blue in their 1964 FA Cup and 1965 European Cup Winners' Cup triumphs.
Newcastle United face Swansea at St James' Park on Saturday afternoon. Supporters' group AshleyOut.com want fans to stand in the 34th minute of the game. At least 10,000 fans stayed away from last Sunday's 3-1 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur. Newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month. Owner Mike Ashley has a further £34million in the bank, according to the club.
Bon Apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread. Run it under the tap before baking it in the oven for between 6 and 13 minutes. Water turns to steam which rehydrates the bread while the oven firms up the crust. Lifesum nutritionist Luvisa Nilsson says that the trick does actually work. But make sure to eat it within one day and check it is not mouldy.
Manchester United will play four games in the USA this summer. Louis van Gaal was unhappy with the amount of travelling last year. United will play Club America, San Jose Earthquakes, Barcelona and PSG. Click here for Manchester United transfer news. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Ben Stokes clashed with Marlon Samuels during the second Test. But Stokes responded positively after talking to England coach Peter Moores. He can be feisty and fiery as long as its natural but his aggression has to be controlled. England want to have Stokes in the team as much as possible to help him hit his full potential.
Chelsea will play Paris Saint-Germain in a pre-season friendly on July 25. The French side knocked Jose Mourinho's side out of the Champions League. Chelsea will also play the New York Red Bulls and Barcelona in July. They will then face Fiorentina in a friendly at Stamford Bridge on August 5.
The most searched for term globally is HIV and AIDS, followed by herpes and then Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) In the UK, chlamydia and gential warts attracted the most searches in the UK in the past year. In US internet users seemed to be most concerned about herpes followed by gonorrhea. Norway came out as what the maps called a 'herpes hotspot' in Europe, with Montenegro and Montenegro the states with the highest number of searches per capita. Mississippi in the US was the capital for searches about syphilis and chlam
Kaka knelt in the centre circle after AC Milan's Champions League win in 2007. The Brazilian wore an 'I belong to Jesus' vest on which he printed the statement. I can't remember anyone saying his gesture was an affront to public decency. Daniel Sturridge, Javier Hernandez and David Luiz all express their beliefs on the football pitch. Why is it that when two men pray quietly in a small corner of an English football ground that their actions should be labelled a 'disgrace'?
Chris Ramsey is the only black manager in the Premier League. The QPR boss has been given the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass. Ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs. If Ramsey is sacked, people will say it was about results, not race. But race was why he had to take the job in the first place.
Floyd Mayweather has spent $300,000 on yet another Mercedes 'Land Yacht' Manny Pacquiao posted a picture of him doing yoga on Monday. Andre Ward is set to make his overdue ring comeback in his hometown on June 20. Carl Froch is unlikely to get his dream fight against Andre Ward or Julio Cesar Chavez Jnr.
Pattie Boyd, 71, has tied the knot for the third time, this time with Rod Weston. She was famously married to both George Harrison and Eric Clapton in the past. The former Vogue cover girl has now found love with property developer Rod Weston, 61. Her Irish terrier Freddie did his best to upstage the bride and her new groom.
Raheem Sterling has not signed a new contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old has been linked with a move away from Anfield. Sterling has been labelled an ingrate and a fool by the Liverpool press. Brendan Rodgers remains confident that Sterling will stay at Anfield.
Kell Brook will fight Frankie Gavin at London's O2 Arena on May 20. Amir Khan will fight Chris Algieri in New York on the same night. Khan's father Shah says his son could have had the fight he craves if promoter Eddie Hearn had minded his words. 'Eddie needs to calm down,' says Khan Snr.
Floyd Mayweather Jr takes on Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas on Saturday night. Mayweather is boxing's undisputed world champion and one of the best fighters of all time. The American has won titles at five different weights and is a brilliant fighter. He has faced a string of accusations of violence against women and spent two months in the Clark County Detention Center in 2012 for a domestic violence conviction.
James Anderson will play his 100th Test match in Antigua on Monday. He needs just four wickets to go level with Sir Ian Botham's England record of 383. The fast bowler has always been at his best when allowed to play his natural game. Peter Moores deserves credit for allowing Anderson to be himself when on England duty.
John Terry was in impressive form as Chelsea kept a clean sheet against Arsenal. The 34-year-old defender is enjoying some of the best football of his career. Jose Mourinho's return was the answer to John Terry's prayers, says Martin Keown. Arsenal's tempo dropped after the break and they didn't move quickly enough. Olivier Giroud's pace through the middle could have unsettled Chelsea.
Arsenal host Chelsea in the Premier League on Sunday (4.30pm kick-off) Jose Mourinho has a brilliant record against Arsene Wenger, says Martin Keown. The Chelsea boss always finds a way to win, according to the former Arsenal defender. Mourinho has a poor record in Premier League Manager of the Month awards. Cesc Fabregas would not have helped Arsenal had he joined the Gunners.
Sami Khedira has not played as often for Real Madrid as he would have liked. Manchester United and Chelsea are both interested in signing the Germany international. Stevan Jovetic hopes to find out if he can join Inter Milan on Wednesday. Radamel Falcao's Manchester United nightmare could be coming to an end. Newcastle United are considering the merits of Fulham striker Ross McCormack. Stoke are discussing a summer deal for Barcelona B starlet Mohamed el Ouriachi.
Paul Pogba and his representatives met PSG president Nasser Al Khelaifi in Monte Carlo on Tuesday. Sevilla are weighing up a move for Manchester City winger Jesus Navas. Yaya Toure remains Inter Milan's main transfer target for the summer. Stoke have made an enquiry about Dnipro flyer Yevhen Konoplyanka. Everton are interested in keeping hold of midfielder Mohamed Besic.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao weigh-in in Las Vegas on Friday. The winner will unify the WBC (Mayweather) and WBO (Pacquiao) world welterweight titles. Wladimir Klitschko is considering retirement as he approaches his 40th birthday. Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder look set to become Klitsch's next opponents. Carl Froch's exit from the ring could be complicated by Julio Cesar Chavez.
Aston Villa face Liverpool in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday. Tim Sherwood has invigorated the side and you can feel the improvement in performances. But for all the excitement, fans must be patient and be realistic. Previous generations at Villa have seen success and can be too demanding. When things do start to go wrong, Villa Park can be an unforgiving place.
Ander Herrera has been in fine form for Manchester United this season. Barcelona have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for Xavi. Herrera has impressed the club's scouts throughout his career at Real Sociedad and Athletic Bilbao. Stoke City, Nottingham Forest, Sunderland and Newcastle are among clubs showing interest in Shrewsbury Town winger Josh Ginnelly. Liverpool will reject Manchester City's proposals for Jordan Henderson as they look to keep the England international at Anfield. Javier Hernandez is poised to turn down overtures from
Spain won Euro 2008, Euro 2012 and the World Cup in 2010. The transition from excellent to elderly is never fun, but the likes of Xavi, Carles Puyol, Xabi Alonso, Carlos Marchena and Joan Capdevila have done their hard miles. It is not clear what toll battle has taken on Victor Valdes, David Villa and Fernando Torres. Juan Bernat's arrival to the Champions League quarter-final for Bayern Munich at Porto last Wednesday earned Valencia a seven-figure sum as part of the incentives associated with the full back's move to Bavaria.
Marseille host Paris Saint-Germain at the Stade Velodrome in Ligue 1 on Sunday night. The two sides are two points behind each other at the top of the table. Culturally, socially and historically, there is deep enmity between the two sides. But it is also a contest which pitches Marseilles ultra-eccentric coach, Marcelo Bielsa, right where he wants to be. Bielsa took 7,000 videos of matches, goals, players, free-kicks, corners and penalties with him to
Patrick Vieira could be next in line to replace Manuel Pellegrini at Manchester City. Vieira is intelligent, well-balanced and has a burning desire to win. He has worked with some of the best managers in the business including Arsene Wenger, Fabio Capello, Roberto Mancini and Jose Mourinho. Martin Keown believes Vieira will make a fantastic manager one day.
Jack Grealish was caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide. Aston Villa starlet has become the third top flight player caught taking 'hippy crack' Grealish starred for Villa in their FA Cup semi-final win over Liverpool on Sunday.
Shivnarine Chanderpaul is a throwback to when Test cricket was true to its roots. Steve Davis lost 10-1 to qualify for the World Snooker Championship at the age of 57. Jurgen Klopp may find his mobile doesn't ring quite as hot from the game's biggest clubs as he thinks. Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville's analysis is often better watch than the game.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea in the London derby at the Emirates on Sunday. Arsene Wenger and Jose Mourinho faced off in the latest instalment of the Arsene vs Jose show. Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry and Graeme Souness were all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon. But it really was just everyone jostling for position at the starting gun.
Jack Wilshere has not featured for Arsenal since November 22. Midfielder has not played a first-team game for the Gunners since undergoing ankle surgery. Wilshere is on the list of Txiki Begiristain, Manchester City's director of football. The 23-year-old will sit down with his father Andy at the end of the season to discuss his future.
Italy embrace the Cricket World Cup and England should have been playing. Tracey Neville's appointment as England netball coach follows an 81-cap international career, five years of domestic coaching and the establishment of an academy. Kevin Sinfield has all his dental work done without anaesthetic because its quicker but he may find his late career switch from League to Union a rather more taxing challenge. Liverpool have injury problems up front but a certainty is that Rickie Lambert will not play at Arsenal.
Chris Smalling has been at the forefront of Manchester United's resurgence. Marlon Samuels salutes Ben Stokes as he leaves the field of play after being caught by Jermaine Blackwood. Thomas Muller led Bayern Munich's post-Porto celebrations with a loudhailer. Sam Tomkins has left the tiniest of impressions in the NRL. Liverpool may miss Steven Gerrard more than they think.
Carlo Ancelotti guided Real Madrid to their 10th European Cup triumph last year. But the Italian is starting to feel the strain after recent poor results at Real Madrid. His team have lost almost one out of every three matches in 2015 (six defeats in 19 outings) Ancelotti is now a black smudge on Madrids pristine-white history, having already lost to Atletico four times in a season. Real face Diego Simeone's side in the Champions League quarter-final on Tuesday.
Oscar has failed to complete a full 90 minutes in any of Chelsea's last 11 games. The Brazilian midfielder has been substituted or benched in 10 of the last 11. Jose Mourinho has been criticised for his defensive approach by his players. Cristiano Ronaldo criticised Mourinho for being too defensive at Real Madrid. Diego Torres wrote about Mourinho in his book, 'The Special One'
Harry Redknapp joined BT Sport presenter Jake Humphrey for live broadcast of Arsenal vs Liverpool at the Emirates. Redknapp was in fine form as pundit for Saturday's Premier League encounter. Ian Wright and Steve McManaman were quick to defend former Tottenham boss. Click here for all the latest Arsenal news.
Charley Hull is the best teenage golfer in Britain. The 19-year-old has the same 'wow' factor as world No 1 Rory McIlroy. Hull is in the vanguard of the next revolution set to sweep the womens game. She has ambitions to be the best player in the world at 21.
FA Cup semi-final clashes between Arsenal and Reading and Chelsea and Manchester United took place at Wembley on Saturday. BBC and BT Sport presented their coverage from the on-site studio at the ground. Gary Lineker was left with a few minutes to fill when a film about the infamous 1990 FA Cup Semi Finals failed. There were also a couple of errors that led to two memorable moments in the coverage by Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer.
Jordan Spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new Masters champion shows his commitment to the sport. Ian Poulter, world No 3 Henrik Stenson and world No 10 Sergio Garcia have decided not to play at the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth next month. Sir Nick Faldo will be playing his final Open at St Andrews.
Gareth Bale is a target for Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City. Bale could be sold by Real Madrid as they pursue a deal for Borussia Dortmund's Marco Reus. Petr Cech could join Real Madrid if David de Gea stays at Manchester United. Aston Villa could be forced to sell Christian Benteke if they receive a bid of over £30m. Jonathan Woodgate could return to the Premier League with Middlesbrough.
Gary Neville co-commentated with Martin Tyler for the Manchester derby. Neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go. He was quick to point out what he saw as the 'graveyard' of City's right-hand side. Time and time again Neville found himself analysing Yaya Toure's poor performance for City.
Jordan Spieth won the Masters at Augusta National on Sunday. It was the 21-year-old's first ever major title at the famous course. Spieth embraced his family after his victory at the Masters. The Texan has a common touch and a depth of sincerity. There is nothing fake about Spieth.
Liverpool have put a £50million price tag on Raheem Sterling if they opt to sell the 20-year-old. Chelsea, Manchester City or Manchester United could lure Gareth Bale from Real Madrid. Bale's £75m fee and near £300,000-a-week wages mean his signing would restrict other signings under financial fair play guidelines. Liverpool will not budge from their £100,000 a week contract offer to Sterling. Argentine Paulo Dybala dubbed 'the new Sergio Aguero' could be on his way to the Premier League.
Tiger Woods practised at Augusta National Golf Club on Monday. Woods was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf. The 14-time major champion hit 16 chips from the front and right of the green and most finished close to the tee pegs. After nine holes where the ball was struck with impressive authority, Woods decided to call it a day.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with Liverpool. The 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out' the last year of his current deal for £1.7m. Sterling's value could plummet by up to £25m if he buys out the final year of the deal. Manchester City and Chelsea are both keen on the England international. Slaven Bilic is in the frame to replace Sam Allardyce at West Ham this summer. Southampton could offer Nathaniel Clyne to Manchester United to sign Javier Hernandez
Nico Rosberg finished second to Lewis Hamilton at the Chinese Grand Prix. The German blamed his team-mate for slowing down and bunching him up as Sebastian Vettel closed in. Rosberg's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with Hamilton in Spa last August. Bernie Ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators 'don't fully understand' technical terms.
Tim Krul appeared to congratulate Sunderland striker Jermain Defoe on his goal at half-time during the Wear-Tyne derby. Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher criticised the Newcastle goalkeeper for his actions. Andrew Flintoff, who famously went to console Brett Lee at the end of an Ashes Test in 2005, joined in the debate on Twitter. Krul has been one of the few players who have performed consistently for Newcastle in recent seasons, which led to him being part of Holland's World Cup squad last summer.
Chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Arsene Wenger's side beat Reading 3-2 in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley last week. But Arsenal must not be fooled into thinking they have all the tools at their disposal. This is not the time to be complacent and make the big additions that will stop them being nearly-men in the summer.
Eden Hazard is the favourite to win the PFA Player of the Year award. David de Gea and Harry Kane are among the other leading contenders. Chelsea captain John Terry revealed he voted for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho. Jamie Carragher says John Terry will have told his squad not to vote for either De Gea or Kane to give Hazard a better chance of winning the award.
Bournemouth sealed promotion to the Premier League with 3-0 win over Bolton. Eddie Howe is the man who has got the Cherries buzzing, says Jamie Redknapp. Redknapp got to know Howe after his dad signed him for Portsmouth in 2002. The former England manager believes Howe is destined to be a success in the top flight.
Harry Kane has matched Michael Owen's best-ever total for a Premier League season. Tottenham Hotspur striker has 22 goals in his first 40 appearances this term. Kane has won the same amount of tackles as Vincent Kompany this season (25) He was 500/1 to be win the Premier League Golden Boot this season.
Memphis Depay is the Eredivisie's top goalscorer with 20 goals this season. The 21-year-old has 'dream chaser' tattooed across his chest and'successful' inked on the inside of his lower lip. PSV Eindhoven clinched the title with three games to spare against Heerenveen. Louis van Gaal is understood to have held a meeting in Manchester with Depay. Depay has been likened to Cristiano Ronaldo by Phillip Cocu and Ronald de Boer.
Juan Mata, Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young, Chris Smalling and Angel di Maria all scored in Manchester United's 2-1 win against Manchester City on Sunday. None of them would have been in Louis van Gaal's starting XI at the start of the season. James Ward-Prowse scored his second goal in 85 games for Southampton on Saturday. Aaron Cresswells free-kick against Stoke City was one of the finest set-piece goals weve seen all season.
Jack Grealish was fantastic but Fabian Delph was the best player on the pitch for Aston Villa against Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final. Tim Sherwood has ignited that team and got their passion and excitement back. Of the three promoted teams fighting for their lives at the bottom, Leicester look the most likely to stay up. Steven Gerrard will be devastated not to make the final but for the clubs sake, not his.
Sportsmail's Jamie Redknapp picks his top five Premier League goals of the weekend. Jermain Defoe's match-winning volley in the Tyne-Wear derby on Sunday is included. Charlie Adam's audacious long-range effort against Chelsea also makes the list. Alexis Sanchez's goal for Arsenal against Liverpool is also included in the top five.
Barnet boss Martin Allen believes it is important for troops to follow orders. Players on the periphery can make the difference between winning and losing matches. John Terry makes sure all Chelsea players follow Jose Mourinho's guidance on the pitch. Gary Rowett is winning so many games at Birmingham City and doing so well.
Carl Frampton has been offered £1.5m to fight Scott Quigg on July 18. Eddie Hearn produced a cheque for £1m live on television on Tuesday. Kell Brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring at the O2 Arena on May 30. Frankie Gavin could challenge Kell Brook for his world title in an all-British showdown. Josh Warrington is in action in Leeds this weekend against Dennis Tubieron.
Aston Villa take on Liverpool in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Christian Benteke, Jordan Henderson and Raheem Sterling are set to go head-to-head. Ron Vlaar and Nathan Baker will be hoping to keep the Reds defence clean sheet. Villa signed Fabian Delph on a season-long loan from Manchester United.
Arsenal host Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday (5.30pm kick-off) Martin Skrtel is suspended for the Gunners after stamping on David de Gea. Kolo Toure and Mamadou Sakho are in contention to replace him in defence. Per Mertesacker's lack of pace could be exposed by Daniel Sturridge and Co. Aaron Ramsey and Jordan Henderson should go head-to-head in midfield battle.
Sam Burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for Bath on Friday night. The former rugby league star will wear the No 6 shirt for the second time in a Premiership game. Burgess began his union career in the centre but is now set to finish the season as a back rower. He has not given up on a centre spot in his future in the game.
Michael Carrick has been unappreciated in this country. The Manchester United midfielder keeps the game simple and is a great passer. Carrick has had to deal with Keane Syndrome because hes not Roy Keane. Andrea Pirlo, who turns 36 next month, tore England apart with his passing at the World Cup.
Mesut Ozil was at his brilliant best during Arsenal's 4-1 win against Liverpool. The German has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games. Eden Hazard is the most relaxed player John Terry has ever played with. Newcastle United were poor against Sunderland, but it's a good job Alan Pardew has got them to 35 points. Jermain Defoe's stunning volley put Sunderland into a 1-0 lead against Newcastle. Man City will be feeling the pressure at Crystal Palace on Monday night.
Carl Froch has not fought since beating George Groves at Wembley last May. Froch had hoped to meet Julio Cesar Chavez Jr, but he lost to Andrzej Fonfara last week. James DeGale is the most likely opponent for Froch on his return to the ring. Anthony Dirrell's fight against James deGale on May 23 is also the most probable. Scott Quigg's offer to fight Carl Frampton is dead in the water after his promoter Hearn failed to make an offer of £1.5m.
Chelsea should have had a penalty when Oscar was clattered by Hector Bellerin. Cesc Fabregas was booked for diving after appearing to kick his leg out to find contact from Santi Cazorla. Referee Michael Oliver was right to book the Spaniard for simulation. Oscar was played clean through on goal and lobbed David Ospina and Oliver should have given it.
Richie Benaud was the voice of cricket for generations, commentating in his native Australia and for the BBC. He was the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 Test wickets in Tests. Benaud was a master with the microphone to his lips and knew the power of silence. One of his best qualities was that he never sought the limelight. The chemistry he had with the likes of Tony Greig and Bill Lawry was amazing.
UEFA have ordered the final 18 seconds of England vs Norway match to be replayed. Referee Marija Kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick after disallowing a penalty. FIFA did something similar during a 2006 World Cup qualifier between Uzbekistan and Bahrain. Japanese referee Toshimitsu Yoshida incorrectly awarded indirect free kick to Bahrain after the Uzbeks had encroached at their penalty kick when 1-0 up. This happened in the 38th minute and FIFA ordered that the entire match be re-played.
Scott Dann was a fraction offside when he set up Glenn Murray for Palaces first goal (2), but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant John Brooks. The speed of it, plus two players blocking his view, made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right.
Australia have dropped the ridiculous policy of not picking players if they are playing overseas. Stuart Lancaster must be free to pick his best players, no matter where they ply their trade. Toulons Steffon Armitage came off the bench against Leinster on Sunday and turned the game on its head. Nick Abendanon has become better since he crossed the Channel. Jonny Wilkinson moved to France and became even better than when he played for England.
England's policy against picking players based abroad is back in focus. The RFU and Stuart Lancaster are being urged to invoke the exceptional circumstances get-out clause. Toulon flanker Steffon Armitage has been one of the standout forwards in Europe. Sam Burgess starts at blindside flanker for Bath against Newcastle on Friday.
AP McCoy could have ridden Cause of Causes who is owned by his boss JP McManus. The 19-time champion jockey is bidding for a dream end to his career. Cause of Causes also has very good reasons why he should be backed. He was second at the 2014 Cheltenham Festival and landed the four-mile National Hunt Chase at last month's meeting.
Calum Chambers, Eric Dier and John Stones have all impressed this season. The trio have grown in stature as the season has progressed at their clubs. Chambers has played at right back, centre-back and midfield for Arsenal. Stones has moved from right back to centre of defence for Everton. Dier has gone from promising to a first-team regular at White Hart Lane. England manager Roy Hodgson could use them in a back three for the Three Lions.
Aston Villa host Tottenham at White Hart Lane in the Premier League on Saturday. Tim Sherwood has got to keep his emotions in check on the touchline. The Villa boss is a passionate man but he can't afford to let things get personal. He did a good job at Tottenham but was still not trusted with the job long-term. Sherwood's intensity has sparked Aston Villa back to life this season.
Tony McCoy announced his retirement in February. The 20-times champion jockey has enjoyed farewell tours up and down the country. McCoy says the response to his retirement announcement has helped him cope with the thought of retiring. 'It was very difficult to take it all in yesterday, the crowd, the people round the parade ring, the great racing public came out in force and I was very flattered and honoured by it all'
Nigel Pearson's Leicester have won three games in a row in the Premier League. The Foxes were bottom of the table at the end of March with 19 points, seven off safety. They face fellow relegation battlers Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday. QPR and Burnley have shown fantastic spirit since being promoted. I have been in relegation battles with teams with less fight in them than these three.
Charles Piutau rejected a new deal with the Blues and NZRU in favour of a season in Belfast, in 2016-17. Wasps players were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their No 8, Nathan Hughes, for the collision which left George North unconscious last Friday night. Alun Wyn Jones can put his body on the line for the Ospreys and Wales.
AP McCoy was presented with the Champion Jockey trophy by Ian Wright. The 40-year-old finished third in the bet365 AP McCoy Celebration Chase. McCoy was joined by his wife Channelle, daughter Eve and son Archie on his last day of racing.
Orlando City beat Portland Timbers 2-0 at Providence Park. Former Real Madrid ace Kaka and Canadian international Cyle Larin scored the goals. Darlington Nagbe proved the Timbers biggest threat, but Aurelien Collin and co stood strong in defence to earn Orlando their second away win of the season.
Adam Gemili says Usain Bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice. The British sprinter says he is nowhere near Bolt's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon. Gemili has announced his participation in the Sainsbury's Anniversary Games this summer.
British cyclist Becky James has been sidelined for a whole year with injuries. James is hoping to return to regular training soon after spending a year on the sidelines. The 27-year-old has been supported by National Lottery funding throughout. Sportsmail's Road to Rio cyclist is desperate to get back on to the track.
AP McCoy has two rides at Sandown on Saturday before he retires from racing. The 20-time champion jockey will have six rivals in the Grade One Celebration Chase. Colleague Andrew Thornton says McCoy has a technique 'you wouldn't teach to anybody' McCoy and wife Chanelle will host a party at home on Sunday for family and friends.
Arsenal will not start the season at the top of the Premier League table. Bournemouth's promotion means Gunners will start season in second place for first time in 100 years. The Cherries official name is AFC Bournemouth, meaning their name would start ahead of Arsenal's by virtue of the alphabet. Arsenal have theoretically started each season since 1915/16 at the summit of England's top tier.
AP McCoy finished third on Box Office in the Bet365 Handicap Hurdle at Sandown. The 20-time champion jockey said it was 'the hardest day' of his life as he left the paddock. McCoy said: 'Someone will break my records. All records are broken. I just hope I am dead when they do' Princess Anne described McCoy as 'the epitome of a professional sportsman' Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger congratulated McCoy on his 'outstanding career'
AP McCoy will retire after two decades at the top of his sport on Saturday. The 15-year-old left his home in Moneyglass, County Antrim, to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey's life at the stable of Jim Bolger in County Kilkenny. Claire McCoy says seeing Anthony leave left her heartbroken She admits she still cant believe her boy stuck it out at Bolgers academy for four and a half years. Arsenal legend Ian Wright will present AP McCoy with his 20
AP McCoy has two final rides at Sandown on Saturday before retiring. The 40-year-old jockey insists he will never return to professional racing. McCoy will be handed his 20th Champion Jockey trophy by guest presenter Ian Wright. A sell-out crowd of 18,000 is expected at the racecourse on Saturday.
Palermo president Maurizio Zamparini has slapped a £36m price tag on Paulo Dybala. Dybala is wanted by Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Inter Milan, Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain. Roberto Mancini was spotted at the Stadio Ennio Tardini on Sunday, when Palermo lost 1-0 against Parma.
Samantha Cameron, Justine Miliband and Miriam Clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers, in more ways than one. Sam Cam put her best foot forward on the campaign trail in west London. Well, almost. Mrs Cameron took her shoes off before entering the home of local businessman Baljinder Hansraas and before anyone could scream: Holy footcream! she unleashed them.
Plane made a crash landing and skidded off the runway at Hiroshima Airport. There were 74 passengers and seven crew on board the Asiana Airlines flight OZ162. Plane spun 180 degrees after impact to be left facing the wrong way on the runway. Airbus A320 had set off from Incheon International Airport in Seoul, South Korea.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon. Olivier Giroud has scored 18 goals for the Gunners so far this season. The Frenchman believes the Premier League is Chelsea's this season but Arsenal will contend next. Giroud wants to end the season with Arsenal in second and another FA Cup win.
RBS has racked up £50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers. Bank lurched to a £446million loss for the first three months of the year. RBS was forced to put aside £856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided. It includes an extra £334million for its part in rigging the foreign exchange market.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Theo Walcott has struggled to maintain a first team place under Arsene Wenger this season. But the forward believes the Gunners have been the 'best team in Europe' this year. Walcott believes Arsenal could lift the Premier League title if everyone stays fit.
Thierry Henry said Arsenal need a 'top quality striker' to win the Premier League. Olivier Giroud has scored 14 Premier League goals for Arsene Wenger's side this season. Francis Coquelin has defended his Arsenal team-mate after criticism from Henry. The Frenchman believes the Gunners 'can win titles' with Giroud in attack.
Mario Gomez opened the scoring for Fiorentina in the 43rd minute. Dynamo Kiev's Jeremain Lens was sent off shortly before the interval for an apparent dive. Mohamed Salah came close to doubling his side's lead in the closing stages. Juan Vargas came off the substitutes' bench to ensure progression for the Viola. The Viola will face either Napoli, Sevilla or Dnipro for a place in the semi-finals.
Dame Sally Davies has ordered a cost review into giving free vitamins to under-fours. The country's chief medical officer is said to be concerned at the number of cases of rickets. Rickets is caused by a deficiency in vitamin D and can cause deformities such as bowed legs. Disease was a scourge of Victorian Britain and was virtually eradicated after WWII. But it is now returning as more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games. Experts blame lack of sun exposure and overuse of sunscreen for the problem.
Jack Wilshere has been out of action since November with an ankle injury. Manchester City are interested in signing the England international. Arsene Wenger insists he will not be leaving the Gunners. Wilshere, Mathieu Debuchy, Mikel Arteta and Abou Diaby all available for selection after long-term injuries. CLICK HERE for all the latest Arsenal news.
Bolivias Cal Orcko paleontological site is the result of tectonic activity, forcing earth upwards and preserving the precious trackways so that dinosaur tracks are seen on a vertical 'wall' The wall, which is the largest dinosaur trackway in the world, is approximately 390 feet (120 metres) tall and features tracks made by at least eight species of dinosaurs. The attraction, at Fancesa limestone quarry in Sucre, comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints - and frequent landslides reveal new ones. Some of the prints belong to unknown species,
Ravel Morrison has signed a pre-contract agreement with Lazio. The 22-year-old was released from his last contract at West Ham due to disciplinary problems. Morrison is currently training with the Serie A side ahead of his summer move. Click here for more transfer news.
Cat and mouse battle it out on a shed roof in Shepton Mallet, Somerset. Photos were taken by cat's owner Jason Bryant who confirmed inevitable outcome. They illustrate the perils the tiny rodents face in the town with cats like Mouse. 'My cat is a very good mouser. She often brings them into the house at 3am and then I can rescue them,' he said.
US researchers claim that exact prices of goods on eBay attract higher offers than round numbers. When the initial price is a round number, such as $1,000, the average counteroffer is between five and eight per cent lower than if it is a non-round number. Sellers with round numbers are more likely to close a deal six to 11 days sooner, and are up to 5 per cent more likely likely to sell at all. But sellers with prices that end in 00 typically receive offers that are five to eight per cent lower than those with more specific
Yevhen Shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection. The Ukrainian midfielder latched on to a Ruslan Rotan pass to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time after last week's goalless draw in Belgium. Brugge set the record for most Europa League games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the opening game of the group stage earlier this season.
Lee Joon-seok had been ordered to serve 36 years in prison for negligence. But this was increased to life in prison today by an appellate court. He was convicted of homicide by account of his 'willful negligence' The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year, killing 304 people. Most of the victims were teenagers en route to a southern island for a school trip.
We Are Handsome Activewear show was held at White City Tennis Club in Paddington on Tuesday night. Models included former Commonwealth Games pole vaulter turned yogi Amanda Bisk, Australian Ballet star Juliette Burnett, and Yogi and Instagram star Sjana Earp. Lindy Klim was excited to be returning to the 'catwalk' for the first time in nine years, and since becoming a mother. The 37-year-old said she wasn't nervous despite being absent from the runway in nearly a decade, and the age difference between herself and the other participants
Carlos Bacca gave Sevilla the lead from the penalty spot after five minutes. Vitolo was brought down by Neto in the area and Bacca slotted home the penalty. Salomon Rondon and Hulk hit back for the hosts in the second half. Kevin Gameiro saved his goalkeeper's blushes with a late equaliser. Sevilla are through to the last four of the Europa League.
Palaeontologists in China say the fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago. The new dinosaur, named Yi qi, had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings. It had finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bats wing. Scientists believe the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap through the air. This suggests that several different types of winged dinosaurs evolved in an attempt to fly. Yi qi fossil was discovered by a local farmer in Mutoudeng
Visa Restrictions Index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free. Each country was given a score by global consulting firm Henley and Partners, who specialise in residence and citizenship planning. Finland, Germany, Sweden, the UK and the US are in first position, with access to 174 countries. Somalia, Somalia, Pakistan, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq take the bottom three spots. North Korea and Cuba are ranked at 86 and 69 for most restricted travel freedom.
Jaysh Al-Islam - or Army of Islam - released video of impressive military parade. Show off 1,700 troops, fleet of tanks and special forces soldiers in impressive display. The group, which opposes the Syrian regime, is led by Sheikh Zahran Aloush. He calls for the 'cleansing' of all Alawite and Shiites in Damascus and calls for 'war on Allah' The Salafist leader is considered one of the most powerful leaders in rebel-held Syria. Saudi Arabia has reportedly sent millions of dollars to arm and train the group's fighters
Serena Williams defeated Carla Suarez Navarro 6-2 6-0 in the Miami Open final. World No 1 Serena Williams claimed her eighth Miami Open title in 14 years. Williams dedicated the title to her father, who was watching from the stands. Click here for more tennis news.
Australian designer Akira Isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on Wednesday morning. Teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models' faces. Hours after Akira's show, models at Bondi Bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look.
Between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in Baltimore on Monday were also used some 825 miles away in Ferguson during the peak of last summer's violence. The firm said the link suggests the presence of 'professional protesters' or anarchists who are in Baltimore and are looking to take advantage of Freddie Gray's death. One account tweeted photos of Gray's funeral and used language anticipating Monday's violent clashes.
A man in Hallett Cove, South Australia, smacked a huge wolf spider with a broom. Hundreds of baby spiders came crawling out of the spider's body after the attack. After giving the spider some more whacks for good measure, the man was heard saying: Its dead. After killing the spider he then used the broom to sweep up what was left on the floor.
Puffin was spotted swimming in Grand Union canal after apparently flying into London. The confused bird was spotted near the A4 flyover at Brentford earlier this month. Puffins are usually found in Iceland and the North Atlantic and usually swim in the sea. Bird was given some fish and wrapped in a blanket before being handed to specialist centre.
Neymar opened the scoring for Barcelona in the 14th minute with a tuck of the ball past PSG goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu. Brazilian team-mate Dani Alves doubled the lead on the half-hour to make it 4-1 on aggregate. Zlatan Ibrahimovic had the ball in the net for PSG but it was ruled out for offside after 17 minutes. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Andres Iniesta were all on the scoresheet as Barcelona eased to a comfortable win.
Charlie Bothuell, now 13, was found in basement of his family's Detroit townhouse last June following an 11-day search. On Tuesday, he testified against his father and stepmother in court, saying his home was a'very terrible' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe, forced to rise before dawn for workouts and isolated from other kids. He revealed his treatment was so horrific, he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents' torture. Charlie, who wore glasses, white shirt, tie and black pants for his hour-long testimony, was speaking publicly for
Serena Williams beat Sara Errani 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-3 in a Fed Cup play-off on Sunday. The win gives the United States a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series. Williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners but made three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked Italian.
Mirko 'Cro Cop' Filipovic stopped Gabriel Gonzaga in the third round. The heavyweight rematch was a rematch of their first fight eight years ago. Filipovic had not fought in the UFC since 2011. Jimi Manuwa made a successful return to the Octagon after a year on the sidelines by outpointing Jan Blachowicz.
Eugenie Bouchard crashed out of the Miami Open to Tatjana Maria in the second round. The 21-year-old was reduced to tears after losing to world No 85 Lesia Tsurenko at Indian Wells. Bouchard has a 6-4 win-lose record this year and has struggled since reaching the Australian Open quarter-finals in January. Serena Williams is on course to continue her unbeaten start to the year after reaching the final.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova beat Sabine Lisicki 4-6, 7-6 (4), 6-3. Svetlana Kuznetsova had earlier beaten Julia Goerges in straight sets. Russia needing one win from Sunday's three matches to reach the final.
A newborn baby girl was found dead inside a garbage can outside an Ohio sorority house last week. It has now emerged the baby was born alive and then suffocated. The child's mother is a student at the small school in New Concord, authorities said last week, but they have refused to release her name. No charges have been filed. In 2002, a baby boy was found in a dumpster and his mother served seven months in prison.
Chad Geyen, 45, of Ramsey, Minnesota was found dead on Sunday of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Geyen was charged with multiple counts of sexual abuse against young boys, including his own foster son. He was out on bail since he was first charged in November 2013, and was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of criminal sexual conduct.
Serena Williams faces Carla Suarez Navarro in the Miami Open final on Saturday. The world No 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year and looks unbeatable. Williams was taken to three sets by Simona Halep in the semi finals in Florida. If she wins on Saturday she will have earned £4.33m in prize money already this season.
ISIS jihadis were fighting local groups in Hammam al-Alil when they needed treatment. Doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group's activities. They were then brutally murdered in the northern Iraqi desert. News comes as jihadis executed 60 Sunni tribal fighters in Iraq's Anbar province. More than 200 Yazidi prisoners set free in northern Iraq after nearly a year in captivity.
Gloucester face Edinburgh in the European Challenge Cup final on Friday. Jonny May will start on the wing for the hosts at the Stoop. The 25-year-old has lost his England starting place to Jack Nowell. Edinburgh are confident of upsetting Gloucester but the Cherry and Whites are expected to have a vastly superior support.
Serena Williams defeated Camila Giorgi 7-6 (5), 6-2 on the clay in Brindisi, Italy. The win gives USA a 1-0 lead over Italy in a Fed Cup World Group playoff. Williams improved to 19-0 this year and 15-0 for her career in Fed Cup.
Petra Kvitova beat Caroline Garcia 6-4,6-4 to send Czech Republic into the final. Czech Republic will face Germany or Russia in the final of the Fed Cup in November. The Czech Republic are the current reigning champions and have been in four finals in five years.
Finnish navy says it dropped depth charges onto suspected submarine in Finnish sea. Border patrol boats first identified an underwater target yesterday and again this morning. Defence minister says it is extremely rare for the military to use such warning charges. Comes after a year of Russian air force sorties and military border exercises with Finland.
The 42nd PFA Awards took place at the Grosvenor House in Mayfair on Sunday. Tottenham striker Harry Kane is up for Player of the Year and Young Player of Year. Frank Lampard and Frank Lampard Snr were among the stars to arrive at the bash. Premier League stars including David de Gea and Wayne Rooney were also in attendance. Eden Hazard, Alexis Sanchez and Diego Costa are all in the running for the award.
Shocking new video appears to show 30 Ethiopian Christians being beheaded by ISIS. Shows militants holding two separate groups captive, thought to be in Libya's south and west. At least 16 men are lined up and shot in desert while 12 others are filmed being marched down beach. Militants described as 'followers of the cross from the enemy Ethiopian Church' Raises fears ISIS is consolidating presence on 'doorstep of Europe', as Libya is just a few hundred miles from the coast of Italy. It follows another video in February of the beheading of a group of 21 Coptic
500ft-long Oryol was in dock at Zvezdochka shipyard in Severodvinsk, 620 miles north of Moscow, on the White Sea. Defence sources said the submarine's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out. The submarine's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was over.
Bolton secured their Sky Bet Championship status with a 3-0 win over Cardiff. Eidur Gudjohnsen opened the scoring for the visitors before Craig Davies bagged a brace. Emile Heskey provided two assists for Neil Lennon's side who now have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone.
Novak Djokovic beat Rafael Nadal 6-3,6-3 in Monte Carlo Masters semi-final. World No 1 will face Tomas Berdych in Sunday's final. Djokovic is bidding to win his third Masters title in a row. Nadal is struggling to rediscover his spark after wrist injury and surgery.
Gloucester fly-half James Hook has won 77 Test caps for Wales. The 29-year-old has made just two starts for Wales since the last World Cup in 2011. Hook says he hasn't given up on earning a Wales recall ahead of this summer's World Cup. Warren Gatland's final 31-man cut could prove beyond him, however.
Gruesome photographs show man being led out of van handcuffed and blindfolded. He is then seen kneeling on the floor surrounded by men with guns and a meat cleaver. The next photo shows the man after he has been murdered with his severed head on his body. His beheading is believed to have taken place in Hama, Syria, for being an 'alleged blasphemer'
Victoria Police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against Ms Gibson. One of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception, but it had been dropped. Consumer Affairs Victoria said the investigation is continuing. Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia they visited an Elwood home last Tuesday evening 'as part of a welfare check' The Whole Pantry founder has expressed concern over her family's safety. She said her son's childcare details, her home address and floor plan had been posted online. Ms Gibson also hit out at some of her critics, saying some had responded'mal
Units from multiple fire departments were called to a fire just west of Grand Valley State University in Michigan after an April Fools prank involving fireworks sent one apartment unit up in smoke. Four girls live in Apartment 4 of Building B of the Campus West Apartments. Fire officials said one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate; the firework landed in a laundry hamper, setting the contents on fire. No one was hurt and the girl is not expected to face charges.
Military leaders in Norway are nervous about Russian presence on'strategically important' coastline. Some experts have criticised shutting down of Olavsvern Naval Base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near town of Tromsoe - which has been closed since 2009. It was originally shut because country's leaders thought threat from Moscow was reduced. But fears have once again peaked after three Russian ships spent entire winter docked. In February, RAF planes intercepted two Russian bombers which had flown into Irish airspace. Follows separate incident when Royal Navy had to intercept Russian warship in English Channel.
Killer pilot Andreas Lubitz searched the internet for information on suicide and depression. Investigators also found search terms for disorders such as 'bipolar' and'manic depressive' German aviation regulators say they were never made aware of Lubitz's mental health issues. Lubitz perished in the crash alongside all those on board after locking his co-pilot out of cockpit and deliberately accelerating into the French mountainside.
The spiced, sweet rolls with a cross on top used to be eaten all year round in Britain. Queen Elizabeth I tried to ban them, possibly finding the cross a little too Catholic. The move was greeted with uproar, so she compromised, saying they could only be sold on Good Friday, at Christmas and for burials. Nowadays supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers, from miniature sizes to new flavours like toffee fudge chunk and apple and cinnamon. Harriet Arkell has tested out the best of the batch this Easter to pick her favourite bun.
Gender equality rules, laid down by the EU Court of Justice, came into effect from December 2012. They meant that many car insurance firms had to change their pricing policies. Car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses and social workers. But insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male.
DelRea Good of Portage, Indiana says that on March 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for Porter County Sheriff's Department Patrolman William Marshall. Good says that when she was ordered to pull over, she put on her emergency flashers, and waved her hand out the window to let the cop know that she was aware of his presence and that she planned to stop. She finally turned off the gas at a well-lit Kohls parking lot. Marshall claims that Good was 'highly agitated and uncooperative' and said she told him, 'I don't
EE shops will give away free portable chargers to stop phones running out of battery. Customers will be able to swap the 'power bar' for a new one at any EE shop for free. Chargers will also be free to EE customers, and other smartphone owners can also sign up to the service.
Astronomers have used a telescope in New Mexico to watch a star take shape over eight years. Images were taken 18 years apart, the first with the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array in 1996 and the second by an international team of astronomers led by the National Autonomous University of Mexico last year. The star  known as W75N(B)-VLA2  is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun. But what has most excited astronomers is the change in shape of the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star.
Binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood. This puts young people at risk of anxiety disorders and alcoholism. Alcohol changes genes in brain cells, which stop the cells developing connections. But a cancer drug may be able to reverse the damage, University of Illinois researchers found.
Bill and Hillary Clinton spent $104,000 in taxpayer money on hotel rooms for Secret Service agents when they vacationed in the Dominican Republic over the New Year's holiday. A Dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons Alfy and Pepe Fanjul at Casa de Campo, a private Dominican resort they own. Casa de campo is also at the center of criminal allegations now dogging a Democratic U.S. senator. Sen. Bob Menendez is accused of accepting money and trips from wealthy donor Dr Salomon Melgen in exchange for the influence
Quarterback Tom Brady updated his Facebook page on Wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast. He had shared a video on Saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation. According to the caption, it wasn't the cliff jump that got him but Michael Jordan, who was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago. Brady wrote: 'Jordan's crossover no joke!'
U.S. coffee giant is being probed by the European Commission over methods used to lower its tax bills. Starbucks ran its European division - including UK - through the Netherlands. But it paid just £1.9million in tax to the Dutch government, from a reported £300million profit. It is now claimed the company may have used a British company to put hefty sums from its Netherlands branch into the UK. A UK-registered holding business called Alki LP was set up to house the branding of the business.
The unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled by commanding officers. The 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including Pubic Hair, The Kotex Song and Bestiality. One of them, The S&M Man, is set to the tune of The Candy Man and describes sexually mutilating women and dragging AIDS victims behind a bus. Another one of them comes with the warning: 'THIS SONG IS ONLY FOR A VERY FEW SICK PEOPLE
Dodge Durango can be seen hurtling at 60 mph towards the school bus on an Oklahoma highway at 8.20am as 36 7th grade students are being driven to school. Footage taken from the bus's windscreen dash-cam captures the screams of 36 pupils on board as the car crashes into an SUV. Five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene. The 44-year-old driver of the SUV, a man with a history of seizures, had to be cut out of the wreckage. He is recovering in a serious condition in
Steven Allison, 37, was jailed for 30 months for sexually assaulting two women. He failed to appear at Bradford Crown Court in February last year and fled to Sydney. But he was posting pictures of himself looking tanned and happy in new life Down Under. Police teamed up with colleagues in Australia and Interpol to track him down in Canberra. Allison, who goes by 'Stig' on Facebook, posted pictures of his former life in Yorkshire and boasted about his bachelor lifestyle.
Over 50 families have contributed heartfelt messages to new moving art installation. Created as part of HSEs Beware Asbestos campaign, it is on display in Covent Garden, London. The installation is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases. Joe Joiner, whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to asbestos, created it.
Ukip source reveals party planned to mention number of foreign patients suffering from TB. But when it was discovered antiretroviral drugs to treat people with HIV were more expensive, a decision was taken to use that example instead. Farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said of the 7,000 diagnosed with HIV, 60 per cent were born abroad. Douglas Carswell refused to endorse Mr Farages remarks.
Thomas Brock, 30, was fatally shot at his home in Pasadena, California. Police say he was involved in a road rage incident with another motorist. Mr Brock was then followed to his home where he had a fist fight with him. Brothers Steven Rodriguez, 24, and Jacob Rodriguez, 29, have been arrested.
Dispatchers received a call at 5.15pm on Thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital in Louisville, Kentucky. A nurse who was also stuck in traffic helped the mother through the delivery and dispatchers eventually arrived to assist. The roads were closed to allow the president to travel from the airport to downtown Louisville.
Heston Blumenthal's restaurants make it into list of world's top 100 restaurants. Celebrity chef's Fat Duck and Dinner by Heston Blumenthal come in at eighth and 25th. Alinea, run by the uber-talented Grant Achatz, retained its crown for fourth year running. US has 19 of the best restaurants in the world, followed by France with 14 and UK with eight.
Dan Bilzerian forced to make film after being arrested for shooting exploding targets. Bureau of Land Management fined him $10,000 but also strong-armed him into making film. Film shows him speaking from desk in his home with gun candle holder and action figurine. Urges people to'shoot responsibly and follow the rules' and 'clean up the land' Bilzerian has 7.4million followers on Instagram where he posts images of wild parties and guns.
Teachers warn schools are struggling to cope with influx of children unable to speak English. Union conference heard schools are now dealing with pupils speaking up to 300 languages. English-speaking children are not getting their 'fair share' of attention from teachers. It takes some pupils up to seven years to gain adequate language proficiency for academic work.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT MAY OFFEND READERS. Islamic State militants destroyed hundreds of boxes of American-produced Halal chicken. The meat was slaughtered according to Islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption. But it was burned after jihadis noticed labels on the boxes suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the United States. ISIS considers it so beyond the pale that hungry refugees are banned from eating the meat.
Påhoj was designed by Swedish designer Lycke von Schantz. It has a 'lightweight chassis' and is 3.2ft (1 metre) tall. The product will launch on Kickstarter next week but prices are not yet known. A child is strapped into the seat in an almost vertical position. Once they arrive, the parent can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen at 10am on Monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high Ben Nevis in the Scottish Highlands. He failed to return to his accommodation in the Fort William area yesterday, prompting staff to alert police to his disappearance. Police Scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker and believe he attempted to climb the mountain alone. The RAF Sea King continues to search for Mr Knox today, despite yesterday being its last day before handing over to civilian helicopters.
Gov. Sam Brownback signed the 'Kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act' into law on Tuesday. The law bans the so-called 'dilation and evacuation' procedure and redefines it as 'dismemberment abortions' Brownback has presided over one of the nation's most aggressive pushes to limit abortions, resulting in at least 20 laws restricting the practice. 'This is a horrific procedure,' Brownback spokesman Eileen Hawley said. 'He hopes the nation follows suit'
London Mayor praised the Coalition for having kept down unemployment. Said more jobs being created was 'one of the absolute moral triumphs' of government. Comments seen as an attempt to position himself as a future party leader. Mr Johnson is standing to be a Tory MP in a west London constituency. Labours Stephen Pound accused the London Mayor of 'breath-taking cheek'
Hagrid the lamb is thought to be the biggest ever lamb born in the UK weighing 25lbs. The Suffolk Cross was born on a farm in Gelston near Grantham in Lincolnshire on Tuesday. His owners believe he towers over his peers at 14inches tall and five inches heavier. Despite his size the lamb was born naturally and his mother is making a good recovery.
The 60-year-old Oscar-nominated actress turned down the role of Carmela Soprano because she had already played a mobster's wife in Goodfellas, nine years earlier. Bracco accused show creator David Chase of lazy casting and said she wanted to play Dr. Jennifer Melfi, Tony Soprano's psychiatrist.
Anthony Horowitz said books by David Walliams are witty and entertaining But he said they are nowhere near ambitious enough and dumbed-down for young readers. The 59-year-old novelist and screenwriter singled out Gangsta Granny and Diary Of A Wimpy Kid. Suggested they should follow example of authors such as John Green and write up for children, not down to them
Detective Patrick Cherry of the NYPD's Joint Terrorism Task Force has lost his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty, police officials said Wednesday. Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver known only as Humayun honked his horn. The cop pulled over the Uber cab and launched a tirade, questioning the diver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. He also mocks the driver's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words. 'No good cop should watch that video without a wince
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in state prison on Friday for running a'revenge porn' website. He was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. Bollaert ran ugotposted.com and changemyreputation.com, a site that allowed people to anonymously post nude and embarassing photos of women without their consent. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013. Victims were charged $250 to $350 to remove the
The 44-year-old Academy Award winner was at Barnes & Noble in Los Angeles last week to autograph copies of her children's book 'Randi Rhodes Ninja Detective  The Sweetest Heist in History' But before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line, demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust. 'Octavia was mean, rude and horrible to everyone,' former Octavia fan, Angel Guzman explained to the Daily Mail. Spencer won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her performance in The Help.
The former White House intern would be a 'run away success' on The View, a network source tells Daily Mail Online. She would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that Hillary Clinton or President Bill Clinton would ever appear on the show again. 'Barbara believes that Monica, 41, could make The View competitive and compelling and while a lot of Washington's elite may scratch the show off its must-visit press list, the younger demographic of online users would tune in daily to see what she had to say,' said the source. The
Shadow chancellor says voters have lost £1,100 each due to tax and benefit changes. Claims'millions paying more while millionaires pay less' as PM hails'money-back Monday' Cameron has claimed Labour are planning to increase taxes by £3,028 on 'every working family' But Mr Balls says Tories will hike VAT and cut top rate of income tax for millionaires. Nick Clegg blasts Labour's policies as 'economically illiterate' but warns George Osborne is'very dangerous'
John Chapple, originally from North Devon, first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography. He has captured all types of landscapes, including grassy fields in England, major US cities, and sandy beaches in Australia. When asked for advice during a 2012 interview with Landscape Photography Magazine, Chapple said 'Invest in a good alarm clock, a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod'
Rand Paul will announce his candidacy for president on April 7 in Louisville, Kentucky with the populist slogan 'Defeat the Washington machine. Unleash the American dream' Paul has taken heat in recent days from libertarians for softening some of the principled stands that have defined his brand since Kentuckians sent him to Washington. An Iowa Republican Party official told Daily Mail Online that 'Rand Paul is going to have problems if he thinks he can position himself as an outsider' 'That can work for a governor,' he explained, 'and maybe for his father, who was outside the mainstream in just about every way
RSPCA were called to a house in Lawrence Weston, Bristol, after complaints from neighbours. One horse was found living in an alleyway so narrow it could not turn around, while the other was chained to the ground. The animals are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house for around a month. They have now been moved on by their owners following warnings from the RSPCA.
Two-bedroom property in Snodland, Kent, was rented by Len and Beatrice Barnes in 1915. Couple raised their son Gordon and three daughters, Freda, Hilda and Gwendoline in the house. It was passed to Freda when they died and she died in December, aged 99. Howard Knott, 70, son of Hilda, is now selling the house, which is on the market for £164,500. Simon Miller estate agents is holding an open day at the house tomorrow.
Tablet computer found at Lubitz's apartment revealed he searched for cockpit door security. It also revealed he had used internet search terms such as suicide and cockpit doors. Comes after it emerged he told doctors he was on sick leave rather than flying. 27-year-old was also prescribed anti-anxiety drug Lorazepam to combat range of disorders. People who use it are advised not to drive a car, let alone fly a commercial jetliner. Medical experts say it can also increase the risk of self-harm at the start of treatment. Second black box from flight
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, is the son of Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami. He and his brother Jean, 17, were arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday. Marc allegedly threatened to kill a police officer while in custody, according to a separate police report. The boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $5,000, and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother's BMW with diplomatic plates. Gunfire broke out soon
Defence Secretary says Labour leader willing to weaken UK to win support from SNP. Claims Miliband'stabbed his own brother in the back' to win the Labour leadership. Miliband says Tories 'descended into the gutter' and Cameron'should be ashamed' Attack comes as Tories pledge to build £100billion fleet of four new Trident submarines.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, has pleaded not guilty to shooting Odin Lloyd five times in the chest and back in June 2013. Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from Hernandez's home. Prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on January 29. On the final day of testimony, the prosecution heard from William Zane, of the state medical examiner's office, who used a mannequin to point to where Lloyd was allegedly shot. Jurors could be sent to deliberate as early as next week
Chancellor said Labour had 'form' on jacking up income tax and National Insurance. Insisted Ed Balls and Ed Miliband would do the same if given chance after May 7. 'Ed Miliband and Ed Balls have done it all before  and they would do it all over again' David Cameron said voters would pay 'heavy price' for a Labour government which would be 'looking in your payslip' for tax. Also condemned Labour's plans to abolish the married couples tax allowance.
Boobesh Palani, 26, passed away at Wellington Hospital on Monday night. He was rescued from shark infested waters at Burdan's Gate, Eastbourne, about 10.30pm on Monday by two teenage girls after they heard his screams for help. Police released images of Mr Palani lying in his hospital bed in the hopes an appeal to the public would help identify him. Mr Palani was known to a New Zealander travelling in Sri Lanka who saw his photo online and told the police of his name. His family and friends said they were grateful the police were able to identify
ICRC has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies to Yemen. Coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against Iran-backed Shi'ite Houthis. The UN last week said that more than 500 people had been killed in two weeks of fighting. On Saturday it called for a 24-hour humanitarian pause in the conflict to allow aid to reach people cut off by air strikes and to save the lives of'streams of wounded' But hopes of getting aid into the country by tomorrow are fading as they seek clearance from Arab states waging the air strikes.
Marina Lyons, 80, took her dog Rosie to the PDSA PetAid Hospital in Hull for surgery. The Lhasa Apso had surgery to remove her spleen after a scan detected a suspected tumour. Operation was successful but when she returned home she noticed bruising. Vets told her it was from the operation and said she didn't need to see her for four weeks. Not satisfied, she took the dog for a second opinion, when the burns were discovered. Rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn and is expected to have a skin graft
Shinto Kanamara Matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction. Participants carry phalluses in honour of a god of fertility, child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections. Spectators can buy lollies, sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade.
Pension firms said Britons remained baffled about how the radical pension reforms worked. Since Monday, over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots. First people to cash in their pots began to receive their money yesterday. Pensions firm Fidelity Worldwide Investment said it had 1,300 calls about pension freedoms. But several calls a day have been from people under-55 trying to access their cash.
Sudheer Khamitkar, 42, shot his 38-year-old wife Smita and their two sons Arnav, 10, and Arush, 6, before turning the gun on himself at their Tulsa, Oklahoma home on Wednesday. The bodies were found on Wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check after the mother failed to show up for work or call in sick for two days. There was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought.
Prime Minister visited a primary school near Bolton to unveil Tory education policy. He was upstaged by six-year-old Lucy Howarth as he tried to help her read a story. PM wants to see children who get poor SATs results forced to resit them in secondary school. The resit plan would mean 100,000 pupils taking a new test in English and maths. Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt dismissed the proposal as 'desperate'
'Remediation costs' wiped out 61% of banks' profits between 2011 and 2014. Banks set aside £4.7billion last year to compensate customers for payment protection insurance. Another £2.3billion was earmarked to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets. Total charge for wrongdoing last year  £9.9billion  was only 8% less than the previous year.
PM let the BBC film him preparing lunch at his Oxfordshire home two weeks ago. Then this weekend it was the No 10 kitchen that was the focus of attention as he made a pitch for the family vote by being pictured at breakfast with wife Samantha and their three children. Tonight you can see the Downing Street kitchen all over again as they gather round the breakfast table (white marble and costing £750) for ITV News.
'Marilyn Einstein' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines. At normal viewing distance, healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on Einstein's face, causing the brain to disregard Monroe's image altogether. This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The trick can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen.
A researcher says a 'bone flute' found in Slovenia is not an instrument. Instead, he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks. The bone was discovered in 1995 at the Divje Babe Archaeological park near Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Dr Cajus Diedrich said the holes are teeth marks, and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed. He says Neanderthals may have created and worn the world's first jewellery 130,000 years ago, according to scientists.
Police in the southern state of Santa Catarina arrested the gang's lair. The loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back. Picture of the line of gang members and their guard dog has since gone viral in Brazil. Police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine, as well as weighing scales, guns and ammunition.
Pelvic organ prolapse, or POP, occurs when tissue supporting organs becomes weak. Complications include an uncomfortable dragging or full feeling, discomfort during sex. Up to half of women suffer to some degree, but far fewer seek help. Many who do are offered just one solution: a hysterectomy. Leading gynaecologist claims thousands may be undergoing the drastic operation needlessly. Surgeons claim not enough women are offered the half-hour keyhole procedure. It uses an implanted mesh sling made from nylon to lift
Researchers from London and Edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human. It uses a process known as 'natural language generation' (NLG) This is the process of producing readable texts in English, or other languages, automatically on a computer. These computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists at Heriot-Watt University and University College London. If the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the BBC's website.
Jennifer Drew, 31, has saved £17,000 over three years by using coupons and websites. Mother-of-one spends an hour a day searching the internet for deals and coupons. She has accumulated so many products and groceries that they fill a room of her house. Mrs Drew, from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, is so keen on a bargain she even bags items she does not need and gives them away to friends.
Self-made multi-millionaire bought three-bedroom townhouse off-plan in Park Circus area of Glasgow in 2011. She paid £780,700 for duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013. It now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than £1 million. Ms Mone will move back into five-bedroom mansion in Thorntonhall, Lanarkshire, where she and Michael lived with their three children after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband.
Protesters mounted Admiralty Arch, which joins Trafalcon with the Mall, and called for others to join them. Banners bearing messages such as 'better squat than let homes rot' and'respect existence or expect resistance' were seen hanging from the Grade-I listed building. Five protesters from anti fascist group 'Autonomous Nation of Anarchist Libertarians (ANAL)' called for support in a message on their Facebook page. They are believed to be the same group who took over the former offices of the Institute of Directors on Pall Mall last month.
Audrey Dimitrew, 16, of Virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 Chantilly Juniors club but was benched first two tournaments of the season. She was told she did not have the skills to compete with the team. Her coach then told her she could transfer to another club or be a practice player. Audrey chose to transfer teams and found another club, NV Premier, who wanted her but the league cried foul and said no to a transfer. The teen and her family have filed a lawsuit against the league, Chesapeake Region Volleyball Association, seeking for Audrey to
The kidnapper who claims to have masterminded the kidnapping of Denise Huskins in California says he will turn himself in, but only if his co-conspirators are given immunity. In yet another email to the San Francisco Chronicle, the individuals wrote that police could accept this offer, or that he would 'go overseas and teach English' or 'live off the grid and read books for the rest of my life' This came just one day after the group demanded an apology from the police for calling the entire incident a hoax. Huskins, 29, was allegedly snatched from her home by kidnappers who
David Cameron, of the Conservatives, narrowly topped the polls assessing who 'won' 33% of 7.4 million viewers hailed Cameron as 'the most impressive' on subject of economy. But pollsters refuse to predict whether it will be Cameron or Ed Miliband who takes the top job in inevitable coalition after votes are cast. Nicola Sturgeon, leader of the pro-independence Scottish National Party, was widely touted as one of the victors in the debate.
Samantha Giufre, 19, was dragged behind a car and left for dead in a gutter in Casula, south-west of Sydney, on September 7, 2014. She suffered multiple fractures to her skull and face, along with bleeding on her brain, and may have been left blind in one eye following the incident. One man has been charged in relation to the violent incident, but police are searching for others they believe were involved. On Wednesday one of her alleged attackers, 18-year-old Basher Hawchar, was supposed to front court but instead sent legal representation.
Gen Nakatani promised lawmakers there had been no alien breach of Japanese airspace. Nakatani said war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but so far they have not encountered visitors from space. MP Antonio Inoki asked if aircraft were dispatched to meet extra-terrestrial visitors and 'whether studies aliens are going on'
Danel Hall Jr was walking down the street in Centre Point, Alabama. A third person suddenly started shooting at the aggressive dog, it is claimed. Bullets hit Danel in the stomach and a second pedestrian in the buttocks. Danel was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life. The dog's owner, Trayvon Smith, denies accusations he was the one shooting.
Lady Penelope is this time voiced by Gone Girl actress Rosamund Pike. She has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern lady secret agent. Geeky scientist Brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an Indian accent. Even Lady Penelope and her faithful chauffeur Aloysius Parker have been given slight tweaks.
The five-second rule has been cited to justify picking up everything from a salt and vinegar chip to an assortment of cold cuts. Food Safety Information Council spokeswoman Rachelle Williams said the rule is a'myth' Dry foods are things such as potato chips, lollies, nuts, biscuits, crackers and uncooked rice or pasta. Wet foods are cut fruit, cold meats, ham, salami, dairy products, and cooked rice.
The state Board of Parole Hearings granted parole to 63-year-old James Schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the California man. Schoenfeld, his brother, Richard, and a friend, Fred Woods, were convicted of kidnapping 26 school students aged 5-14 and their bus driver Ed Ray in 1976. The kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom. Their plot, which they had worked on for 18 months, unraveled when they took a nap,
NBC sketch show parodied the daytime CNN Newsroom, which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering. But the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the Germanwings crash, U.S.-Iran diplomacy, and domestic politics. Animated graphic of a man opening a door, and a producer's image of what the doomed pilot going to the bathroom may have looked like graced the screens, mocking their coverage of the tragedy.
Jon Huxley, 46, hopes to attract guests from the gay and swinging communities. He plans to install sex swings, bondage rooms and dungeons at his hotel in Folkestone, Kent. The 46-year-old hopes the craze in Fifty Shades of Grey can help transform his business. For months he has been in a dispute with Shepway District Council over the use of the building.
Rabie Dardouna, 33, says he has been 'duped' into selling valuable Banksy work for £100. The popular street artist is believed to have visited Gaza earlier this year, leaving behind four murals. One, titled 'Bomb Damage,' depicted Greek goddess Niobe cowering in rubble of destroyed house. But Mr Dardona says he was tricked into selling door to local artist for just £100, unaware of its true value. He is now demanding the decorated door is returned, saying: 'I heard it can be sold for millions. Now I
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing from a campsite in central Victoria for four days. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park near Lake Eildon at 9.30am on Good Friday. Emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around the national park in an effort to find the boy. The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite. Police say he may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide
Geraldine Alcorn, 29, of Pittsburgh, has waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the girl's legal custody. Prosecutors dropped two other misdemeanors she faced: luring a child into a vehicle and corruption of minors. Alcorn allegedly encrypted her phone number on the 11-year-old's math homework, exchanged thousands of text messages with her and even spoke of adopting and running away with her. The girl's mother, a single parent, complained to school officials after finding out Alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working.
Dark.Cyanide climbs up some of the city's tallest buildings, without ropes or harnesses, in search of the perfect view. Many of the 18-year-old's vertigo-inducing images show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers. He describes himself as an 'urban historian' and 'NYC photographer' and says he likes photographing New York because it is huge and constantly changing.
Genes for Good is a Facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users. They can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes. It was set up by biostatisticians from the University of Michigan and is available over 18s in the US. Sending a spit sample is voluntary, and users only become eligible once they've completed 15 of the Health History Survey questions. After completing each survey, uses can view their own results as well as see summaries about how these results compare to other participants. Each member who submits a sample will also
Summer Michelle Hansen, 32, was sentenced on Friday to three years in state prison and must also register as a sex offender for life. She entered a guilty plea in February to 16 felony counts related to sex acts with her five underage male students at Corona-Norco Unified High School in California. Parents of the victims were upset that the judge approved her plea agreement, as she could have faced 13 years in prison if convicted at trial. Hansen was under investigation two years ago after a former student at Centennial High School came forward and said he had sex with her. Prosecutors said the crimes took
Sydneysiders missed out on Saturday night's lunar eclipse, but Melbourne and Adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the 'blood moon' Wet and cloudy weather was to blame for Sydneysiders missing out on the view, but the Sydney Observatory captured every moment with their equipment. Brisbane, Darwin, Canberra and Hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions. The eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28.
Louis Jordan, 37, was picked up by a German-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on Thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing. He was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat, Angel, which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of Cape Hatteras. A Coast Guard helicopter crew from North Carolina flew to the ship and airlifted Jordan to a hospital in Norfolk, Virginia. Incredibly, she said Jordan was in good condition despite a broken collarbone and dehydration. While stranded, he had dreamed of eating
Tutti Rouge's Jessica goes from a 28D to an HH cup size. The bra features a pocket which allows a cookie to sit on the outer bust to push the bust inwards. Ashley James, who is a size E, models the bold new Jessica collection.
Chloe the wombat is now one-year-old and lives at Taronga Zoo in Sydney. She recently moved into her new digs alongside a couple of echidnas. In an adorable video, Chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidna. When she's not napping, Chloe likes to follows her keeper Evelyn Weston around the zoo. The pair have been inseparable since Chloe came to the zoo three months ago.
ABC has asked Big Bang Theory co-creator Bill Prady to mastermind the revival. A pilot episode is due to be filmed next weekend in Burbank, California. Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear and other old favorites will take the reins again. New characters could include a girlfriend and in-laws for Fozzies.
Marylin Stoneman, 64, stole £22,650 from her grandmother's 98-year-old partner. She had been entrusted with his financial affairs after he went into care home. But she began withdrawing up to £200 a day to feed her gambling addiction, court heard. Stoneman admitted stealing the money but was ordered to pay back just £1,350. Victim Douglas Woodrow said he felt betrayed by the gambling addict who 'took everything' She was handed a suspended sentence of two years with 200 hours of unpaid work.
Kennel Club says seemingly harmless foods such as hot cross buns can be killers. Around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014. Painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning, followed by rat and mouse bait. Dark chocolate can cause sickness, diarrhoea and fits and trigger heart problems. E-cigarettes feature more prominently among poisoning cases.
Former England footballer launches scathing attack on the head of Ukip leader Nigel Farage. Match of the Day pundit says Ukip leader would 'leather it over the bar' during debate. Former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand also criticises the leaders on Twitter. Opinion polls produced mixed results on who had 'won' last night's TV election debate.
Mass brawl broke out Friday night at a bar opening inside the Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York. Patrons turned on one another around 10pm, punching, kicking, shouting and re-purposing casino decorations as weapons. Ambulances could be seen outside tending to the wounded, which included guards and officers.
Lt. Col. Anthony Shaffer said on Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor on Monday night that Bowe Bergdahl 'had Afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the Taliban' The former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 Naval Criminal Investigative Service investigation. Bergdahl's Article 32 hearing will be held July 8 at Fort Sam Houston, Texas - he is charged with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy.
EU has been investigating the US search engine for five years following complaints that it abuses its dominance in the continent. If found to have been behaving unfairly, Google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues, which would be more than £4 billion based on last year's performance. Shopping, comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the EU.
First Lady Michelle Obama appeared on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday night to promote her Let's Move! anti-childhood obesity campaign. She and Fallon showed off their moves to a cover of I Like The Way You Move. It was a follow-up routine to one they did in 2013, in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids. Michelle said she has a 'no treat' rule in her house if her daughters Sasha and Malia don't eat their vegetables.
Lizzie Borden and her family are buried at Oak Grove Cemetery in Fall River, Massachusetts. The Borden family burial monument was defaced with black and green paint on Monday. Borden went on trial for brutally murdering her father and stepmother with a hatchet in 1892. She was acquitted, but her innocence is still questioned even today. A Lifetime miniseries about her life, starring Christina Ricci, premiered on Sunday. Cemetery director Tony Eaton said: 'I'd like to catch the guys who did it'
The Federal Court of Australia has ordered internet companies to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online. This includes iiNet, Internode, Amnet Broadband, Dodo Services, Adam Internet and Wideband Networks. Justice Nye Perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual. The details of the individuals had to be kept private by the film makers.
The total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of North America, Asia and Australia on Saturday night. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. According to one US pastor, the event was predicted in the Bible and hints at an imminent world-changing event. Nasa says the change in hue is entirely harmless.
Half of French 18 to 25-year-olds have consumed alcohol with the sole aim of getting drunk, compared to 33 per cent ten years ago. French health chiefs say the practice is an 'Anglo-Saxon phenomenon' and is being copied. Critics say it's a case of double standards as children are encouraged to drink wine at table. Health minister Marisol Touraine wants to impose fines and prison sentences for inciting binge drinking.
Normal petrol and diesel engines which make up majority of vehicles would be barred. Only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars would be allowed in the UK in 2040. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said he wanted to tackle 'dangerous levels of air pollution' He said it cut average life expectancy by up to eight months.
NASUWT officials say the hospital waiting-room-style signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families. Some 82 per cent of 3,500 members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months, up from 52 per cent in the unions survey last year. Meanwhile 38 per cent suffered similar problems with parents or carers. 23 per cent had received threats of physical assault from a pupil, up ten percentage points.
14 of the UK's top cake artists created the eggs as part of a feature for Cake Masters Magazine. Each of the intricate treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work. The eggs were on display at Cake International in London last weekend and feature in this month's issue.
Maxwell Morton, 16, has been charged with first-degree murder in the death of Ryan Mangan, 16. Morton allegedly shot Mangan in the face with a 9mm handgun at Mangan's home in Jeannette, Pennsylvania, on February 4. A police officer testified Wednesday that Morton was trying to take a picture of Mangan with the cellphone aimed down the barrel of the gun before pulling the trigger. The defense attorney for Morton, Patrick Thomassey, said the shooting was an accident. Thomassey said Morton panicked and took the selfie to send to a friend via Snapchat as
Mike Heatlie, 42, attacked Fiona McCartney outside nightclub in Edinburgh. He asked her for a cigarette but she did not give him one and he then punched her. Ms McCartney, 43, lost a tooth and was left lying unconscious in a pool of blood. She is now facing a £7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home. Heatlie was once voted as one of Edinburgh's most eligible bachelors and claims to have helped train Stefani before her 2009 U.S. tour.
Big Brother star and glamour model unveils summer collection with Honeyz.com. Full of boho frocks, paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for summer. Inspired by seventies influence spotted on the SS15 catwalks. Says launching her own range is a 'dream come true'
Kecil the baby orangutan was born at Toledo Zoo, Ohio, but his natural mother rejected him. He was moved to Milwaukee County Zoo and given to a surrogate, but she did not bond with him either. In a final attempt to find a parent for him, he was handed over to Maggie at Brookfield Zoo, Chicago. Maggie, 53, has raised four of her own children and a fifth surrogate which was given to her in 2002. She and Kecil are now inseparable, and have been pictured cuddling up to each other. Kec
Lawyers claim French media endangered lives of hostages by revealing location live on air. Amedy Coulibaly stormed into the Hyper Cacher Jewish store in Paris in January. He killed four people and took others captive before being shot dead by police. Lawyer Patrick Klugman said images broadcast 'lacked basic precautions' and endangered those still alive inside.
Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death from her family's flat in Hong Kong. It is alleged British businessman Nick Cousins, 57, and Filipino Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, never registered the births of Blanca and her 14-year-old sister Carla. Mr Cousins was released on bail yesterday pending police inquiries. Police have applied for a 'care and protection order' for his second daughter. Ms Cousins remained at a detention facility.
Diwalinen Vankar, 58, went with her daughter Kanta, 19, to the Vishwamitri River to wash clothes. A crocodile grabbed Kanta's leg and dragged her into the murky river in west India. Vankar grabbed her daughter's hand to try and pull her free from crocodile's jaws. But the crocodile clasped its jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth. Quick-thinking mother then decided to attack crocodile with her washing paddle. She said: 'Her leg was trapped between the piercing teeth as she cried in
Syed Viqaruddin - said to be leader of Tehreek Ghalaba E Islam terrorist group - was killed. He had been in custody since 2010 for allegedly carrying out a series of attacks on police. Was arrested for allegedly killing two officers and setting off two bomb blasts in Hyderabad. Police say he asked the police van to stop in a deserted area for a toilet break this morning. But when it stopped, he 'tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape' Five men were killed in shooting, while just one of the 17 officers guarding them
Andy Murray beat Tomas Berdych 6-4, 6-1 in the semi-final of the Miami Open. The Scot will face Novak Djokovic in the final after he beat John Isner in straight sets. It will be Murrays first Masters level final since he won the title in Miami two years ago. Murray and the Czech star clashed in the Australian Open semi-finals in January. Both players questioned the chair umpire during the first set.
Police were called to Boonies Bar in West Palm Beach, Florida, on Friday night. They got a report about a woman offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave. The bar manager said Beatrize Carrion-Moore, 23, was 'extremely intoxicated' She was charged with trespassing after warning, resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
Ben Morgan has not played for England since breaking his left leg in January. The Gloucester No 8 underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg last week. Morgan is hopeful of featuring for England at the forthcoming World Cup in September. Stuart Lancaster is due to name a 45-man World Cup training squad next month. CLICK HERE for all the latest England news.
Raymond Frolander, 18, was jailed for 25 years for sexually abusing 11-year-old boy. He was caught performing sex act on boy at home in Daytona Beach, Florida, last July. Frolander, who had been molesting boy for three years, was then beaten unconscious. On Thursday, he pleaded no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation of a victim younger than 12. As part of plea deal, he will be listed as sexual predator, be on probation and monitored. Victim's father said Frolander will 'learn why I let him live
The Queen was just eight when she first attended the pre-Easter service in 1935. The then Princess Elizabeth was pictured in Westminster Abbey in her smart bonnet. Eighty years on, Her Majesty was there to present alms to 89 women and 89 men. Monarchs have been presenting Maundy Money since King John of Magna Carta in 1210. She was joined by the Duke of Edinburgh for the traditional ceremony at Sheffield Cathedral.
Bird made the most of a damaged street light by collecting moss, grass and straw. Blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs. Jeanette Rosenquist, 47, was on her way to work from her home when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post.
Police twice called to aircraft after 'disruptive' passengers mutinied on tarmac. Pilots of Qatar Airways flight landed at Birmingham airport after severe winds foiled two landing attempts. Passengers were made to stay in seats as they waited for plane to be refuelled and new crew to arrive. Police were first called to tarmac when some passengers 'kicked off', according to witness. Officers returned two hours later after reports that angry passengers were trying to disembark. Footage taken in Manchester airport shows passengers becoming frustrated with airport staff. Some claimed they had been waiting
Haley Mulholland became suspicious husband Kevin was having an affair. She became suspicious after reading his Facebook page. The mother-of-eight monitors her husbands movements and checks his phone. Haley even sniffs her husband to see if she can smell another woman's perfume. Despite his infidelity, the couple still share a house in Bristol. Kevin has to sleep on the living room sofa.
Dr Milton Wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in Earth's stratosphere for several years. Now he claims he has new evidence of these 'extra-terrestrial organisms' floating 25 miles (40km) above the planet. He says the organisms test positive for DNA, and have masses that are'six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from Earth to this height' The organisms, he claims, are contained in a microscopic metal globe designed by an intelligent species to'seed' alien life on Earth. His research has been widely criticised
Eleven percent of computer scientists currently in higher education haven't had sex. Art and sociology pupils were most likely to have had sex, with just one per cent claiming they were virgins. In contrast, pupils enrolled in Arts subjects like history and English were far more likely to lose their virginity either before or at university. A shocking 1.66 per cent of students revealed they first had sex at 13 years of age or younger.
Jose Alberto, 58, was found dead next to a scarecrow in San Jose de Balcare, Argentina. Neighbours reported the smell of rotting flesh coming from his house to the council. Prosecutors believe he died while having sex with the scarecrow, which was wearing a wig and lipstick.
Steven Abberley, 28, hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the House of Commons in October last year. He shouted 'you are all just liars' at Prime Minister David Cameron and the rest of the chamber. Then threw the glass balls from the public gallery, but they missed MPs and hit a security screen. When arrested, he told police officers that he had daubed the words 'the enemy within' in red paint on the palace's walls. Unemployed protester given suspended sentences for criminal damage and threatening behaviour.
Tong Shao, 20, a chemical engineering student at Iowa State University, went missing in September 2014. Her body was found stuffed in the trunk of her car on September 26. Police believe she had been in the car for three weeks. Xiangnan Li, 23, was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive. However he bought a one-way ticket to China in the days after she went missing and has disappeared. An arrest warrant has reportedly been issued for Li, who is wanted for murder.
#a**holeparent has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world, admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning, feeding, and entertaining their children to their immense dissatisfaction. Most of the photos show children crying, followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so.
The Gilmore Gas Station was a backdrop for the shenanigans of Steve Martin and Eddie Murphy. It was listed as a Los Angeles cultural monument in 1992, but was soon after left to vandals and graffiti artists. Coffee giant Starbucks bought the garage in Los Angeles last year and have now finished its transformation into a drive through coffee shop.
In a world where girls grow up fast, should these online hot or not videos really surprise us? Half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat, with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets. Feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success. And if they feel they do not belong, they often start to avoid school.
The inscriptions were found in Naours - a two-hour drive north of Paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the Somme. The site's proximity to the battlefields, where more than a million men were killed or wounded, adds to the discovery's importance. One inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read: 'James Cockburn 8th Durham L.I.' It's cut so clean it could have been left yesterday and is just one of nearly 2,000 century-old inscriptions
Staff at Ceva Logistics in Redford, Michigan, had no idea their co-worker had been pregnant until Tuesday morning. The 26-year-old woman, who has not been named, delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead. It remains unknown at this time whether the baby was born alive, or whether the death was a homicide.
The Hospital of Dolls, or Ospedale delle Bambole as it is known in Rome, was built by the Squatriti family 60 years ago. Today their descendants, Federico, 52, and his 82-year-old mother Gelsomina continue the family tradition. The mother and son team painstakingly restores hundreds of toys - carefully mending the porcelain heads and re-attaching the limbs.
Scar Booth offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies. Its makers boast: 'Your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating' Anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising abuse and brutality. 'Scars and bruises do not have to come from violence,' says developer.
The 45-year-old man, who did not want to be identified, had a condition called arteriovenous malformation for the past 20 years. It is a tangle of blood vessels in the brain which diverts blood from the arteries to the veins, bypassing normal brain tissue. The Vall d'Hebron hospital in Barcelona carried out the 27-hour operation in February. A team of 45 doctors, surgeons, nurses and anaesthesiologists took part in the operation. Doctors say it is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date.
Little Foot fossil was found in South Africa's Sterkfontein cave in the 1990s. Dating technique shows it is roughly 3.7 million years old. Lived at roughly the same time as Australopithecus afarensis, the species whose most famous. fossil, Lucy, is known as Lucy, comes from Ethiopia.
DirecTV has pulled the plug on its popular advertising campaign featuring 80s heartthrob Rob Lowe after complaints by rival Comcast. The cable company complained to the Better Business Bureau's National Advertising Division (NAD) that the ads featured a number of false claims. NAD has ruled that several of the campaign's claims couldn't be substantiated. It highlighted inaccurate claims concerning signal reliability, shorter customer service wait times, better picture and sound quality and a better sports package.
Neanderthals suffered from tuberculosis, typhoid, whooping cough, encephalitis and the common cold. Scientists from Cambridge University and Oxford Brookes University say new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of Neanderthals. They speculate that pathogens like Heliocbacter pylori, the bacteria that causes stomach ulcers, were brought to Europe by humans as they migrated out of Africa and may have infected our prehistoric cousins. Neanderthal populations became more isolated and developed very small gene pools. This would have impacted their ability to fight off these new diseases.
Clare Hines was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures. One week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant. Doctors warned Ms Hines that the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation. They also warned her that her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly. But she decided to keep the baby and give birth to her son Noah. Seven weeks after Noah was born she had surgery to remove her tumour. She woke up in January 2013 with completely lost hearing in her right ear.
Pete Evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain 'Sumo Salad' The food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to Evans' recent paleo controversies. They have decided to take their marketing in a different direction and this does not include Evans. This comes at the same time Evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook 'Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month.
DNA-like fragments may have come with 'instructions' that guided their growth. This is based on a discovery in the 1980s that RNA can chemically alter its own structure. The self-assembly of DNA fragments just a few nanometres in length have the ability to drive the formation of chemical bonds. These connect together short DNA chains to form long ones, without the need for a separate biological process. Study suggests the way in which DNA emerged in the early Earth lies in its structural properties.
Poundland has been forced to pull decorative plastic Easter Eggs from their shelves. Trading Standards officials in Buckinghamshire and Surrey raised the alarm over the Chinese made decorations. The eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown'speckle' designed to make it look like a quail's egg.
Rebecca Eldemire, 21, was shot repeatedly in the face with a.357 Magnum by her boyfriend, 27-year-old Larry Tipton, before turning the gun on himself on Sunday morning. Eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol, according to the coroner's report. She was shot at 'intermediate' range, the report says--meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank. Tipton left a suicide note at the scene and another note at his Columbus home. The day before she was murdered, she called police to
James Ramirez, 37, said he has concerns over the care of his wife Gillian Nelson. She died after complications arose with the birth of their son Wesley. He was called to Princess Royal University Hospital in Bromley, Kent, at 3.45am. Miss Nelson, 34, had given birth by the time he arrived at 4.25am, inquest told. Mr Ramirez said she was 'delirious, spaced out, obviously tired and pale' He stayed in the room with his wife until she was taken to theatre at 6.30am.
Almost all ISIS commanders are former members of Saddam Hussein's Baathist army. They played prominent roles in Iraqi army before 2003 invasion of Iraq and became involved with ISIS either in the resulting insurgency or after dictator's 2006 execution. One former Syrian rebel who became an ISIS regional commander said he found that almost all of the highly secretive officials overseeing all aspects to the terror group's day-to-day business were ex members of Hussein's army.
The dome-like Hue Go can be controlled wirelessly from any iOS or Android device via the Philips Hue app or any app developed for the lamp. The bridge is what links the app to the hi-tech bulbs. Linked to Wi-Fi, it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time. Hue Go can also be synced to music for a disco effect, as well as to television programmes, films and video games to create more of an atmosphere. It uses a rechargeable Li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge.
Scott Suggs, 28, and Brandy Kangas, 36, arrested after police received anonymous tip. Found 17-month-old boy and two girls, aged three and four, in'sparsely furnished' room. They were locked in room, which was'stained with human urine and feces' Children were fed meals through homemade 'gate' and'remained at all times' Couple pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in Fredericksburg, Virginia. Given six-year suspended sentences, 10 years of 'good behavior' and probation by judge.
Chiropractor Gertrude Pitkanen would sell newborn babies to adoptive parents for as little as $100 in Butte, Montana, in the 1920s and 30s. Heather Livergood, now 69, was given up for adoption in 1946 but has been reunited with brothers Gary and Bob, who live in Grantsville, Utah. She discovered her birth mother was called Violet Weyland Sandberg, who got pregnant with another man's child while her husband was away at war. Bonnie Gower, who was adopted when she was three, said she was always told she
Huw Davies, 34, from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales, has been searching for work for 13 years. Graduated from University of Glamorgan with BSc (hons) degree and three A-levels. He has worked in South Africa, Kuwait and the desert kingdom of Saudi Arabia. But all the jobs have been on short, fixed-term contracts and he has had to dig deep into savings.
LA-based Facercise creator Carole Maggio has a celebrity and royalty-packed client list. Her books and DVDs are available on Amazon and ship within days. The Furrow Smoother involves spreading the fingers across the centre of the forehead for 30 seconds. Sarah pulls her fingertips down while pushing her brows up to work her forehead muscles.
Faith and Hope Howie were born on May 8 last year with one body and two faces. They died in hospital less than a month after they were born. Their parents, Simon Howie and Renee Young, laid them to rest at Pinegrove Memorial Park in Sydney's west. Family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues, flowers, pebbles and toys over the past 11 months. When they arrived on Thursday, everything had been removed apart from a bunch of flowers.
3,118 unidentified students were accepted as freshmen by University of Florida. They had applied for traditional first-year slots, but accepted online classes instead. Part of new program - the Pathway to Campus Enrollment (PaCE) - which started in 2015. It aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the public college in Gainesville. Will likely help expand enrollment in the university's new $15million online program. PaCE 'didn't fully exist' last fall for the 2016 admissions season, says university's Provost.
ISIS militants entered Yarmouk camp as Jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with Syria. Move follows heavy clashes on Syrian side between rebels and government forces. Militants reportedly entered camp from nearby Hajar Aswad neighborhood in southern Damascus. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS managed to take control of large parts of camp. Palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years.
Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the fundamentalist Mormon sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago. Tetzner was granted full custody of her four children last week and tried to pick them up from their aunt's home in Colorado City, Utah. Hundreds of cult members physically prevented her from reaching the home where the children were staying. Police eventually had to pry the children from the home and take them back to their mother's waiting arms. The family is now living in a safe house.
Boden's profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and remained flat for 2013. But the fashion world is raving about their latest collections. Can this latest collection keep its core, middle-class customers happy, while appealing to the more fashionable woman? With the mid-season sale now on, Clare Goldwin tries a selection of their latest outfits.
A family of four was enjoying a day out in Portland, Maine on Friday when a white man yelled a racial slur at them before speeding off. The man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed 'Hey n*****s!' at them. Several bystanders witnessed the incident, including a local news reporter for WCSH 6 and WLBZ 2, Jackie Ward. Ward shared her account of the story on Facebook, as a'reminder for us to be kinder to each other' The story has since caused a stir in Maine - shocking some residents of the
The University of Houston said in a statement Tuesday that it was paying McConaughey speaking fees totaling $135,000 plus travel expenses, as well as a $20,250 commission to the Celebrity Talent International booking agency engaged by the university. The university initially balked at revealing the fee, citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency. However, the university says its business with the agency is now finished. Meanwhile, the actor is donating his fees to his jk livin Foundation, which the actor started to help high school students lead active lives.
Grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair. Instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies. The trend can be tracked back to Jean Paul Gaultier's catwalk show at Paris Fashion Week featuring silver haired models earlier this month.
Bikram Choudhury, 69, has been accused of sexually assaulting six women. He has strongly denied the allegations in an interview with CNN. 'I never assaulted them. I feel sorry for them... They're entranced by lawyers,' he said. Choudhoy pioneered Bikram yoga, which involves working out in 105F heat. Fans claim it leaves them stronger and more flexible than standard yoga. Chelsea Clinton, Madonna and Demi Moore are among his followers. Six women have filed civil lawsuits accusing him of unwanted sexual advances.
The current crop of male leads are sporting a 'pretty but gritty' look. Shows such as Poldark, Vikings, Outlander and Game of Thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches, leather and chain metal. So who are the actors behind this new breed of slightly grubby yet enticing sex symbol? And do they ever wash their hair?
Kalman Kallai travelled from Borden, Ontario to Comox, British Columbia. The nine-day journey covered 2,796 miles (4500km) of land and 4500km of land. He travelled in a green rocking chair that he acquired for free from online ad site Kijiji. Travelled with his dad for part of the journey and the pair shared many laughs. Mr Kallaii said that he heard some interesting stories about his father's youth that he hadn't heard before.
Chris and Nicole Peppelman were found dead inside their Lower Moreland, Pennsylvania home Tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons. The couple, who owned a local excavating company, were both found with chainsaw cuts to their bodies. So far, only the death of the wife has been classified as a homicide. That suggests that the incident may have been a murder-suicide. Friends and neighbors say the couple was going through a rough patch and that Mrs Peppelman had moved out of the house with their three sons.
Images of sexist toys posted on Twitter under hashtag #NotAnAprilFools. Let Toys Be Toys campaign is calling on retailers to stop labelling products by gender. Campaigners say gender stereotyping is 'almost impossible to escape and is very limiting' Psychologist Dr Linda Papadopoulos told MailOnline it is essential to challenge stereotypes.
Go Set a Watchman, a sequel to To Kill a Mockingbird, will be released on July 14. Lee, 88, lives in a nursing home in Monroeville, Alabama, and has been deaf and blind since 2007. State officials investigated two separate claims that she was manipulated into publishing the book. Investigation has now been closed, and Lee is of sound mind to make her own decision.
Within ten minutes of tomorrow night's episode, fans will see Aidan Turners dashing Ross Poldark gaze lovingly at his new baby daughter. He may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty, but as he tells her that she makes him a better man, audiences can have little doubt about his feelings. What is rather less convincing, however, is the timeline of the pregnancy.
Mick Schumacher made pre-season test debut in Formula 4 at Oschersleben circuit. The 16-year-old was pictured accidentally driving through gravel by side of the track. Teenager was involved in 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in Brandenburg, Germany in March. He was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he skidded out of control and onto gravel. Rookie's boss Frits van Amersfoort says youngster will need time to learn 'trade of racing driver' His father Michael has won a record seven
All Saints Church in Wolverhampton re-scheduled the service so that vulnerable women can attend their regular Thursday sessions tomorrow. Decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on Christmas Day and New Year's Day because they both fell on a Thursday. Religious leaders have praised the initiative as reflecting the core values of Christianity.
Sjaak Rijke was abducted by extremists in November 2011 from a hostel in Timbuktu along with two other people. French President Francois Hollande said some militants were killed and others captured. Rijke is being cared for by Dutch embassy staff and troops in Mali.
General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Kentucky, has been shut down after a six-alarm fire broke out at 7am Friday morning. There are no known injuries in the fire, which broke out in a non-production building where up to 50 people would work during a normal day. A fire department spokesman said that the building made plastic products. The cause of the fire is not yet known. Residents were told to stay in rooms with the fewest possible windows and shut off any ventilation from outside. Hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building,
Mike Whitehead was standing against Labour's Alan Johnson in Hull West and Hessle. He claimed he was joining Ukip after becoming 'disgusted' at Tory behaviour in his area. But the Tories this morning revealed they had already dropped him as their candidate. Mr Whitehead said he was sacked last week after he revealed he was standing as an independent. Nigel Farage said it was 'another hammer blow' for David Cameron ahead of general election.
Aidan Turner has been signed up for a second series of BBC period drama Poldark. The 31-year-old has won legions of dedicated fans since stripping off in the 1970s TV show. About 8.1m people on average watch each episode of the period drama every Sunday night.
Max Factor is the brand widely accredited for transforming Monroe from a mousey brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935. The 26-year-old South African bombshell oozes old Hollywood glamour in the series of shots, which see her don a platinum blonde wig, a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick.
Australian families will indulge in tonnes of chocolate, millions of hot cross buns, and mountains of fresh seafood and meat. Woolworths customers will purchase enough prawns that if laid out would stretch from Sydney to Cairns. FEMAIL has asked experts to advise what tipple to pair with our favourite seasonal foods, from seafood and lamb to traditional Easter treats.
Lindsey Walker, from Darlington, stayed at The Rex Hotel in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside. She and her partner were invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door. The family, upset with the standard of their £82-per-night room, sat in reception instead of going to sleep. Ms Walker, 23, said: 'I was in my pyjamas with a two-year-old and was shaking and scared' The hotel was taken over by Malhotra PLC in January, who have plans for major refurbishment
The ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new Thai restaurant in the Motor City. They not only want exposure for their new business but also to promote Detroit as an alternative for New Yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them. There are four billboards - two in Manhattan and two in Bushwick in Brooklyn - which went up about a month ago.
Jennifer Houle, 22, vanished from a bar in Minneapolis in the early hours of Friday and was later captured on surveillance footage walking alone on a nearby bridge. It is not yet clear whether she fell or jumped from the bridge, which is 110ft above the river. Her purse and phone were found in the street near her apartment at 3am on Friday, suggesting she had tried to walk home. On Wednesday, a body was recovered from the Mississippi River. The medical examiner's office identified the body as Houle's on Thursday. She died of freshwater drowning.
Antonio Valente, from Dallas, Texas, learned that his Facebook photos were being used on a fake account and ultimately scammed an Austrian woman out of $4,000. The profile used his pictures but the name 'Johnson Michael Lynn' and claimed he was from Ohio. It also showed photos of Valente's head pasted onto another person's body in hospital. Marianne Heinrich, who lives in Vienna, said she does not expect to get her money back.
Amber Rachdi, 24, from Troutdale, Oregon, weighed 11st by the time she was five. At 46st (657lbs) she was virtually housebound and in constant pain. Doctors warned that she would be dead by the age of 30 if she didn't lose weight. She had to lose 17lb before being allowed to have weight loss surgery. Has since lost 20st and tips the scales at 26st - half her former body weight.
Kim Callaghan, 39, piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children. Her weight reached a worrying 20st 3lb and she worried she was losing her femininity. Worried that her husband would not see her as the'sexy' woman he married. Joined Slimming World in secret and lost a stone in her first three weeks. Slimmed down to 9st 10lb and ditched her baggy clothes and unflattering clothes.
Scientists at the University of California found a new type of virus that infects primitive bacteria that live deep below the surface of the Earth. The new virus causes one of its genes to mutate - allowing it to adapt to harsh environments. It is thought to be responsible for allowing the bacteria to survive in the harshest conditions. Virus was found in methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface in the Santa Monica basin off the coast of California.
Donny Ray Williams slipped an intern Ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious. That same year, he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent, prosecutors say. In 2013, he was attacked by a man who tossed acid in his face. He's now blind in one eye and nearly blind in the other. A judge on Friday agreed with a prosecutor's recommendation that he not serve jail time due to his serious injuries.
The women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves. Cleopatra, for one, had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets. Egyptian queen Nefertiti loved to make her own cosmetics, including her own blend of eyeliner using lead-based kohl. Mary, Queen of Scots was said to wash her body in white wine, which was deemed to help boost her complexion.
Piper Kulk, eight, died in hospital on Sunday morning, while her brother William, nine, died later that evening. They were involved in a fatal two-car collision on New South Wales' Central Coast at about 5.15pm on Saturday. Piper was travelling with her two brothers William and Daniel, her mother and grandmother, Glenda and Michelle, and her father, Warwick Milham. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred. It is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended
Bobbi Ann House, 39, and her husband Zackerie House, 27, are wanted for check fraud. Police say they wrote a series of bad checks worth at least $13,500 worth of money. The purchases started in western Oregon in early March, then moved through Oregon coastal towns and into Colorado and Oklahoma. They are now believed to be hiding out camping, with their last fraudulent transaction for a 'large quantity' of outdoors supplies and groceries at a farm and ranch store in Checotah, Oklahoma.
US employers added just 126,000 jobs in March, the fewest since December 2013 and the worst month since November 2013. The unemployment rate remained at 5.5 percent. Employers now appear wary about the economy, especially as a strong dollar has slowed U.S. exports, home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending. Last month's subpar job growth could make the Federal Reserve less likely to start raising interest rates from record lows in June, as some have been anticipating.
Ally Lees, of Alfie Bird's restaurant in Birmingham, created the dish in time for Easter. The omelette contains 12,000 calories and contains 945g of protein - 16 times the recommended daily intake for a man. It took an hour to cook using a massive paella pan and 150 fresh eggs. Ally recommends a group of no fewer than five people tuck into the three food monster.
Greece is due to repay a £330million loan to the IMF on Thursday. There were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment. But Deputy finance minister Dimitris Mardas said Greece will make payment on time. He said: 'We strive to be able to pay our obligations on time. We are ready to pay on April 9'
Louise and Emma say the wide leg trouser is a welcome break from skinny jean. Poppy Delevingne channeled the trend at Chloe's AW15 show in Paris. Celine and Stella McCartney kept it classy with a dressier-style pant for an evening look. To avoid being drowned by too much fabric try a high heeled shoe.
Known locally as Millionaires' Row, the cul-de-sac has 11 white Art Deco houses with private beaches at the end of Hove promenade. The homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer Michael Paget Baxter when overcrowding on British beaches in their heyday meant that a home with a private beach was the last word in luxury. With celebrities occupying six of the properties  Norman Cook and his wife have three, two for them and one for relatives  that leaves just five other houses. In a rare event, one of those has just come on the market, for
Hotelier Danny Lambo, 37, has bought girlfriend Natasha Flynn a £10,000 chocolate bath. Bespoke gift costs £1,000 each time to fill and contains 1.3 million calories of pure milk chocolate. He said: 'Cleopatra was the ultimate queen of luxury so a bath that runs chocolate instead of water was the perfect Easter gift for the queen in my life' Bath is adapted to include a refillable chocolate-warming reservoir plumbed to supply pressurised chocolate flow.
Federal MP Bob Katter released a bizarre statement on his party's website. Accused the Queensland Government of assuming embattled MP Billy Gordon would quit after he was accused of domestic violence. Mr Katter, who is of Lebanese descent, said he's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past. The statement has sparked criticism on social media, with users questioning his terminology. He has since defended the statement, saying he used the term black puppet in light of his personal experiences.
Three former managers of the AIDS Healthcare Foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals. The LA-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who don't know they are infected.
Denise Chiffon Berry, 44, and her son were driving in Hawthorne, California on Wednesday when a stranger in a Cadillac started shooting at them. The mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene, but someone in the car didn't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy. Ms Berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of Kornblum Ave to tell a police officer parked there monitoring traffic. It was as Ms Berry was parking, that the man in the front passenger seat jumped out and shot at her and
Just 28 of 700,000 babies born in UK in 2013 were given the name. That compares to 235 Garys being born in 1996, when name was 147th. In 2013, it didn't even make the top 1,000, according to Office of National Statistics. Some blame shamed pop star Gary Glitter for name's declining popularity. Others suggest Gary Lineker or Take That singer Barlow put some off.
James Bowen wrote a heart-warming memoir about a stray cat rescuing him from homelessness. The former Big Issue salesman has sold more than four million copies of A Street Cat Named Bob. He has also churned out multiple spin offs  earning £500,000 in just three years. But Daily Mail can reveal he continued to have his rent paid for by housing benefit. Since 2012 the taxpayer has forked out £15,500 for him to live in his housing association flat.
Detective Patrick Cherry was filmed ranting at an Uber driver in New York. He was trying to park his Hyundai without indicating when the driver honked his horn. Detective Cherry then pulled over the cab and launched into a tirade at the driver. The NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau is now investigating the incident after it was posted online.
Svetlana Lokhova, 33, was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded 'Miss Dodgy Septum' by male colleagues at Sberbank CIB. She was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings, £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the Central London Employment Tribunal. Tribunal ruled she was a'resilient person' who suffered 'disgraceful' harassment and victimisation by colleagues in the London branch of the Russian-based bank. But ruled harassment triggered 'chronic and long-
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere. else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before contestant Andrea had finished guessing. Manuela was eventually consoled by both Carey and the delighted contestant. She later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming TV moment.
California Gov. Jerry Brown ordered state officials to impose mandatory water restrictions for the first time in history on Wednesday. Brown said Wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the State Water Resources Control Board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels. 'We're in a historic drought and that demands unprecedented action,' Brown said at a news conference held at Echo Summit in the Sierra Nevada. State water officials found no snow on the ground at the site for their manual survey of the snowpack.
Kilcoy State School in north Brisbane is working with Queensland Health after a whooping cough outbreak in the area. Influential diseases expert Professor Matthew Cooper, a professorial research fellow at the University of Queensland's Institute for Molecular Bioscience, has blamed the outbreak on an anti-vaccination trend. Immunisation rates in Queensland have dropped across most age groups since 2010. In 2014 the Metro North region had the highest immunisation rate in the state.
Scientists at the University of Connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces. In a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of, for example, a car passing round a bend or a person nearby. The researchers say echoes and fluctuations in volume are the cues we use to figure out the distance between us and a noise. They used tiny microphones to record the sounds inside rabbits' ears as they played sounds at different locations.
Siobhan O'Dell, 17, from North Carolina, was sent a rejection letter from Duke University. The admissions office told her she had missed out on a place in the 2015 freshman class. But instead of taking no for an answer, she sent back her own rejection letter. She said: 'Despite Duke's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants, you simply did not meet my qualifications. I will be attending Duke University's 2015 freshmen class. I look forward to seeing you then' The image has gone viral, attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since being posted.
Christopher Bridger, 25, attacked three women after separate drinking sessions. He was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges. The HCPC Conduct and Competence Committee removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as 'a serious breach of trust' The women, aged in their 20s, were forced to relive their ordeals after the ambulance worker accused them of lying.
Kris Wardle married his long-term girlfriend Katrina in 2011 with her teenage son, Mark, acting as Best Man. Less than two years later, the HGV truck driver would be a widower, after his beloved wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old Mark. Kris said Mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games. Mark Howe was obsessed with the TV show Dexter which features a serial killer.
Linsey starred in season 12 of Bad Girls Club: Chicago which aired in May 2014 on Oxygen. No details or cause of death have been released. She is reportedly survived by her parents, a brother, and a sister. Her former nemesis Jada wrote on Instagram: 'We may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have or truly understand'
Maria Sevilla and her son, Tyrone, have had their visa application rejected. Ms Sevilla's appeal to the Immigration Department was unsuccessful. She and Tyrone will be deported back to the Philippines within 28 days. Queensland Disabilities Minister Coralee O'Rourke called it a 'cold, heartless decision' The single-mother has lived in Australia with her son since 2007. Her son was diagnosed with autism at the age of two.
Brittany Lyn Hilbert of Orlando, Florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old. Hilbert claims that her much older lover 'body bumped' her during the argument. The man told police that the heated argument was over a friend that he 'didn't approve of Hilbert spending time with'
Kim Jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous 'pleasure troupe' North Korean leaders have traditionally employed them to entertain them. Kim disbanded the group of hand-picked teenagers shortly after the death of his father in the North Korean capital Pyongyang in December 2011. But now that the country's official three-year mourning period for Kim Jong-il has concluded, the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women.
PM spoke to martial arts pupils at Kings Leadership Academy in Warrington. Suggested using jujitsu to 'put Nigel Farage on the floor' in tonight's TV showdown. But he later backtracked, insisting there will be 'no bodily contact' during the debate. All seven party leaders have spent the day preparing for the two-hour showdown in Salford.
Jaye and Matthew Cox delivered their daughter Annabelle at just 20 weeks. Scans showed she had developed a serious form of Spina Bifida. She was born weighing just 290 grams at Canberra Hospital and her parents were able to cradle her in the short five minutes she survived. Angel Gowns is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to turning donated wedding gowns into outfits for babies who die too soon.
Robert Streeter and Robert Hoehn set out to discover clever people in the 1930s. Their book has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers. The answers can be found at the bottom of the page. Here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests so you can discover if YOU are a genius...
The Human Rights Commission said in a notice filed Thursday that there's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the Stonehenge Village complex's fitness room. The rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65, while market-rate tenants aren't, according to a complaint last year from tenants' association president Jean Green Dorsey. It's the latest salvo in an ongoing struggle between property developers to build or maintain rent-stabilized apartments alongside luxury units that go for thousands of dollars more a month.
Japanese engineers are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids. Transvestite entertainer Matsuko Deluxe shared the stage with his 'Matsukoroid' doppelganger for the first time on Saturday night. 'Its unnervingly real,' said one commentator of the programme Matsuko Matsuko, which premiered at the weekend. Robot was developed at a cost of around £55,931 by the Japanese labs.
Radar images from Europe's Sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail. Information from the satellites has been transformed into an interferogram, which provides a colourful and highly detailed view of the Earth's land mass. By comparing before and after images, scientists have discovered Mount Everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster. The tallest point in the world, however, still stands at 29,029 feet. An area 75 miles (120km) by 30 miles (50km) has lifted up 3
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died after he was taken hostage by far-left extremists. He was shot by members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) They uploaded the chilling photographs of him with a gun at his head to social media. A Turkish court imposed the blocks yesterday because they were being shared widely. Access to Twitter, Facebook and YouTube was re-established after the social media sites agreed to remove photographs of the deadly siege, which Turkey has branded 'anti-government propaganda'
Ed Miliband said it was 'not good enough' for workers not to know how many hours they would work. Labour leader said there had been an 'epidemic' of zero-hours contracts under Coalition. He said workers should be given the right to demand a'regular contract' after three months. Critics warn scrapping them could force companies to lay off staff before right to full contract kicks in.
Tomas Driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home. His daughter was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital with breathing difficulties. Infant died later that day after suffering'several injuries', police said. Detectives arrested the baby's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday. The 22-year-old mother, identified by neighbours as Renata Braskyte, has been released on bail pending further enquiries.
Four out of ten Britons betting on the Grand National make their choice purely down to the name of the horse. A surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the TV watching the race every year. Others revealed they sit in the same chair and have exactly the same food and drink during race every time  and even wear the same 'lucky' clothes!
Jennifer Barnett worked at Archway School in Stroud, Gloucestershire, for 17 years. Mother-of-four died last September, 14 months after being diagnosed with mesothelioma. Coroner recorded verdict of death as a result of industrial disease at inquest in January. Husband Nigel told inquest his wife had to cut asbestos while working on farm in her 20s. He and his family believe the asbestos in the school is to blame for 60-year-old's death. Family are now taking legal action against local council over her death.
The singer has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her. Symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue, heart palpitations, paralysis of the face and even dementia. If not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years. Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster also suffers from the disease.
Sue Townsend achieved huge success with The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 133D4. The book was followed by seven sequels, selling in total more than eight million copies. Probate records released last week reveal that Ms Townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust.
Canterbury forwards James Graham and David Klemmer could face demerit point penalties or a temporary game ban for their argument with referee Gerard Sutton. NRL head of football Todd Greenberg revealed that the match review committee would 'look very closely at' their behaviour. He said contrary conduct and detrimental conduct requirements will 'form part of the review' Graham's charges relate to his argument with Sutton when he awarded South Sydney a penalty, while Klemmers was sent to the sin bin for dissent. The highest contrary conduct charge, a grade five, carries a 525-demerit penalty and
Adventurer Oscar Hübinette shredded through the snow on the Tolbachik volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. His friend Fredrik Schenholm photographed his exploits. The 12,000 foot tall volcano suddenly erupted in November 2012, spewing jets of burning hot lava up to 656 feet (200m) high.
The average cost of property in Salcombe, Devon, now tops the average cost in London. According to new data, the seaside town's average property price is £671,759. This is more than the average in some of the UK's most expensive cities, including Oxford, Bath and Edinburgh. The average value of a waterfront property there tops £2million, putting it ahead of some of London's priciest postcodes, including Notting Hill.
Zulkifli bin Hir was a Malaysian member of the Al Qaeda-linked Jemaah Islamiah militant group. He was born 1966 in Muar, Johor, according to his profile at the National Counterterroism Center. Bin Hir no longer appears on the Most Wanted Terrorist list on the FBI's website. Investigators had a difficult time confirming his death because he was killed in a gruesome raid that left 44 police commandos dead.
Daxing Internet Addiction Treatment Centre has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young, mostly male patients. Claims to have 'cured' 75 per cent of them at £1,000-a-month military-style bootcamp. Dr Tao Ran, a doctor and colonel in the People's Liberation Army, is China's leading expert in internet addiction. Believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin.
Mike Hand became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spine. The 39-year-old is almost ready to leave St Helen's Hospital after surgery and rehabilitation. He and his wife Kate, who have an eight-year old daughter, tried to claim for financial support to adapt their semi-detached home as they have no bathroom downstairs. But they were told they weren't eligible as they don't claim any income support or benefits. St Helens Council say they are exploring other ways of supporting the family, including direct payments.
Gertrude Weaver, 116, of Camden, Arkansas, became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. The staff at the Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden said Weaver is in good health. They say she attributes her longevity to treating others well and exercising three times a week in her wheelchair. 'I treat everyone the way I want to be treated,' Weaver told reporters on her 116th birthday when she received a letter from President Obama.
Melbourne mother-of-two, Kady Marsh, was breastfeeding her seven-week-old baby Isla at the Manly Wharf Hotel in Sydney. She was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to over 18s. Hotel general manager Justin Tynan says it's 'ludicrous' to suggest the hotel wouldn't allow breastfeeding. In Australia, women have a right to breastfeed in public. Under the federal Sex Discrimination Act 1984 it's illegal to discriminate against a person or deny services, directly or indirectly, on the grounds
The first generation iPad was revealed by Steve Jobs on 3 April 2010 in California. At the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how popular it would be. Five years and 225 million units later, it seems critics have been proved wrong - for now. But amid falling sales and a new generation of alternative devices, some industry experts have predicted that the iPads days are numbered. Sales for the iPad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 alone.
Richard Hutchinson, 40, from Thornaby-on-Tees, North Yorkshire, has been jailed for two years. He punched his former friend in the face so hard that he was left with a fractured skull. The pair had a 'long-running' feud after Hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it back. CCTV footage shows Hutchinson run into a betting shop and punch his victim in the jaw. Victim was knocked unconscious and needed 16 days in intensive care after the attack. Hutchinson said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and
Experts spent a decade analysing 23,500 mammoth bones from western Europe and Russia. They were found to be riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium. The mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines, and left them unable to walk. In turn it meant the giant animal, which stood 10ft (three metres) high, collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food, or flee hunters. Until now it was thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-Ice Age
The child, whose name has not been released, suffered fatal injuries in the incident at Grant Elementary School in Dumont, New Jersey on March 6 and died later that day. He had been playing chess with another student during recess when he became upset that his opponent didn't say 'checkmate' after beating him, according to a police report. A teacher overheard him saying to the other student: 'Do you want me to do something drastic?' She confiscated a note he had passed to his opponent but told him not to open it until later. When she turned around to look at the boy,
The 28-year-old was diagnosed with leukemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require a blood transfusion. The Sydney woman refused both options due to her religious beliefs. Her baby died in utero three days later and she died 13 days later. Jehovah's Witnesses refuse blood transfusions because they believe the Bible commands them to abstain from ingesting blood.
Verna Fisher, then 81, awoke in total darkness confronted by four men in balaclavas. She tried to cry out for help, but Darren Lewis had his hand over her mouth. Lewis struck the pensioner twice with a metal bar, leaving her covered in blood. Her bed-ridden husband Mortimer, who was 85, was sleeping in another room and woke with a man standing over him, but was powerless to help his wife. Jermaine Kellman, 29, Marvin Sempler, 30, Clinton Jackson, 25, and Darren Lewis, 34, targeted the couple
Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson said Wednesday that he won't sign a religious freedom bill that his state's legislature sent to him on Tuesday. He is sending it back to lawmakers, he told reporters, for amendments that will bring it more in line with the 1993 federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act  which critics say better protected the rights of gays and lesbians. Hutchinson said during his press conference that his son had in part convinced him not to sign the bill into law. 'My son Seth, signed the petition asking me, Dad, the governor, to veto this bill,' Hutchinson said. 'And he
Robert Durst, 71, appeared in court in New Orleans accused of illegal gun possession. Defense team accused police of searching Durst's hotel room without proper warrant. Judge raged at lawyers for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing. Two FBI agents and a state trooper ignored subpoenas and could face contempt of court charges for failing to show up. Durst was arrested on March 14 and is awaiting extradition to California to face murder charges. He is accused of murdering longtime friend Susan Berman in 2000.
Church of Englands ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of Bath's 45°C spring water to power a modern heating system for the abbey. Engineers plan to excavate ancient crypts below the church to tap into a Roman drain where 850,000 litres of natural spring water empties every day into the ground. They hope to divert the warm water instead through a network of underground pipes to provide a world-first natural underfloor heating system. The Abbey, which lies at the heart of Britain's only World Heritage city, was granted planning permission for the unique £18million scheme two
Originally named Ena, the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year. It first undertook war service as HMAS Sleuth in World War I before it sank years later in 1981 near Hobart after hitting an object underwater. Ena was brought back to Sydney where she was purchased and further restored - and renamed 'Aurore' The Edwardian style yacht is on the market for more than $1.2 million and will be up for auction on Tuesday, May 19.
Czech President Milos Zeman criticised by U.S. Ambassador Andrew Schapiro over his plans to attend the annual Victory Day parade in Moscow. Zeman said he wanted to honor Soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives to liberate his country in World War II. The parade marks the Allied win at the Western front in 1945, despite the crisis in Ukraine. In response to the criticism, President Zeman has banned Ambassador Shapiro from Prague Castle.
Homes with Waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more - or £38,831 - than those in surrounding areas that werent near a branch. But having a budget store such as Aldi or Lidl on your doorstep means your house could be worth thousands less. Houses near several different stores enjoyed the highest price premiums.
Crew aboard Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker rescued 40 crew members from sunken vessel Thunder off the coast of Africa on Monday. The conservation group had been pursuing the vessel named Thunder for 110 days in an effort to stop alleged poaching activities in Antarctic waters. Captain Peter Hammarstedt said the captain of the Thunder'started applauding and cheering' when his vessel sank. Sea Shepherd claims that Thunder is one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish in the Southern Ocean. It is believed to be another deliberate move by the vessel to hide evidence of any illegal activities.
Bette Carouze, 78, from Brighton, regularly hits the town with her friend Terry. Single mother of two says other pensioners are boring and spend time complaining about their false teeth. Says she isn't the 'run of the mill' pensioner and has no intention of slowing down. 'I don't want to go back to ironing shirts and saying: "Here's your dinner darling"'
Staff at Scooter's Coffee, in Omaha, were locked out of their Facebook page for 24 hours. Hackers took control of the account after an employee clicked on a malicious link in an email. Instead of normal images of smoothies and coffees, the page was flooded with porn. The company said the images were similar to those posted on Crayola and Delta Air Lines pages. All of the images have now been removed and the company has apologised to customers.
With Easter just around the corner we give you a real life gauge on how much exercise you'll need to burn off your Easter treats. From chocolate eggs to hot cross buns, here's how much cardio is required to burn them off. A 67-kilogram woman would need to run for 40 minutes before the guilt would melt away a four mini solid chocolate egg.
Most Reverend Justin Welby said Christians must use non-violent means of resistance. Called on Christians to support persecuted communities 'with love and goodness' Dr Welby told his congregation that the killing of Christians over the past year had been a 'wicked' development. Praise of martyrdom made as Pope Francis called for governments to intervene in Syria and Iraq.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, turned on her husband's parents at the home she shared with husband Deepak, 34, in Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State. Claiming she would rather live with her parents, she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly. But after moving out, he begged her to go back for the sake of their four-year-old daughter. She agreed but only if he cooked for her, massaged her feet and did all the washing up. Parents-in-law Suraj
Adam Rushton, 37, took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women. Staffordshire Police officer found guilty of five counts of misconduct in public office. Also convicted of breaching data protection rules by obtaining personal data. Rushton, from Longton, Stoke-on-Trent, has been with Staffordshire Police for ten years. Deputy Chief Constable Nick Baker called Rushton 'a disgrace to the police service'
Photographer John Massung was flying over Sebastian Inlet on Thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach. Massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended. Since he wasn't certain what kind of shark was gathering south of the inlet, Massung posted the photos to the Indian River by Air Facebook page. Most responded that the sharks looked like either Blacktips or Spinners, which migrate this time of year to breed.
Florists in Jeff Davis County, Georgia, said they would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding. Christian shop owners have come under fire after an Indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation in the state. Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed a 'fix' to his state's controversial legislation on Thursday that said it could not be used to discriminate against gay people.
The 28-year-old actress has been living in London for the past year and says she doesn't see herself returning to the States any time soon. She recently appeared in a West End production of David Mamets Speed The Plow - for which she received lukewarm reviews. The Mean Girls star says she is'much happier' in London and is looking forward to getting her career back on track.
Lianne Hindle suffered a cardiac arrest at North Manchester General Hospital. The 37-year-old's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the maternity unit. Her partner Chris Barnes and his sister Karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies. Mr Barnes, who suffers with cerebral palsy, has been left to care for the couple's three-month-old daughter Poppy, and her three brothers, Morgan, 15, Zac, nine, and Louie, seven.
Eleven former Atlanta public school educators were convicted Wednesday of racketeering for their role in a scheme to inflate students' scores on standardized exams. The defendants - including teachers, a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs. A 12th defendant, a teacher, was acquitted of all charges by the jury this week. However the person accused of benefiting the most from the conspiracy, Superintendent Beverly Hall, died of breast cancer over the course of the trial. She is thought to have received up to $500,000 in bonus payouts.
China's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 Chinese citizens from the danger zone. They included 176 people from Pakistan with the remainder from Ethiopia, Singapore, Italy, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Britain, Canada and Yemen. Russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects, including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital, Sanaa. A Turkish naval frigate has evacuated 55 Turks from Aden. It came the same day Saudi-led war planes made a weapons drop in Aden following a fortnight of fighting.
U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen told House Speaker John Boehner on his last day in office that Lois Lerner could wrap herself in the Constitution's Fifth Amendment. Lerner refused to answer questions about the IRS's history of targeting conservative nonprofit groups for special, partisan scrutiny. 'I have not done anything wrong,' she insisted in a May 2013 hearing, 'and I have not broken any laws' Machen's letter arrived on Capitol Hill just a day before his resignation took effect after a five-year stint as D.C.'s top federal prosecutor inside the Justice Department. Boehner spokesman
Joni Mitchell, who claims to have suffered from Morgellons disease for most of her life, has been hospitalized after being found unconscious at her home. Mitchell, who suffered from polio as a child, remains in the hospital, but is said to be in 'good spirits' Morgellons sufferers say they are constantly itching, and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow. The medical community believes it is a mental illness and that sufferers are just suffering from anxiety, depression or even substance abuse. A 2012 study published in a peer-reviewed medical journal found
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 in Washington, D.C. The woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale Donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him. Gallmon, who was seen on surveillance camera entering the hotel wearing androgynous clothing including black boots, black pants and a black hooded jacket, the room door was open when she arrived. The affidavit stated that the pair got into a struggle and
Tracy Stratton says her daughter, Tianni, suffered verbal and physical abuse. She claims seven-year-old has been left so traumatised she has stopped talking and is afraid to leave house. Psychologist diagnosed Tianni with PTSD and mother is now claiming damages. Ms Stratton is suing Royal Borough of Greenwich Council over complaints of bullying. Claims school ignored at least five reports of bullying at Greenacres Primary School in London.
David and Samantha Cameron insist they are not planning more children. Mrs Cameron reveals her doctor has told her: 'No way, Jose' She was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign, and gave birth to their fourth child Florence. Baby talk has never been far from the couple's mind as they campaign across country. Couple cooed over seven-week-old Regan as they met her parents in Chorley, Lancashire.
More than 2,000 office workers evacuated in central London after underground fire. Blaze started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables and has been raging for more than 24 hours. More than 1,000 buildings are still without power today, with businesses forced to close. Commuters faced traffic chaos this morning as firefighters battled to put out the blaze. 35 firefighters and police officers remain at Kingsway, where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday.
Joseph McEnroe, 36, from Carnation, Washington, was convicted of murdering six members of his girlfriend's family on Christmas Eve, 2007. He is testifying in the penalty phase of his trial in a bid to avoid the death penalty. McEnroe told the court on Thursday he 'thought' he had to kill Wayne Anderson, 60, Judy Anderson, 61; their son and daughter-in-law Scott and Erica Anderson, both 32; and the younger couples children Olivia, 5, and Nathan, 3. 'I did not do this because I wanted to. I
Infant, known as Mary, was born at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool in 2013. She died six months later with traces of cocaine, tramadol and anti-depressants in her stomach. Her parents had been reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012. A review has called for lessons to be learned after several agencies fell short in sharing information. Liverpool Safeguarding Children Board said it was impossible to tell if death could have been prevented.
Shauna McGlasson, 25, from Workington, ballooned to 17st from a diet of takeaways. Was left red faced after becoming trapped in the turnstiles of the Alice and Wonderland ride when she took her daughter Lacey to Blackpool Pleasure Beach. Embarrassed Shauna decided to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine losing 7st in as many months. Swapped her daily treats of chips and pizza for a 1,500 calorie-a-day diet of chicken and fish.
David and Margaret-Ann Rous were on an Easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills in the Scottish highlands. Pair had arranged a secret visit using Mr Rous's light aircraft to see his wife's mother and sister on an island in the Inner Hebrides. When the couple failed to turn up at the islands airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane, a search party was scrambled. Wreckage of the plane and the couple's bodies were found in hills in Argyll.
McDonald's announced Wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full- and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage where company-owned restaurants operate. The company said the increase will be instituted starting July 1. It expects the average wage to be more than $10 an hour by the end of 2016, up from the current rate of $9 an hour. Last month, McDonald's Chief Administrative Officer Pete Bensen hinted such an announcement could be in the works.
Woods announced on Friday that he will be playing at the Masters next week. The 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on Tuesday at Augusta National. He will have gone nine weeks without competition when he hits his opening tee shot on Thursday. Woods last competed at the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 at Torrey Pines. 'I've worked a lot on my game, and I'm looking forward to competing,' he said.
Jen Psaki started her new job as White House communications director on Wednesday. She is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president - a first for such a top level adviser in Obama's presidency. Obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare, flexibility and paid leave, including instituting 12 weeks paid maternity leave for his own staff. But until now, few mothers of young children on his own senior team.
Jessica Ainscough died in late February after a seven-year battle with cancer. She spurned chemotherapy and radiation to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as Gerson Therapy. The method involves a vegan diet and coffee enemas and does not have scientific support. In her final weeks she began a course of targeted radiation, her partner Tallon Pamenter has revealed. He said the six weeks of her radiation were among the toughest the couple had been through. 'I said goodbye to the love of my life that day and my heart has been in a million pieces since
Labour leader Ed Miliband confessed that he 'blubbed' during the British film Pride. The film centres on the 1984 miners strike and the plucky underdogs are a group of gays and lesbians who travel to South Wales to express their solidarity with the National Union of Mineworkers. Miliband received a lot of praise for admitting that he had a weep.
Workman caught hanging out the door of a van as it hurtled down the M40 at 85mph. He appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the KJ Rail van. The incident, which police are investigating, went on for five minutes as the man pulled off the'stunt' just yards from lorries. Today his boss revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the door because he wasn't feeling unwell and needed some fresh air.
Donald Trelford had his son Ben when he was 73 and his daughter Poppy when 76-years-old. He says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding. The former newspaper editor takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit.
Former Hewlett Packard head Carly Fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in California to 'liberal environmentalists,' whom she says brought on the state's water shortage with their policies. 'It is a man-made disaster,' she told Glenn Beck during a Monday radio interview. 'With different policies over the last 20 years, all of this could be avoided' 'California is a classic case of liberals being willing to sacrifice other peoples lives and livelihoods at the altar of their ideology,' she continued. Fiorina, now a resident of Virginia, was referring to President Barack Obama's February
Australia's biggest venomous snake has produced a huge lethal'shot' for reptile wranglers on the NSW Central Coast. The four-metre long king cobra Raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler Billy Collett at Gosford's Australian Reptile Park, north of Sydney. Toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake. 'It can kill a full grown elephant,' Mr Collett said of the eight kilogram cobra.
Gigi, 19, said she learned how to deal with haters from Kendall Jenner. She said she has a good sense of when to stand up and when to back off. Gigi is best friends with Kendall, Cara and Karlie Kloss. Kendall and Cara reunited at Chanel Cruise on Wednesday night.
Tara McIntyre, 24, was left virtually wheelchair-bound after the crash. Ben Hagon's high-powered Mercedes sports car smashed into her Ford Ka. Court heard he was more than twice the legal alcohol limit at the time. Miss McIntyre was left with life-changing injuries including a fractured spine. Hagon admitted drink-driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. He was jailed for two years eight months at Chelmsford Crown Court.
Destiny's Child want to do another ten-year reunion tour and intend to cut a reunion album - but they won't use the group name for that either. 'Anytime they do anything under the name Destiny's Child, he has involvement in it and money from it,' a source close to the group reveals to Daily Mail Online. Beyoncé's father and former manager Mathew Knowles owns one-fourth of the group as well. None of the members want any involvement with him, who once managed each of their individual careers as well as the group.
Jess and Stef Dadon have teamed up with 'Print All Over Me' and Buffalo shoes. The shoes are the same brand behind the Spice Girls' trademark platforms. They also have a 'how-to' book coming out in September called #howtolive. Sisters admit they don't actually like modelling, despite 1732 Instagram posts.
Governor Jerry Brown observed the survey on Wednesday, which found the lowest water level in the Sierra Nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began. The fourth consecutive year of vanishing snow spells trouble as California depends on it to melt into rivers and replenish reservoirs. As he stood in a brown meadow that's normally blanketed in snow, Gov. Brown ordered sweeping, unprecedented measures to save water in the state. 'We're in a new era; the idea of your nice little green grass getting water every day, that's going to be a thing of the past,' Brown said.
Pitt, 51, vowed to help make it right for citys thousands of displaced citizens. He personally backed the building of 104 homes in the Lower Ninth quarter of the city. The star's Make It Right Foundation is suing Timber Treatment Technologies for $500,000. It says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes. In one case, a house rotted so badly it had mushrooms growing from it, it is alleged.
Uruguay's tiny fishing village of Jose Ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous. Celebrities including Shakira and Ronnie Wood are said to have holidayed in the village. Punta del Este, about 85 miles east of Montevideo, has been dubbed the 'Miami of South America' Naomi Campbell, Diego Maradona and former US president George Bush have all visited.
Graeme Oxby documented the dedicated fans at events including Europe's Tribute to Elvis in Blackpool and The European Elvis Championships in Birmingham. The 50-year-old, from East Yorkshire, even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series, called 'The Kings of England' He said: 'Elvis was a unique phenomenon, the prototype superstar and his influence has spread far and wide'
The motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the A39 between Street and Glastonbury. He had been stuck behind the HGV for several miles and gambled on overtaking after lights. But he badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control at 50mph. The caravan whiplashed into a lamppost, smashing the rear into smithereens and spilling the contents across the road.
Atif Saeed, 38, from Lahore, Pakistan was in the city's safari park when he spotted the lion. The freelance photographer crept up to within 10 feet of the hungry animal. Armed only with a camera, Mr Saeed managed to capture a couple of frames before retreat to safety.
Takako Konishi, 28, was found dead in a mini-skirt and high-heeled boots in the frozen wastes of Minnesota in November 2001. She had travelled from Tokyo to find a suitcase stuffed with $1m dollars buried in the snow by Steve Buscemi's hapless criminal in the Coen Brothers' fictional 1996 film Fargo. It was claimed she had believed the film Fargo was real - after all the hit movie begins with the words 'This is a true story' But it turns out that it was all a simple misunderstanding between a small town cop and the woman from
Asia Siddiqui, 31, and her former roommate Noelle Velentzas, 28, were arrested Thursday for allegedly plotting a terrorist attack in New York City. Siddiqui met Samir Khan in 2006, three years before he left the U.S. for Yemen and started Al Qaeda magazine Inspire. Khan published one of her poems in the precursor to Inspire, Jihad Recollections. The poem, titled 'Take Me to the Lands Where the Eyes are Cooled' details Siddiqu's aspiration to 'drop bombs' and 'taste the Truth through fists and
Mensa was formed by Australian barrister Roland Berrill and scientist and lawyer Dr Lance Ware in Oxford in 1946. More than 121,000 people worldwide are members of Mensa. And you too could join this group if you can prove youre in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test. To find out if you've got what it takes, MailOnline has helped develop an exclusive Mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest. The puzzles are designed to stimulate memory, concentration, agility, perception and reasoning, which all
Students this year will likely spend of a third of their prom budgets on the elaborate new ritual of promposals, according to a survey of 3,000 people conducted by Visa. With budgets for outfits, flowers, transportation, food and other sundries at around $1,000 for the average American high schooler, that means most intend to spend $324 on the once-simple query: Will you go to prom with me?
Amanda Holden will host new series on ITV highlighting plight of animals at RSPCA centre. Britains Got Talent judge will appeal to members of the public to take in animals featured. The six-week ITV series begins on Wednesday April 15 at 8pm on ITV.
Konstantin Sivkov, a Russian military analyst, has said that Russia needs to develop a new nuclear deterrent against the US. He says that Russia should develop a small force of megaweapon that can cause tsunamis and seismic activity at Yellowstone National Park. Sivkov says that the tsunami could trigger the Yellowstone Caldera, a supervolcano that hasn't erupted in 640,000 years, which would cover most of the US in ash. The explosion would then unleash feet of volcanic ash over all of the United States. This would serve as an asymmetric threat against
Nine members of the same family were arrested in Turkey trying to cross into Syria. They include Waheed Ahmed, 21, son of a Labour councillor in Rochdale, Simon Danczuk said. He said it was 'unacceptable' that they should be free to come home and train up as ISIS fighters. Rochdale MP said they should find a new country to live in after being caught in Turkey. The nine are expected to return to the UK from Turkey this week.
Researchers from Okinawa Institute of Science and Technology Graduate University (OIST) in Japan compared the number of 'neighbours' adjacent to fairy circles and skin cells. They found the majority of skin cells and fairy circles both had six neighbours. And the percentage of fairy circles with four, five, six, seven, eight and nine neighbours was essentially the same as the skin cells, they said. It's a completely amazing, strange match, said Professor Robert Sinclair, head of the Mathematical Biology Unit at OIST. The researchers suspect the patterns might be similar because both
Department store has slashed prices on almost 200 products in an attempt to flog Christmas trees, festive ornaments and decorations. It comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent £7million on its tear-jerking 2014 Christmas advert campaign featuring Monty the penguin. With just days to go until Easter, John Lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees - knocking as much as £250 off the 9ft John Lewis Pre-Lit Peardrop with 500 lights. A 64cm high 'Cambric and Cream Father Christmas Sack', is now available to buy half
Ryanair has banned passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights. The Dublin-based airline has informed passengers travelling on the notorious flight from Glasgow Prestwick Airport to the party island of Ibiza. Passengers who are caught trying to sneak alcohol into the cabin risk being kicked off the flight. Ryanair refused to explain the reason behind its decision.
Ashley Jennifer White, 30, and Paul Thomas, 32, have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son, Noah Thomas. Noah was last seen alive March 22 at his parents' home in rural Dublin, Virginia, while his mother slept with her infant daughter. The couple's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after Noah's body was recovered. White and Thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving Noah and his baby sister. Both suspects objected
Terror group said it would imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer. Violators will be jailed for ten days, during which time they will be made to take an 'Islamic course' At the end of their prison term, they will then be forced to take a test, with those who pass being released immediately. Earlier this month, ISIS militants carried out a second mass cigarette burning as they stepped up their anti-smoking campaign.
The Bell 525 Relentless helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort. The craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and gas operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions. Once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule, the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping.
Tim McNaughton, 24, is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to shoot his pilot colleague before turning the gun on himself on Tuesday. His body was discovered alongside his father Greg's near a shooting range at a farm in The Caves, near Rockhampton in central Queensland. The deaths are being investigated as a murder-suicide. A third man, Lindsay Hart, escaped being killed after being shot in his bicep by running into the bushland as bullets flew past him. All three men were friends and had been target shooting together before the incident. Tim
Two trainee obstetricians have been removed from a newly developed $2 million hospital in Western Australia. The concerns around Fiona Stanley Hospital, in southwest Perth, were revealed to theWest Australian by unnamed sources. According to health authorities, the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty. It follows recent reports that blood and bone fragments were found on supposedly sanitised medical instruments.
Buckingham Palace released video of the 30-year-old enjoying his flight ahead of his arrival in Australia tomorrow. He will begin a month-long attachment with the Australian Defence Force in Canberra. Flight was staged to support the Royal Foundations Endeavour Fund and a new Spitfire training scholarship for wounded servicemen. Harry, who is leaving the Army in June, relished his adrenaline-charged 250mph ride from Goodwood to the Isle of Wight.
Lane Smith, 26, passed away in July 2014 after hitting his head in a freak accident. His girlfriend, Sierra Sharry, 20, was eight months pregnant when he passed away and their son, Taos, was born just a few weeks later. When Taos was six months old, Sharry asked photographer Kayli Henley if she could make their family picture complete. Henley took a photograph of Smith from the family and, with a ghostly filter, fitted the image around his girlfriend and son, as if he were standing over them. The image has been shared thousands of
The unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from Cleveland, police said. Blood was found in the cabin aboard the MS Ryndam, but it was unclear how the couple died. The ship's cleaning crew found the bodies when they checked on the couple after not seeing them for a while. FBI has taken over the investigation.
Princess, 26, was seen leaving Shoreditch House in East London at 2am. She was joined by boyfriend, Virgin Galactic's Dave Clark, 31. The Joseph A-line leather dress is currently sold out. Our team has found great alternatives to the classic knee-length leather dress.
Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret were let loose to join jubilant crowds in London. They were celebrating the end of the Second World War in Europe 70 years ago. The adventure has been re-created in a new film starring Sarah Gadon and Bel Powley. 'It was a Cinderella moment in reverse,' says The Hon Margaret Rhodes, 89, who was there.
Nicole Kidman has been slammed by an American union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with Etihad Airways. The Association of Professional Flight Attendants argues the Etihad deal was at odds with Kidman's role as a United Nations Women's Goodwill Ambassador. Etihad has rejected the allegation, arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline's top priorities.
Study found 90% of patients were able to get an appointment in 2013/14. Shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of A&E visits, researchers say. Patients who report worse access to appointments are more likely to use out-of-hours services. Surgeries where patients could see a GP within two week days had lower rates of visits. But politicians' election pledges to improve access to GPs appointments are unlikely to be achieved within a parliamentary term.
The $2 billion Fiona Stanley Hospital in southwest Perth was found to have blood and bone fragments of some its medical instruments. The hospital was stripped of its medical service provider Serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in February. Australian Medical Association WA president Michael Gannon said some of the instruments were found to contain blood and human matter.
Sofia Davila, 21, posted raunchy pictures of herself on Facebook and flirted with men. She would then suggest they meet up for sex and then spike their drinks. When they fell unconscious she would wait for them to pass out and rob them. Argentinian con-artist was caught after trying to trick police that she was innocent bystander. Davila admitted to bedding and robbing 15 men and is now awaiting trial with two accomplices.
Nicola Horlick, 54, had her first child at 25 and her last at 38. Her eldest daughter Georgina died from leukaemia in 1998 age 12. She breastfed in the office even while conducting job interviews. The fund manager is now campaigning for Just A Drop, which aims to reduce child mortality by delivering clean and safe drinking water.
Jennifer McGirr, 61, said the abuse started when the windows to the Tower View Hotel, which she owns, were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a 'premeditated' attack. She also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls since starring on the reality TV show, where B&B owners visit each others properties and rate their stay.
Couple Jay Alvarrez and Alexis Rene love nothing more than travelling the world. They share their amazing travel snaps on Instagram and Jay's tumblr blog. Extreme sportsman Jay has 735,000 followers on Instagram while his model girlfriend has 1.1million. The pair live in an LA apartment together and spend most of their lives on the beach.
Rick Yoes, 57, spent the weekend in jail in Grand Prairie, Texas, in an attempt to avoid paying $1,700 in fines related to nearly two decades of code violations for his unruly lawn. The city of Grand Prairie says they tried several times to reach out to Yoes over the years, but that the man refused to keep his lawn up to code. Yoes' daughter Angel Yoes says her father took off all his vacation days at work and found a replacement so that he could serve 17 days in prison rather than pay the fine.
Bernard Freundel, 63, pleaded guilty to 52 misdemeanor counts of misdemeanor voyeurism in February and is set to be sentenced on May 15. His wife, Sharon, gave a speech at a Jewish school in Rockville, Maryland, on March 22 which alludes to her family's recent scandal. In October, she was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue's ritual bathroom. Prosecutors said at least 52 women were recorded nude or partially nude on 25 different dates from March 2012 to September 2014. Freundel recorded the women between early 2009 and October 2014 using
Ralph Body, up until March 29, manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in Long Island City, Queens. The 41-year-old said he 'gave his life' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked--all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face. But that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants--by taking care of pets and watering plants, among other chores--didn't sit well with building management.
Lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls and males can even sing in choruses to attract mates. The fish woo females with long, rhythmical boatwhistles, which also act as a deterrent to love rivals. Water temperature, tide level, fish motivation and the level of social interactions affected most acoustic parameters analysed. During low tide, the sounds made by the fish were shorter in duration and had lower main frequencies.
Staffordshire-Boxer cross managed to knock knobs on the hob while hunting for treats. The heat from one of the knobs set fire to a child's seat left on the electric appliance. More than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the blaze in Peckham, south-east London. Owner Allen Mosey's son and his daughter's boyfriend escaped unharmed.
Dr Omar Saadi Al-Atraqchi cut a hole in shampoo bottles to hide his iPhone inside. He then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles so he could secretly film men. The Iraqi doctor said he set up the device to 'let off steam' because of the pressure at work. But he was caught out twice - once when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle, and again when a fitness instructor became suspicious when he heard plastic being rustled and saw a bottle appear in his shower cubicle.
The search for a two-metre South American boa constrictor, on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless Australian python and set it free, has been called off. The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia' But Biosecurity Queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign.
Patrick Sondheimer tried to break down cockpit door to stop killer pilot Andreas Lubitz. He used an axe to smash his way into cockpit after Lubitz locked him out of the aircraft. All of the 144 passengers and five crew members died in the crash in the French Alps. Mr Lubitz, 27, had been plotting the disaster online under the name Skydevil. A memorial display at Dusseldorf airport has revealed the only photograph of the hero pilot. It includes a picture of Lubitz alongside the four crew members killed in the tragedy.
Airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida. Jets also hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products. The jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the Saudi-led campaign to defeat the Iran-backed Shiite rebels entered its seventh day. Saudi Arabia hinted once again that it could carry an ground invasion in Yemen in the coming days.
Bunkie King, 60, has revealed how her three-way relationship with Australian actor Jack Thompson and her sister Leona worked. Ms King shocked and intrigued the Australian public when she entered into a relationship with Thompson, who was twice her age, while he was also involved with Leona  who is nicknamed Le. The 60-year-olds first meeting with Thompson was when she was 15 years old Sydney school girl, and has now revealed the salacious details of their 15-year affair. Speaking with A Current Affair about her book, Somebody I Used to Know: Love
Richie Sambora, 55, allegedly told former business partner Nikki Lund he would 'dig a hole in the desert and bury her', Daily Mail Online can exclusively reveal. Sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on March 19. The rock star is believed to be on vacation in Bora Bora with his ex-wife Heather Locklear and daughter Ava but faces questioning when he returns. Police in the wealthy Los Angeles suburb of Calabasas confirmed to Daily Mail. Oscar-winning singer is a 'person of interest' in an
PDSA has warned that obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high. Around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight. Experts predict that more than half of pets will be overweight within five years. Carrots are the worst culprits as they are high in sugar and shouldn't be given as treats. Pet Fit Club puts pets on a six-month diet and exercise programme overseen by vets.
Arnold Quintero, 21, from San Antonio, Texas faces string of charges. Girl told police she was punched and forced to undress in front of her attacker. She said she had been held in a 'trap house' between January 21 and February 8.
National Union of Teachers (NUT) says counter terrorism strategies are'shutting down debate' Conference heard young people feel unable to express views for fear of being branded extremist. Teachers say they are now being forced to spy on children during sensitive discussions. NUT general secretary said: 'We are really being expected to be the frontline stormtroopers, who listen, who spy'
Park Inn by Radisson has launched the world's first 'virtual holiday' on social media. E-scapes allows customers to appear to be on a trip away according to their social channels. Starting from just ¬19 (£14), Berlin, Cape Town and Abu Dhabi will be available to book.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, from Caboolture, Queensland, was found at 9.45pm on Thursday. Police located the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander the teen was forced into early on Tuesday morning. Carl Garry Chapman, 32, has been detained and charged with a string of offences including assault, torture and deprivation of liberty. The 32-year-old was out on bail charges at the time of the abduction where he used a firearm to subdue the victim.
Ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect. Regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped, according to Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey. 'As long as it's not visible in the Army uniform&that's the spirit of what we went after,' Dailey said.
Tory health minister Dan Poulter, Lib Dem Tom Brake and Labour's Gavin Shuker put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for Men's Health magazine. Each was given strict orders to eat more healthily, do more exercise and take better care of their bodies. There was the inevitable unflattering 'before' photo shoot, followed by a full-length portrait to show off their new physique.
Delmarva Power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning because they were behind on their utility bills. Spokesman Matt Likovich says the utility discovered a stolen electric meter had been illegally connected to the rental home where the family was living since November. The utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on March 25. Rodney Todd and his two sons and five daughters then used a generator for power. They were last seen alive on March 28. Police responding to a missing persons report found their bodies Monday after friends, school workers
Gibbons are known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit. They produce soft 'hoo' calls that are almost inaudible to the human ear. Yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators, foraging and when meeting neighbours. Predator 'hoos' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey. A dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed by scientists.
Giudice lost his driver's license and was fined the maximum of $10,000. He pleaded guilty in October to unlawful use of an ID and impersonation. His guilty plea included an 18-month sentence which will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes. Judge Adam Jacobs said Joe Giudice has a 'general disrespect for the law,' citing dozens of previous driving infractions and suspensions.
Summer Robertson, 21, died after being overpowered by currents off the coast of South Africa. She had been helping youngsters in one of the country's poorest townships. Was with three other British members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together with the Latitude youth volunteering group, at a remote camping resort. Her parents John and Sarah have been remembering their daughter who they described as a 'bubbly tomboy' The family have now launched an appeal to raise money for Guide Dogs for the Blind as a tribute to her.
Shadow chancellor refuses to rule out using 40p tax band to raise money to balance books. Labour has vowed not to increase VAT or National Insurance if it wins the election. But Mr Balls said he would 'find ways in which I could have fewer people in 40% tax bracket' Number of people paying tax has already risen from 2million to 5million in two decades. Tories have promised to lift the threshold from £41,865 to £50,000 by 2020. Chancellor George Osborne said Mr Balls had 'let the cat out of the bag' on tax rises.
Gemma Flanagan, 31, from Liverpool, was left paralysed after being hit by Guillain Barre Syndrome. Aspiring model was working for British Airways when the condition first struck. She spent seven months in the specialist Walton Neuro Rehabilitation Unit. Today, the aspiring model is taking part in a show called 'The Beauty Within' by Models of Diversity at London's Olympia.
Karen Davis from Port Pirie in South Australia has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour. The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app, which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view. In the image, Ms Davis can be seen holding her arms up in the air with her T-shirt hunched up around her neck bearing her breasts, as she follows the Google camera cars around the street. Her sons are playing in the background and an unknown man stands at the fence watching
Footage of the incident shows an angry woman appearing in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him. 'I don't deal with monkeys, go on now you f*****g monkeys,' the woman can be heard saying. The woman has been charged with assault, going armed in public as to cause fear, disorderly conduct and conduct likely to racially harass. She is due to front Perth Magistrates Court on April 8.
Louis Jordan, 37, was stranded 200 miles off the coast of North Carolina. Coast Guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel. Medical officials said he suffered no dehydration, no significant sun damage and was in good health. Jordan had been living on his 1950s-era boat at a marina in Conway, South Carolina, near Myrtle Beach, until January.
Adam Crapser, 39, of Salem, was issued with deportation papers by the Department of Homeland Security in January. The father-of-three, who has a fourth child on the way, arrived in America with the name Shin Sonh Hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister. However, his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive. At no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have. Now, after a life battling joblessness because of his lack of immigration papers, homelessness and
Ibrahim Jalloh and another Australian, Bengali Sherrif, were reportedly arrested at Guangzhou Airport in June 2014. They were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice. Sherrif has reportedly been sentenced to death, but his sentence could be reduced to life if he has been well behaved during his first two years in prison. Jallohs trial is reportedly yet to commence. A number of Australians are currently facing narcotics-related charges in China.
Author David Fitzgerald believes there are no contemporary mentions of Jesus in historical accounts from the time when he was supposed to have lived. He says there are also discrepancies in the early gospels of Mark, Matthew and Luke, claiming they were written decades after his supposed life. Instead he says Jesus was a combination of stories from several different cults and figures in Judea during the first century. Historical researcher Michael Paulkovich has claimed Jesus of Nazareth did not exist.
Mullah Omar has not been seen since 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan. Taliban release biography praising his'special' sense of humour and love of grenade launchers. Biography was posted just after midnight on the Taliban's main website. It described Mullah Omar as being actively involved in 'jihadi activities' and dispelling speculation that he died long ago. The Taliban have reportedly seen defections to ISIS recently, with some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed extremist.
Randy Johnston, 68, from Dallas, Texas, decided to leave two 'fake poops' on his granddaughters' beds. His son then went about filming the moment of discovery. But footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous, with his six-year-old granddaughter Porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror.
Zeid Raad al-Hussein told U.N. Human Rights Council of 'gruesome scenes of mass graves' Boko Haram's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity, he said. Comes in response to reports that hundreds of women and children have been seized from Nigerian primary schools by militants to be used as 'human shields' There has also been eye-witness reports of the insurgents slaughtering dozens of Nigerian women who had been forced to marry fighters.
Vladimir Putin planning 'destabilising actions' in pro-Western Baltic states, it is claimed. Intelligence meeting between Moscow and Washington reportedly revealed threat. Putin will consider any attempt to return Crimea to Ukraine as 'declaration of war' Will take any necessary step - including using nuclear weapons - to retain control of region. Also said to be planning cyber attacks on Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
Kourtnie A. Sanchez, 25, was arrested Monday on charges including electronic solicitation, unlawful sexual relations and promoting obscenity to a minor. She was a student teacher at Marshall Elementary School in Eureka, Kansas, during the fall 2014 semester. Prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17, and that the alleged incidents occurred over five months in 2014. However it is unclear how many victims there were. Sanchez - whose maiden name was Kourtnie Olsen - is married and is believed to have three children. Her preliminary hearing is scheduled for May 8.
Jeralean Talley of Inkster tops a list maintained by the Los Angeles-based Gerontology Research Group, which tracks the world's longest-living people. Gertrude Weaver, a 116-year-old Arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days, died on Monday. Talley was born on May 23, 1899, and credits her long life to her faith.
Lewis Ferguson was riding Merrion Square in the John Dufosee Memorial Hunter Chase at Wincanton on Wednesday. The 18-year-old jockey stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence. Colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault. Ferguson escaped the fall with only 'dented pride' according to trainer Paul Nicholls. Nicholls will have four horses racing at the Grand National on April 11.
Ofcom study says 4G speeds in the UK are slower than promised. Mobile phone companies boasted 4G would be five times faster than 3G. But the actual figure is only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second. EEs 4G network, which covers 81 per cent of homes and businesses, delivered the fastest average download speed of 18.6Mbit/s. The Three network was the fastest to load a web page at 0.63 seconds.
John R. Lind, 34, admitted on Thursday to tainting Pat Maahs' drink with his semen while they worked together at Beisswengers hardware store in New Brighton, Minnesota. Ramsey County District Court heard that he masturbated over her desk multiple times while she was away. Initially, Maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled.
The victims of a medical experiment run by the United States in Guatemala that deliberately infected individuals with syphilis are now suing Johns Hopkins University. The lawsuit, which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families, is seeking $1billion. They claim that officials from Hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to plan and monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956. It is estimated approximately 700 people were infected with the disease, and of the roughly 75% who were treated, only 25% were reported to have completed their treatment. In the aftermath of the experiment, some of the individuals died
RSPCA has no more legal actions left under Hunting Act after latest case collapsed. Last month it dropped case against William Bryer, master of Cattistock Hunt in Dorset. Animal charity criticised for spending £22.5m on animal welfare prosecutions last year. Fox hunting outlawed in 2005 under Tony Blair's government but groups continue to meet by using trail hunting, usually with a hunt member dragging the scent of a fox across fields.
The Havasupai tribe is the smallest Indian nation in America, with just over 600 inhabitants. The Indian village of Supai is concealed at the bottom of Havasu Canyon, in the heart of the tribe reservation. Visitors can reach the tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule, and experience life in the village. It has a cafe, general stores, a lodge, post office, school, and a small Christian church.
Li Chien, 30, had been visiting a nearby pub in Taiwan's Hualien county. His bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door. Li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour's yard. He slit the throat of the mixed-breed called Lucky.
Residents danced in the streets, blared their horns and waved flags in celebration. President Hassan Rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of the deal. Agreement aims to prevent Tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for sanctions relief. Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions. If they are found to be in violation of the terms, sanctions will be put back in place.
Donna Oettinger, 41, and her son Zaki died on train tracks in March 2013. She had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before the tragedy. But she was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors. Her mental health had declined after discovering Zaki's father, an Egyptian national who could not travel to the UK, had a second family, an inquest heard. Coroner Selena Lynch said that despite the family slipping under social services' radar 'nothing could have be done' to foresee the deaths.
Mohammed Alam, Sayed Juied and Sadek Miah treated burglary 'like a job, a profession' Gang targeted 21 homes in west London, Hertfordshire and Surrey over 11 months. They took cars, jewellery, paintings and cash worth a total of £1million over the period. Police said the gang were undeterred by security systems, instead viewing them as a sign a property was worth raiding. If they found valuables locked in a safe inside, they would simply cut the safe out, before cracking it open later.
An unnamed Wall Street trader made a profit of approximately $2.5million on Friday thanks to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. The trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker Altera one minute after the Journal reported Intel was in talks to purchase them. Just 28 minutes later, when the market closed for the day, Altera was valued at $44.39 per share. That was an increase of 28%, but because of the call option, the trader was able to sell their stocks at a far greater profit.
eVolo Magazine Skyscraper Competition was established in 2006 to recognise 'outstanding ideas for vertical living' The first place in this year's contest was awarded to a team of Polish designers for its 'natural habitat' Second place went to Suraksha Bhatla and Sharan Sundar from India for their Shanty-Scraper. Egor Orlov from Russia won third place for his project Cybertopia which reimagines the city of the future as a hybrid of digital and physical worlds. The winners were selected for their 'creativity, ingenuity, and understanding of dynamic and adaptive vertical
Historian Stuart Wexler says that the FBI destroyed files relating to the assassination of Dr Martin Luther King Jnr. He says the FBI disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a Congressional Committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of King and former President John F Kennedy. Wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth. King was shot dead by James Earl Ray on 4 April 1968 at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee.
Chelsea Manning, 27, is serving 35 years for espionage and computer fraud. Sent out 15 tweets on Friday afternoon from Leavenworth military prison in Kansas. She thanked supporters, including journalist Glenn Greenwald and Amnesty International. Also gave a shout out to Tom Morello, the frontman of Rage Against the Machine. Manning is dictating the tweets over the phone to close friends.
Deborah Fuller, 56, dragged her dog Tango for 400 metres behind her car at 30mph. Rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws and a deep elbow wound. Tango was found by inspectors in an outbuilding at Fuller's home with bandages on his paws. Fuller has been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated. Judges ruled that the dog's suffering could have been avoided if Fuller had taken him to the vet earlier.
Sarah Theeboom hasn't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks. The writer from New York City said her hair is now silkier and 'totally frizz-free' since she stopped washing it.
Ten officers from Guernsey Police executed search warrants at the Eagle Medical Practice and a private residential address on the island of Alderney. Police were alerted by the Health & Social Services Department. A doctor was excluded from treating patients at the Mignot Memorial Hospital. No arrests have been made and medical records are likely to be seized.
More than 1,000 Cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website. Private rooms are available for as little as $12 (£8) a night. Airbnb has plans for rapid growth in Cuba, where its employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners in advance of expected crush of American visitors.
Rae Johnston is one of the growing number of Australians dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book, television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay. The 33-year-old Sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the Cosplay championships at this year's Oz Comic-Con. Ms Johnston said that what was once considered traditionally 'geeky' has become quite mainstream, with more and more Australians connecting to cosplay stars online and learning the craft of costume making.
The well-built teacher was teaching AP Physics at a school in Portland, Oregon. The experiment was meant to crack open a cinder block that was balancing on his chest with the blunt end of the axe on top of a bed of nails. However, the axe missed its target and the cinderblock fell straight on to the teacher's genitals. Amazingly, the teacher took a second swing at the block and crushed it - even as his co-worker writhed in pain on the floor.
British national, of Polish origin, arrested in operation against far-left group. Members of DHKP-C took senior Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz hostage last week. Both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out. Foreign Office spokeswoman said today: 'I can confirm a British national has been arrested'
Blue Bell Ice Cream announced Friday that it has suspended operations at an Oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people. 'We are taking this step out of an abundance of caution to ensure that we are doing everything possible to provide our consumers with safe products,' the company said in a statement. Last month, the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma. Ten products recalled earlier in March were from a production line at a plant the company's headquarters in
Salvina Formosa from South Wentworthville, west of Sydney, has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness. The 101-year-old widow, who was never keen on exercise in her youth, now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week. Stepping On is designed to improve strength and balance in elderly people who have had a fall or are fearful of falling. Nearly 1000 older western Sydney residents have taken part in NSW Health's program, which began in 2012.
Fan site AppleInsider has spotted nine job listings on Apple's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries. These include one for an iOS battery life software engineer and another for iOS software power systems engineer. Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been found to last about eight hours with heavy usage and up to 22 hours with normal usage. This includes 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 30-minute workout with music.
The youngster was thought to have been in the toilet on board the Ao Nang Princess 5 ferry. Passengers were throwing themselves into the Andaman Sea after the engine exploded. Photos taken by rescuers showed the abandoned vessel burning down almost to the waterline. Between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers, speed boats and rescue craft.
Ugaaso Abukar Boocow has nearly 70,000 followers on the social media site. The 27-year-olds Instagram feed is a mixture of selfies, snapshots of daily life and Somali traditions, and humorous photos or videos. She began posting photos as a way to keep in touch and assure her family and friends in Canada that she was safe. But she soon learned that there was an appetite for photos that showed a positive side to Somalia and has amassed legion of followers.
Gizelle Laurente said her son, Jacob, was not allowed to board a flight from Darwin to Brisbane because of his autism. She said the captain told her unless she bought a ticket with her son he wouldn't be flying. Qantas said it had not been given the required paperwork to clear an unaccompanied child. Jacob was given the all-clear to travel today and made it to Brisbane in time to spend the Easter Weekend with his dad.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee at about 3 a.m. Wednesday. Authorities say he beat a guard into unconsciousness, took his keys and uniform and sped off in his SUV. He was convicted of first-degree murder in February and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison. A $1,000 reward is being offered by police for any information that leads to Taylor's capture. At one point Wednesday, authorities issued an alert for a 15-year-old girl, Savannah Bell, who they believed was
Hakaoro Hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in January 2014 for working without a licence. This week he was found guilty of six new complaints by the Immigration Advisors Disciplinary Tribunal. The 55-year-old had his licence was cancelled in 2013 after a string of similar complaints. He had previously tried to have the complaints dismissed on account of being unable to defend himself from prison.
Red Cross worker Rene Schulthoff photographed girl in Jordanian refugee camp. He did not realise how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs. It was then he realised she was so scared of his camera that she raised her arms to surrender. Follows now-iconic image of four-year-old Adi Hudea who surrendered to camera in Syria. She was pictured in same camp in November, mistaking camera for a gun. The nameless girl is one of 17,000 living in the Azraq camp 62 miles east of Amman, Jordan.
Ryan Burns of Eureka, California, said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from. He swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel. Footage shows the animal standing up with his front paws firmly pressed on the horn. Burns later uploaded the video clip online with the dog's owner stepping forward.
Kevin Pimentel, 12, shot dead his six-year-old brother, Brady, as they made dinner inside their mobile home in Hudson, Florida last week. He then shot his older brother, Trevor, 16, in the leg and turned the gun on himself. The boys were laid to rest in a joint funeral on Thursday. Their mother, Helen Campochiaro, 38, was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings and had been left financially drained by a recent car crash. Authorities said there was no argument or incident that sparked the gunfire.
Tiffanie DiDonato, 34, was born with diastrophic dysplasia, a rare form of dwarfism. She underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4'10 tall, instead of her previous height of 3'8. The stiff muscles and arthritis that are side effects of her condition mean that she has to constantly re-teach herself to walk.
Crsity Collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $500 a week to keep up her drug habit. The 30-year-old took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis. She has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes. Ms Collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Tiger's Nest Monastery is the most sacred site in the Buddhist country of Bhutan. It is perched precipitously on a narrow ledge high above the Paro Valley and was built in the 8th century. Bhutan measures its success with a Gross National Happiness index and is a land of myths and magic. Legend has it that tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests.
Carlos Colina, 32, faces charges of accessory after the fact to assault, battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. Remains, including a torso and limbs, first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company Biotech Saturday morning, according to police. The head of victim Jonathan Camilien, 26, of Somerville, was found in Colina's apartment building across the street. Colina has not been charged with murder.
Dangelo Connor, from New York, filmed himself messing around with a stun gun. He first electrocuted a Coke can, before zapping a metal bracelet he was holding. After the current passes through the bracelet and into him, he collapses. The video has since gone viral, being viewed more than 17million times.
Orgasmic meditation, shortened to OM, marries sex with mindfulness. Founded by US entrepreneur Nicole Daedone, it borrows philosophy from yoga and meditation. Involves light stimulation of clitoris for 15 minutes without interruption. Aim is not necessarily to orgasm but simply to 'feel' the sensation as intensely as possible. There are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the UK.
Married father-of-two Steven Christopher Costa plans to head to Iraq to fight ISIS. The 31-year-old plans to leave his wife and young children behind to join the fight against terrorists. He will join up with Kurdish fighters and other foreign ex-servicemen who have joined the battle against the barbaric Islamists. Mr Costa was recruited through the Foreign Fighters Against ISIS Facebook group. Terror police warned him against the trip but do not have power to stop him leaving.
Plant Gravity Sensing study will be conducted when new supplies are taken to the ISS by a SpaceX Dragon capsule on 13 April. The experiment will examine the cellular process of formation in thale cress, a small flowering plant related to cabbage. Small dishes will hold seedlings, and astronauts on the station will watch how they are able to grow inside the Japanese Kibo module. Scientists will be examining whether a plants ability to work out which way it is growing - the gravity sensor - can form in the absence of gravity. Results will show if the plants can sense changes in gravity, and
U.S. District Judge Susan Dlott ordered the IRS to hand over a list of 298 tea party groups it targeted with broad and intrusive questions when they applied for nonprofit tax-exempt status. The agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010, when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like 'patriots' or 'tea party' in their names. While those organizations' applications were held up for years, liberal groups sailed through the process. Dlott agreed this week that the groups can pursue their claims that the IRS violated their First
The Zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum, lime juice, falernum, Angostura bitters, Pernod, grenadine, cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice. Jungle Juice is made fresh fruits which have been steeped overnight in a bottle of grain alcohol before being served to unsuspecting drinkers. According to drinkaware.co.uk, men should not regularly drink more than three to four units of alcohol a day.
Lisa Colagrossi was covering a house fire in Queens, New York on March 19 when she collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness. The married mother-of-two's mother confronted her boss Camille Edwards at her funeral on March 23. Edwards allegedly told Lois Colaggrossi how hard her daughter worked and how respected everyone at the station respected her. 'I am talking about how you worked my daughter to death,' she allegedly responded.
Kristin Holmes, 26, allegedly uploaded image after being mistaken for another woman. Captioned photo: 'I'll post a few actual pics of me so you know the difference when you "come find me"' She then 'exchanged words' with other users on the social networking site, it is reported. After user reported picture to Henrico Police, Holmes was arrested for 'harassment by computer' She is now facing a Class 1 misdemeanor that could result in one year in jail and $2,500 fine. Holmes, who lives in Chesterfield, Virginia, plans
Nigel Farage called for the number of arrivals into Britain to be limited at 50,000 a year. But he claimed overall caps on net migration  as pledged by Tories  would be ludicrous because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country. Ukips manifesto chief later added to the confusion by saying the limit might change every year
Choupette, a three-year-old Siamese cat belonging to fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld, earned £2.18million last year. That's just £220,000 less than Cara Delevingne, one of the world's top models, who took home. Lagerfeld said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in Germany and beauty products in Japan. The cat has her own Twitter and Instagram accounts and has two personal maids.
Advice distributed to Green campaigners in London in bid to win over sceptical voters. Manual urges activists to appear 'level headed' and 'agreeable' while knocking on doors. Also provides stock answers to ease voters' concerns about radical party platform. Comes amid growing scrutiny of Green Party's manifesto commitments after membership surged to more than 50,000, outnumbering the Liberal Democrats and Ukip.
Sarah Thomas, a 42-year-old mother of three from Brandon, Mississippi, has reportedly been tapped as the first full-time NFL referee. The Conference USA official has been part of the league's training program since 2013. Thomas is the first woman to officiate a FBS game in 2007 and the first to preside over a bowl game in 2009. She will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season, a source close to the matter told the LA Times. If she begins reffing regular season games, the NFL would become the second major American sports league to have
It's been nearly a year since Rob Kardashian vanished from the public eye. The 28-year-old used to be a fixture on red carpets and social media. Now he is rarely seen out and about and is thought to have struggled with weight gain. His sister Khloe has previously said that he suffers from social anxiety. Rumours that he is in a 'dark place' and is struggling with his weight.
A judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges filed against Joshua Malatino and his then-girlfriend Samantha Scott. The pair were accused of harassing and stalking a rival ice cream truck driver in Gloversville, New York in April 2013. Phillip Hollister of Mr. Ding-A-Ling said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him. Malatino allegedly offered his rival's customers free ice cream and boasted that he 'owned the town's ice cream business' The judge in the case said that the incidents did not meet the legal definition of harassment.
Latisha Fisher, 35, has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son Gavriel Ortiz-Fisher to death in a bathroom at 5 Boro Burger on West 36th Street in Manhattan. She told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son so 'put him to sleep with my hand' Fisher was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing of her aunt, who she stabbed in the head, arm and ear. Records show she was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty to the attack. A social
Paris Picnics offers made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine, baguettes, cheese and crisps. Customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online. The company recommends giving them one to two days' notice but last-minute requests can be accommodated.
Kathrin Goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the Germanwings crash. The 26-year-old maths teacher, her rescue volunteer brother Andreas and their parents have told friends they do not plan to return to their home in Montabaur. Miss Goldbach told investigators that her long-term boyfriend Lubtiz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death.
Jordan Waddingham scoured through bushland at Karoola, north east of Launceston in Tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps after his mother offered him $20 to locate the nest. The 12-year-old made a startling discovery when he stumbled across the gigantic 90-kilogram nest near a creek bank. It took two days to unearth the nest from the ground and four men to carry it out of the bush. Experts believe it's the largest subterranean European wasp nest ever discovered with up to 100,000 wasps could have been living inside.
Dr Michael Shannon saved Chris Trokey's life when he was born premature more than 30 years ago. In 2011, Dr Shannon was trapped in his burning SUV after it was T-boned by a semi-truck. Trokey, now an Orange County Fire Authority paramedic, worked to pull him out alive. The two men caught up last Sunday when they both took part in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in Rancho Santa Margarita, California.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman have been charged over the discovery of a mass greyhound dog grave in Bundaberg, Queensland. A police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in the area on Thursday. The carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in Coonarr on Tuesday. RSPCA spokesman Michael Beatty says it's understood the dogs were killed before a Four Corners special which exposed the horrors of the greyhound racing industry.
Randy Pierce, from Nashua, New Hampshire, lost his sight when he was 22 years old, from a neurological disease that also left him in a wheelchair. He was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully complete the 'King of the Swingers' obstacle at a Tough Mudder competition in California last week. Pierce has run three marathons just this year in preparation for the Boston Marathon on April 20, a race he is running in memory of his late guide dog Quinn.
Sir Stirling Moss, 85, reunited with car he last drove more than 50 years ago. He has swapped high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car with 50mph top speed. Also revealed he drinks half a bottle of wine a day and does 77 press-ups a day. Revealed he believes in indulgence and never denies himself something he wants. Made revelations after a new documentary reunited the father-of-two with the car.
Tina Campbell, 29, from London, paid £100 for hair extensions at an African salon. A few weeks after having them put in, she developed painful boils on her scalp. She spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages after having the boils surgically removed. The salon owner was adamant it was the hair itself that was the cause, and not the hair extensions.
Footage shows 27-year-old Jared Henry of Arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch. After coming to a standstill, Henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain. The deer apparently broke its pelvis and died while Henry recovered from the incident unscathed.
The Red Lady's remains were found in the El Mirón Cave in Cantabria, Spain. Radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago and that the female was aged between 35 and 40 when she was entombed. When the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material. This was later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal and has since faded. An engraved tombstone was found nearby and it is not known why it was used as a tombstone. Archaeologists speculate she was a person of
Taylor Davis, 20, was seen in the Kissimmee, Florida store, touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on Tuesday by a worker who called police. Osceola County Sheriff Deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot. The 20-year-old was arrested on disorderly conduct and criminal mischief charges. He was released on Wednesday on a $750 bond.
Ferrari 599 GTO is one of the most powerful ever road cars produced by the Italian manufacturer. The supercar can hit 60mph in just 3.3 seconds and has a top speed of 200mph. Only 599 of the model were built and only three have ever been designated GTO. A parking attendant was returning the car to the Hotel Exedra in Anzio, south of Rome, Italy. He mistook the accelerator for the brake and ploughed through the shop front.
Anti-rape campaigners say Sussex Police poster implies victims are to blame for rape. Poster urges women not to leave friends alone or let them wander off with strangers. But supporters say it is 'blindingly obvious' that it is not blaming women. Posters will be put up at bus stops and in pub and nightclub toilets in Sussex.
Robert Durst's childhood home in Scarsdale, New York, hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in California. But realtors have glossed over the coincidence, and the checkered past involving his mother's apparent suicide when she jumped off the roof at the age of 32. The Zillow listing describes the property as'meticulously maintained', 'grand', 'gracious', and 'elegant' with five fireplaces and maids' quarters.
Children as young as two were pushed to the ground as adults invaded the children-only event in Sacramento on Sunday. The event was an attempt to break the world record for the biggest Easter egg hunt, but did not break the record because they missed the deadline to apply. Organizers spent $10,000 transporting 510,000 eggs from Florida.
Keep your little ones entertained for hours with the world's largest Easter Egg hunt at Traquair castle. Learn how to be a court jester at Stirling Castle with a special workshop for kids. Put on a blindfold and dance with the people of Blists Hill in Shropshire. Discover your inner Ray Mears at Hadrian's Wall at Housestead Roman Fort.
Federal government regulations and the American Heart Association have for decades warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of Americans each year. As the federal government prepares its influential Dietary Guidelines for 2015, some scientists are now saying that the average American salt consumption rate carries no risk. The guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams, with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for African Americans and people over 50. 'There is no longer any valid basis for the current salt guidelines,' said Andrew Mente, a professor at McMaster University in Ontario and
Passenger made the awful discovery on a train travelling between Lichfield Trent Valley and Longbridge. He said he found excrement in a newspaper on the floor of the carriage. London Midland has vowed to give police CCTV images of the culprit. The service terminated at Birmingham New Street so that the carriage could be cleaned.
Samsung has previously supplied Apple with various iPhone parts. But following legal disputes, Apple shifted away from its rival and signed a monopoly deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC) in 2013. From next year, Samsung will supply 80 per cent of Apple's supply of application processors, with TSMC supplying the remaining 20 per cent. Deal is said to be worth 'billions of dollars' and will start in 2016.
Clothing labels tell the stories of factory workers from Bangladesh, Cambodia and Sierra Leone. Each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story. The Canadian Fair Trade Network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from.
Scientist Fergus Simpson from University of Barcelona has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive. He applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on Earth. And from this, he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs (300kg) - around the size of a polar bear. But the calculations don't take into account an alien planets surface gravity.
Replica cave called the Caverne du Pont-d'Arc has been built near Vallon-Pont-D'arc in Southern France. It contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features. Experts scanned the original drawings using 3D modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres. Drawings include images of 14 different species such as cave bears, woolly rhinoceros, mammoths and big cats, some of which are the only representations in Palaeolithic cave art
Tina Sinatra, 66, ridiculed claims Ronan Farrow was her brother. Sinatra laughed when asked if Mia Farrow's son Ronan is her brother, according to Roger Friedman. He said Sinatra told him: 'Couldn't be. Frank had a vasectomy before. I don't know whose son he is' Mia Farrow had previously admitted the singer may be the father of her Ronan. She married Sinatra in 1966 in Las Vegas when she was 21 and he was 50. Farrow gave birth to Ronan in 1987 - he was their only
Meaghan Hudson, 25, told family and friends she had multiple myeloma in 2013. Nursing student raised $5,000 for her'medical expenses' through a fundraising website. Friends shaved their heads and got tattoos in solidarity after she told them she had cancer. Police received an anonymous tip last summer that she had been faking the disease. Meaghan's stepmother Margaret Hudson promised to pay back all the money raised. Hudson was arrested in January and charged with theft by deception and grand theft.
Ukip leader said he wanted to 'keep his mind as clear as possible' before TV showdown. Admitted he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio. Mr Farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight's ITV showdown.
Tuti Yusupova, who was born in 1880, died this week at the age of 135. Her friends claim her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on July 1, 1880. They now want the Guinness Book of Records to document that achievement. The current record holder is French woman Jeanne Calment who was 122 when she died in 1997.
Seven babies and three mothers died at Royal Oldham and North Manchester General. Lisa Parkisson, 35, died at Oldham Royal 48 hours after giving birth in April this year. Newborn Thomas Beaty died at the same hospital in June after doctors pushed him back into womb. Report found 'notable absence of clinical leadership' in maternity wards. Also found 'failure to adequately plan care' in a number of cases and risk management was 'below standard' National guidelines for treating obese mothers were also not followed. All of the deaths are believed to have occurred between December 2013 and
Unique psychedelic cartoon depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film. The rare celluloid painting, known as a cel, was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel. It features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine. Yellow Submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto The Beatles' 10th studio album the following year.
Maxine Fohounhedo, 30, was charged in December with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an UberX ride the month before. The 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride. She alleged she woke up in his apartment as he was having sex with her. His attorney claims the woman made a pass at his client when he first picked her up and then they 'went back to his place' Shady Yassin said he made a nine-minute recording because 'he had a gut
Indonesia's attorney-general says Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will be put to death following rejection of their last ditch legal appeals. The convicted Australian drug dealers learned about the ruling after an appeal against their death row sentence was allowed to proceed in Jakarta's state administrative court on Monday. Lawyers for the men now plan to challenge the constitutional court to outline the president's obligations in clemency. They argue the executions should be stayed pending the new action, to be filed this week. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the government was disappointed by the court verdict.
India Mayhew, seven, suffered serious head injuries after horse bolted at riding facility. She was riding just metres ahead of her father Gavin, 43, and a member of staff. Her mother, brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds in Matheran, India. Rushed to hospital but doctors declared her dead on arrival due to head injuries and shock. Police have registered a case of accidental death based on parents statement.
Alison Hall, 48, was at work when she felt her chest tighten and took out her inhaler. She took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat where it became lodged. The mother-of-one ran outside in a panic when a neighbour came to her rescue. After five minutes of choking, a false nail finally came loose and fell out onto the pavement. Ms Hall said it was part of a cheap £1.50 set she had used weeks before and had probably fallen in her pocket.
Ruanne Dellal, 61, is suing six of her late husband Jack's children over his will. She was left £15.4million but claims she is owed up to £385million more. The property tycoon left his entire estate to his second wife Ruanne, a former Miss South Africa. But she is suing after discovering that it amounts to just £1.7million. Mr Dellal was worth at least £400million when he died in October 2012, aged 89.
Chaplin married second wife Lita Grey, who was nearly 20 years his junior, in 1924. The union lasted just three years with Lita claiming she endured 'cruel and inhumane' treatment. 50-page divorce papers were found in a bank in America and are set to fetch £15,000. They were sent to the 1st National Bank of Los Angeles on the 11th Jan 1927. Only around 16 copies of the divorce proceedings were believed to have been made.
Dr Julie Epstein has been found guilty of medical misconduct by a NSW tribunal. She was found to have prescribed drugs such as steroids and human growth hormone 'without exercising responsible medical judgement' The anti-ageing doctor also failed to measure patients body weight or body mass index before prescribing dosages. A hearing will be held in April to determine whether her medical licence will be cancelled. Dr Epstein could also face being struck off.
National School Safety and Security Services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year. About one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message, social media, email or other online means. Law enforcement officers say the use of the modern technologies has made it that much harder to determine if a threat is real and to find the culprit.
Chicago Cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at Wrigley Field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day. The bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms. Traumatized fans uploaded pictures to social media showing the intense queues and plastic glasses filled with urine. Cubs spokesman Julian Green said 'we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods'
Chip shop boss John Clarkson has created his very own answer to 'how do you eat yours?' The 'Pie-egg-ra' dish contains one and a half Cadbury's Creme Eggs and is served with chips. The 55-year-old fryer says his sweet-savoury mix is a hit with customers. Customers have taken to dipping chips into the Creme Egg 'yolk' like traditional toast soldiers.
Lindsey Norman bought the buns from Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Mother-of-two said it made her 'giggle' when she spotted the resemblance with Easter coming up. Jesus has appeared in sandwiches, on tree stumps and even a dog's ear.
Medical professionals at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences in Little Rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man's kidney problems. Black tea has high levels of oxalate, a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure. The man was admitted to the hospital in May complaining of nausea, weakness, fatigue and body aches.
The 40-year-old E! star's memoir Going Off Script details her relationship with Jerry O'Connell, which ran from 2003 to 2004. She claims he cheated on her with Geri Halliwell, aka Ginger Spice, but she still took him back. Rancic also detailed Jerry's flippant attitude towards their break-up in the book.
Kellie Maloney, 61, underwent final sex change operation last week in Brighton. She was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days, but has been released four days early. Now faces further six weeks recuperation at home with children Sophie, 20, and Libby, 14. Former boxing promoter Frank Maloney started the process to change gender two years ago. Had hormone therapy, electrolysis to remove excess body hair and counselling.
Ivan Carlos, 22, and eighteen-year-old Brenda Avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the Lone Oak Mobile Home Park in Palmetto at around 2.30am Wednesday. The driver of the white Chevrolet SUV lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the Park's fence, killing the couple. Avilez was nine months pregnant at the time, the fetus did not survive. Carlos' brother, Christian, 21, who lived in the home with the couple, said the crash sounded like an explosion and shook the entire home.
Ivan Milat is serving seven life sentences for the murders of seven young people in NSW between 1989 and 1992. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years. Nephew Alistair Shipsey has compiled 94 notes from Milat to his eldest nephew. The 55-year-old former Rebels bikie gang member has compiled the letters into a $32 book. In the letters, Milat tells Shipsey about his 'fair share' of'sheilas', who write'some frightening things' - and one woman who has even proposed
Logan, 43, is said to be resting at her home in the Washington DC area but working on upcoming stories. A close family friend of Logan's, financial pundit Ed Butowsky, confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized. The CBS reporter was the victim of a'sustained and brutal' sexual assault as she reported from Cairo on the resignation of President Mubarak in February 2011. She was surrounded by a mob of 200 - 300 men after being dragged away from her TV crew in Tahrir Square, seconds after Egyptian colleagues heard men talking about wanting to
Cressida dated Prince Harry for two years, after being introduced to him by Princess Eugenie. The pair split last April, despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry. Since splitting with Prince Harry Cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like Glastonbury. She's bagged herself a modelling contract with Mulberry and starred in a West End stage play.
Hot spot is near the Four Corners intersection of Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Utah. Area produces more than triple the standard ground-based estimate - and researchers say they don't know why. Methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere. Like carbon dioxide, it contributes to global warming.
Experts want to attract more workers from Asia where wages are low. Extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says that's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare. Around 10,000 au pairs travel to Australia each year.
John and Elizabeth Knott lived in a 'idyllic' £500,000 cottage in Bosbury, Herefordshire. Mr Knott, 71, had been struggling to cope after his wife developed Alzheimer's. He was also caring for his wife of 37 years as her Alzheimer's worsened. In his final months, Mr Knott had been battling an application for planning permission to turn part of a paddock near to their home into a caravan park for travellers. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here
Tham Khoun Ex caves, commonly known as Xe Bang Fai River caves, feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits. In 2008, an expedition, co-led by veteran caver John Pollack lead to the caves being mapped and photographed for the first time. The cave is only able to be safely accessed during the dry season from November to April and during this time the water is clear and deep.
Richard and Angela Maxwell from Lincolnshire scooped £53,193,914 jackpot. Couple, both 67, have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall. Mr Maxwell plans to retire and play bowls, while his wife wants to buy designer handbags. They plan to take their family on holiday to New Zealand first class and buy a Land Rover. The couple will donate some of the cash to their local community.
Diane and Bob Greenberg decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion. Diane, a devout Catholic, raised daughter Katie, 24, Catholic, while Bob, who is Jewish, taught son Steven, 21. Katie had a confirmation, attended weekly Catholic instruction and remains a committed Christian. Steven was circumcised when he was eight days old and attended an Orthodox Hebrew school.
Star Reader was diagnosed with Biliary atresia within days of being born. Her parents were told she would need a liver transplant in order to survive. Jade Reader and Matthew Bygrave were not a suitable match for the operation. Baby Star's maternal aunt Shanell Reader offered part of her liver to save her life. 'I was so overcome with emotion. She's my twin sister and if it was the other way round,' said Jade.
Virginia Roberts had hoped to join lawsuit involving Andrew's friend Jeffrey Epstein. Judge Kenneth Marra ordered her claims that she was a'sex slave' to Epstein and was forced to have sex with the Duke of York three times should be struck from the record He refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of Miss Robertss allegations.
A power outage temporarily blackened Washington, D.C. this afternoon, interrupting a State Department briefing and forcing the White House onto back-up generators. Power company Pepco said a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its Maryland stations was responsible. Oprah Winfrey was in the middle of a speech at a dedication ceremony for the Maya Angelou Forever Stamp when the lights went out on her at Warner Theater. The outage affected the State Department, the Department of Energy, the University of Maryland in College Park and other areas in the District of Columbia and Maryland.
Jeffrey Williams, 20, is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on March 12. All inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them. Despite the warning Williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the St. Louis County Justice Center. In a conversation with his girlfriend, Williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside Ferguson PD on the night of the shooting. Prosecutors say Williams told investigators he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else.
Andy Hornby is non-executive chairman of Pharmacy 2U, which was found to be selling NHS patients' details on without their knowledge. Many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society  either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled. Details including email addresses and dates of birth were passed on without proper consent. Mr Hornby was in charge of HBOS when it collapsed in 2008 and faced calls to step down.
Rosa Camfield was born in June of 1913 and died on Monday at the age of 101. She had three children, five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren. The image of her cradling her new-born great-great-granddaughter Kaylee became an online sensation after it was posted to Facebook two weeks ago. Rosa's granddaughter, Sarah Hamm, 33, took the photo a week before her grandmother's death and posted it to the popular Life of Dad Facebook page, where it became a massive hit. As of Wednesday afternoon, the photo had received over 2.5
Miami Herald columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that sources close to Dr Brandt said he had hanged himself. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that Dr Fredric Brandt's death was a suicide by hanging on Monday. She said Brandt, 65, was 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Dr Brandt died after suffering from an illness, his publicist said. Publicist Jacquie Tractenberg did not reveal information about the illness, cause of
The orphaned youngsters are doing better than ever after they were taken in by retired farmer Pauline Kidner. Nursed originally on milk, custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food. When they came in eight weeks ago they were 80g - carers have watched them grow to 1.1kg.
'Now that this is behind us, let's move forward together with a renewed commitment to the civility and respect that make this state great,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said after signing his state's amended measure. The Arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state's Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson, who rejected a previous version of the bill at the last minute on Wednesday. 'I think its sending the right signal, the way this has been resolved, to the world and the country that Arkansas understands the diversity of our culture and workforce,' Hutchinson said.
Christian Englander, 30, from Santa Fe, New Mexico, was arrested on Monday for throwing a banana peel at Dave Chappelle during his New Mexico show. On Thursday, he threw another peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a bar. Englander said he threw the peel because the 'irony of this situation is too much to pass up' Chappelle told police Englander did not seem remorseful and that he believed the banana attack was racially motivated. The 41-year-old comedian said he wanted to press charges against Englander.
Delta's new pet GPS allows owners to track their furry friends' journeys in real time. First-of-its-kind technology available for $50 per flight from 10 US airports. Move was no doubt aimed to make passengers feel safer about bringing pets on board. Delta Air Lines has had a number of animal related incidents in the past.
In first standoff, officers fired 'toward vicinity' of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Also reportedly failed to appropriately aim guns during firefights with brothers, report states. Shortly after firefight in Watertown, Massachusetts, on April 19, 2013, an officer mistakenly fired on a police vehicle carrying two other cops. Then, later in the night, when Dzokhar was found hiding in boat, officer 'fired weapon without appropriate authority,' causing others to believe he was shooting at them. This caused'many officers to fire at boat in the belief they were being shot
Honolulu Museum of Art handed over seven stolen artifacts to U.S. authorities. They were found to have been sourced from art dealer Subhash Kapoor, who is facing charges in India. Items were found after a tourist recognized the name of Kapoor's New York gallery as the source of a 2,000-year-old terra cotta rattle. Museum officials determined six other Indian items had ties to Kapoor.
Frida Kahlo: The Gisèle Freund Photographs is a new book of photographs of the late artist. In the images the formidable painter is seen at her most relaxed, walking around her house in Mexico. Many of the pictures were taken in the years before her death in 1954. Frida spent much of her life in pain after a tram accident in 1925.
Xiangyu Ouyang, 26, was on a state-sponsored scholarship from Singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde. Paraformaldehyde, a form of embalming fluid formaldehyde, can cause skin irritation, respiratory ailments and, in larger amounts, death. The cancer biology PhD student has been dropped from the top university and could face as many as 8 years in prison.
Five-month-old Elijah suffers from Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Born strong, he's now'very floppy' and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday. His parents have compiled a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away. The family have already ticked one item off the line-up, visiting the Sydney Royal Easter Show at the weekend. They are hoping to head out on a road trip to Queensland, stopping at various sights, including Byron Bay, the Gold Coast and The Entrance.
Finnish stunt performer, Antti Pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in Riksgränsen, Sweden. The brain child of Finnish extreme sports group, Stunt Freak Team, the barmy bunch spent just three hours conjuring up the plan before beginning test flights. By using wood from an old truck bed, a tandem parachute and of course, duct tape, the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine.
11-month-old babies reacted with surprise when they saw magic tricks. Babies were more interested in playing with the ball than a toy they had never seen before. They would bang the ball on the table more as they tried to work out its secrets. This suggests that babies learn from the unexpected, say the US researchers. Previous studies have shown babies and newborn animals have surprising amounts of knowledge about maths and physics.
The three men - Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 - were arrested Thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The state said the murder plot started after Driver, an officer at the Department of Corrections Reception and Medical Center in rural north Florida, had a fight with the inmate. In late 2014, authorities say Driver provided the Klan chapter, called a klavern, with a photograph of the inmate, who'd been let out on supervised release. 'Both Driver and Moran... told the (confidential informant) that
Emirates and Etihad Airways planes were flying in opposite directions over the Arabian Sea. Both planes received a 'Resolution Advisory' or RA from the on-board collision avoidance system. RA is sounded to an aircraft when they are within 40 seconds of traffic in a particular airspace. Following this an RA is then given out if an aircraft is at risk of collision within 25 seconds, and the pilot has six seconds to respond. Etihad have maintained that the safety of its passengers was never compromised.
Former premier made an unannounced visit to Ulaanbataar last month in his capacity as a consultant to the cash-strapped government. He met new Mongolian prime minister Chimed Saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists and the opposition. There is concern over plans for development of the sacred pine-covered Noyon Uul region which has £1.2 billion gold reserves. It is dotted with the burial mounds of the rulers of the ancient Hun civilisation, dating back to the first century BC.
Scientists at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California have revealed the reason why skin is so hard to tear. They cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart. Using X-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing. Collagen in the dermis, the thickest of the three main layers that make up skin, changed its alignment at the edge of the tear to absorb the stress and provide extra strength. Findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear.
48-year-old wrote her name and the day's date on the dome of the cathedral. She used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on Monday morning. Staff from Museo dellOperate del Duomo alerted police, who found her and charged her. It's the second time in four weeks that an Italian tourist has been charged for defacing a landmark.
Marvin "Papi Gallo" Jones and Ramon Luis Nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from Jones' black and red shorts at the ring in Arcadia, Florida. Referee Frankie Santore Jr. went over to pick up the Samsung Galaxy and looked like he was chastising Jones, who seemed confused. But Jones later said he was listening to music before the fight and put his phone in his shorts.
Grade II listed building was previously known as Bridewell Prison in Liverpool. Housed inmates for court appearances and short sentences for petty crimes. The prison was completely secure and a plaque on the wall reads: 'Please do not ask for bail because a refusal often offends' The thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls, exposing traditional brickwork and iron work features. Exercise yard, once open to the elements, has been converted into a glass covered indoor lounge space.
Ashley Doody, 30, was arrested on Sunday after allegedly stabbing her mixed-breed dog Trixie with a kitchen knife. Police say she was high on bath salts and believed the dog was possessed. Trixie lost a lot of blood but is expected to survive. Doody has been charged with aggravated cruelty to animals.
Taffee the Shetland pony was battered to death with a breeze block in the middle of the night in a brutal attack. The left side of the pony's skull was completely caved in, her left eye was battered out of its socket and concrete was embedded in her brain. Vets called to the field in Boxley, near Gillingham, Kent, had no option but to put the distressed pony down.
The Block's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for April 28. Before then the apartments will be open to the public on April 11-12, with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look. Darren and Dea face off against Charlotte and Josh, Tim and Anastasia, and Ayden and Jess. The teams will be hoping to do better than The Block Glasshouse duos, including Darren who pocketed just $10,000.
Figures show 29 per cent of GP training places remain unfilled. In some parts of the country, more than 60 per cent are empty. Doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis. Last week it was revealed 10% of patients tried - and failed - to book GP appointment.
Margaret Atwood dismissed Duchess of Cambridge as an uneventful dresser by author. She said Kate hasnt lived up to the fashion icon reputation of Princess Diana. The Handmaids Tale author said duchess is cautious when it comes to clothes and is told what to wear by advisers. But she added she is right not to follow in Diana's footsteps and dress 'uneventfully'
Qantas warned back in February that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code from April 1. Disgruntled customers who didn't get the memo have posted their complaints on social media. Cassandra Hann said she was refused entry to Qantas Club because she was wearing Havianas. Alex Koeninger was also turned away from the Perth lounge and wrote on Facebook 'I'll definitely be thinking twice before renewing my membership this year' Maria Neale wrote on Twitter: Refused entry into @QantAS club because I was wearing thongs I am SO angry
Misty Machinshok, 33, pleaded guilty to rape, aggravated assault, conspiracy, child endangerment and other charges in January. She 'coached' her husband Gary, 29, on the best positions to conceive, and held her daughter's hand 'the first few times' She planned to tell friends she got pregnant with a stranger at a house party. Husband also admitted to sexually assaulting her 11-year-old sister. Both victims are now in foster care.
Alfred Hitchcock was born in 1899 in Leytonstone, East London. He was educated by the Jesuits and instilled in him a belief in mystery and miracles. The logic and reason, coupled with a mood of anxiety, dread and paranoid suspicion, seeped into Hitchcocks work. His entire oeuvre, Ackroyd suggests, was a study of voyeurism, violence and guilt.
Voters in last year's parliamentary by-elections lodged complaints about aggressive campaigning tactics, fights between rival supporters, and bizarre activities on polling day. In one case, a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the 'unfair' promise of free curry, nightclub entertainment and hotel stays. Others accused politicians of 'fly-posting', while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting 'political views'
Jean-Marie Le Pen said he 'never regretted' making similar statements in the past. His daughter and current leader of the party Marine Le Pen immediately distanced herself from the comments. She said she 'deeply disagrees' with her 'deliberately provocative' father. Mr Le Pen, 86, is the founding father of the National Front (FN) and still an MEP. He has regularly made the comment about the Holocaust, telling the European Parliament in 2009: 'I just said that the gas chambers were a detail'
Ho Chi Minh City, formerly known as Saigon, has seen a 400 per cent increase in multi-millionaires calling the city home over the past decade. New World Wealth study found Hong Kong to be home to the most millionaires: 15,400. In the United States, Houston, Texas, is now home to 1,420 more millionaires than it was a decade ago. Fuzhou in China saw the most impressive growth rate: a whopping 450%.
A 38-year-old man jumped into Brush Creek in Kansas City, Missouri, after being stopped by police. Officers were called to a gas station at 2am after neighbors complained about a car blasting loud music. Driver of a grey 2007 Infinity smashed his car into a bridge and jumped into the water. He spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water, with officers waiting for him on both sides of the creek. Police officers armed with a BB gun got him in a choke hold and fished him out.
Alex Stock was portrayed as a callous social climber in the now-infamous story. He said magazine risked reputation by not disciplining reporter Sabrina Erdley. Rolling Stone's reporting was torn apart by Columbia Journalism School professors. They pointed out 'basic, even routine' failures in how the story was prepared. The most important failing was not contacting Stock and Ryan Duffin, they said.
Anthony Ray Hinton, 58, was released in the morning from the Jefferson County Jail in Birmingham, Alabama. He hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister, Darlene Gardner. Hinton was freed after prosecutors admitted earlier this week that they couldn't find evidence that a gun found at his home fired the bullets used in two brutal 1985 murders. 'I shouldn't have sat on death row for 30 years. All they had to do was test the gun,' Hinton said.
Nigerian-flagged Thunder was being tracked by environmental charity Sea Shepherd. The charity suspected it was engaged in illegal fishing near the island of Sao Tope, off the Gabon coast. Captain and crew manned life rafts late on Monday after the ship was scuttled. Video recorded by the activist group showed the ship sinking just hours after it said Thunder issued a distress signal on Monday afternoon.
Adele Berry spoke to a call handler when she contacted the firm over a bill issue. The 21-year-old made small talk but did nothing to suggest she was interested in him. But she was stunned when she later received a string of flirty texts from the man. In one message he called himself her 'future hubby' and asked about his 'in laws' He also sent her a picture of himself and said: 'Wow I knew you beautiful but damn you are super beautiful' The man has now been suspended by Vodafone, which says it takes allegations '
Abdel-Kader Russell-Boumzar was granted bail in Brisbane's Magistrate Court on Thursday. The 17-year-old shot to notoriety last October when footage of him allegedly spitting on and racially abusing a security guard on a train went viral. He was charged with numerous offences, including serious assault, creating a disturbance and racial vilification. Magistrate Deborah Vasta warned him he would be targeted once released on bail.
Exclusive pictures obtained by Daily Mail Online show Dr Fredric Brandt, the year he graduated from Frank H Morrell High, Irvington, New Jersey. They were taken at the age of 18, when he was, in his own words, just a Jewish kid from Newark, and before he had transformed himself into the figure lampooned on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt The famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his Miami home. He had been left devastated by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character
2015 marks the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo in Belgium. 'Waterloo quickly entered the English language as a synonym for a decisive defeat While the British know what happened when Napoleon met his Waterloo, the French-speaking world is less convinced. Local entrepreneur Anthony Martin has invested a substantial financial stake in plans for marking the anniversary.
Sinbad, a ginger tabby cat, sneaked into a shipping container in Egypt on March 8. He made his way from Alexandria Port in Egypt to Moreton-on-Lugg, Herefordshire. Staff at Mediterranean Linens heard strange noises coming from the container. The RSPCA was called out and found Sinbad, who had made a bed in one of the boxes. Sinbad was found to be hungry, thirsty and tired but also friendly and vocal. RSPCA described the case as 'unique' and said it was incredible he had survived the journey.
Jonathan Maitland said public is'ready' for play An Audience with Jimmy Savile to be shown. Play will see impressionist Alistair McGowan portray the disgraced comedian. It will open in London in June, less than three years after abuse was exposed. Twitter users slammed the subject choice describing it as 'unbelievable' and 'not quite right' But lawyer acting on behalf of 178 of Savile's victims said it will be'sensitive'
Rita, 24, is face of Rimmel's latest beauty campaign. Shows off cleavage in Brian Litchenberg graffiti-emblazoned crop top. Also recently unveiled her own festival-inspired range for the beauty giant. Partied with fashion's finest at Tommy Hilfiger's new store opening and dinner party.
Kevin Perz, 56, a father-of-four from Kansas City, Missouri, graduated from Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield in 1977. Over the past few years he has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of and mailing them a 'gift' He started in 1992 with a check for $5,000 to his calculus teacher, then in 2002 he sent a $10,000 check to his former business teacher. Perz recently sent Marilyn Mecham, his home economics teacher in 1977, a check. He enlisted the help of the Alumni Association,
Clarkson punched Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in the face and verbally abused him for 20 minutes. The incident took place at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire last month after Clarkson had been filming Top Gear in the area. North Yorkshire Police had opened an investigation into the incident. But Mr Tymon told police he did not want to press charges against the presenter. Officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against Clarkson.
Richard Curry, 71, was diagnosed with malignant melanoma in his septum. He was told he would have to have his nose removed but could be fitted with prosthetic. Had metal implants inserted into cheekbones and nasal cavity to hold prosthetic in place. Now wears new prosthetic all day but removes it at night when he goes to bed. Specialist says it is fairly common to attach prosthetic ears, but this was the first time they had used magnets to attach a nose.
Nicholas Figueroa, 23, and Moises Locon, 26, both died when the Manhattan apartment building collapsed last Thursday following a massive blast. Investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion, with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings. In August utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped, it has emerged. Horia Hrynenko, the building's landlord, could now face criminal charges, sources say.
The 20-month-old boy was reportedly choking and struggling to breathe. He was rushed to Coolah District Hospital but sadly died shortly after. Forensic officers executed a crime scene warrant at a property in Neilrex on Wednesday. Police are treating the incident as suspicious and appealing to the public for any information.
Thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world. But the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by CGI images to create an entirely new look. Jamie Anderson said the CGI characters did not have the same charm as the 'lovingly detailed' miniature puppets.
Steven Carl Day was allegedly murdered on December 18, 2013 after he told two friends that he molested young girls and that he thought, 'one of them was starting to like it' Day met up with friends Robert Mccombs and Roger Musick at a bar for drinks and that's where the shocking confession allegedly took place. 'My jaw just dropped that he would just admit it, blurt it out like that. I looked over at Roger and he was just as shocked as I was,' McCombs told the court. Musick, 39, mouthed the words 'I want to kill
David Cameron reiterates pledge to offer cut-price properties to 200,000 young first-time buyers. Project is part of a dramatic extension of the Help to Buy scheme launched last month. The properties would be 20 per cent cheaper than their market value. Each one will cost no more than £250,000 outside London and £450,000 in capital.
Sculpture unveiled at Westfield Stratford City shopping centre's atrium. It took a crew of eight people over 250 man hours to create and weighs 40kg. Reaction to the sculpture was mixed, with some shoppers looking unimpressed. But it proved a hit with a pair of police sniffer dogs who gave it a thorough sniffing down.
University of Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison directed a racial slur at University of Wisconsin player Frank Kaminsky during a press conference after Saturday's semi-final game. Harrison said 'f*** that n****' into a live microphone when another player was asked a question about Kaminsky. The comment came as a reporter asked Kentucky's Karl-Anthony Towns about defending Kaminsky, and Harrison covered his mouth with his hand in front of his mouth, but the mic picked up the comment. Kentucky lost the game 71-64 to the Badgers, ending their undefeated season and ruining their undefeated run to the Final
Tanya Heath Paris features hundreds of heel varieties that slide and click into place. A high heel (3.5 inches) can be swapped for a low heel (1.5ins) at the press of a button. Shoes start from £260 and come in a variety of styles, from stilettos to chunky pumps. Canadian-born designer, Tanya Heath, 44, has lived and worked in Paris for 20 years.
Fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our DNA, researchers say. Intinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat. It could date back to early human evolution in Africa, where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago. A black widow spider bite in the ancestral world could leave one incapacitated for days or even weeks.
Lance Corporal Albert Duffy was attacked at a bus stop in Hartlepool last year. He was left in a coma and severely brain damaged after being punched by Keith Anderson. The 28-year-old thug 'bounced around triumphantly like a boxer' after the assaults. L/Cpl Duffy's military career had been ruined and he is unlikely to return to the army. Anderson already has 19 convictions for 39 offences, including punching and headbutting two women in a takeaway and assaulting a man in a pub.
Body of Andrew Getty, naked from the waist down, was discovered in a bathroom at his gated, three-storey £2.6 million villa in the Hollywood Hills on Tuesday afternoon. The 47-year-old grandson of John Paul Getty, once the worlds richest man, Andrew was an heir to the vast Getty oil fortune. Lurid early reports of his death and troubled past suggest a new chapter has opened in the tragic history of a family that epitomises, like no other, the saying that money doesnt bring you happiness.
Kyhesha-Lee Joughin was found dead at her father's home in Petrie, north of Brisbane, on March 30, 2013. The three-year-old succumbed to massive bowel injuries after being struck days before her death. Her father Matthew Lee Williamson and his friend Christopher Arthur Neville Kent, who also lived in the house and cared for the child, are each charged with manslaughter and child cruelty. Kent was granted bail in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Wednesday after the court heard he'd offered to plead guilty on the basis of criminal negligence. Both he and Williamson are due to
Documents released by Edward Snowden claim Britain spied on Argentina between 2006 and 2011. They allege Britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda. No official response from Britain or Argentina to the claims published by Argentine media. Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British lives. South American state still claims territorial rights to the remote, wind-swept islands. Row over sovereignty of the islands, which Argentina calls Malvinas, could be intensified by British oil find.
Ashton Canal filled with heavy suds after fire crews tackled chemical plant blaze. Water used by firefighters to dampen down flames mixed with detergent stored in burning buildings. This then turned into a huge wall of foam when it drained into the canal. The Environment Agency are investigating to assess if the foam has harmed any wildlife.
Mindy Kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother Vijay Chokal-Ingam's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an African American to get into medical school. A representative for the comedienne said she has been estranged from Vijay 'for years' and was 'not aware of his decision to apply to medical school under a different name and race' In 1998 he shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students to gain admission to St. Louis University School of Medicine. In his new book, Almost Black, he claims he
Local Government Association warns they may not be able to create more places. Two in five local authorities will have more children ready to start school than places next year. This will increase to more than half by 2017/18 and to three in five by 2018/19. Comes after head of Ofsted Sir Michael Wilshaw warned schools were struggling to cope with growing numbers of migrant pupils.
Hannah and Alex, from Nelson, New Zealand, built a solar-powered, wood and steel home on the back of a 1986 Hino flatbed truck. The two-bedroom, two-bathroom home has a loft that doubles as a spare room for the couple's cat. Most of the electricity comes from solar panels.
Teresa James, 40, believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile. She started whitening her teeth five years ago influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired. Almost a third of Britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth. In America, sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996.
Woman was left in water clinging to hull of overturned trimaran in English Channel. Her partner ensured she was safe, then tied a rope around himself, before diving under the vessel to locate the flare. The alarm was raised after a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from Dungeness Point, Kent. HM Customs cutter was on the water nearby and was able to locate upturned vessel within minutes and spotted a red flare.
Freeze trawler with international crew of 132 sank this morning in freezing waters of Sea of Okhotsk 205 miles off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. More than 25 fishing boats in the area helped to pull the crew members to safety. Ship was carrying 78 Russian nationals, as well as 54 foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu. No official cause for the sinking has been given but drifting ice in the chilly Pacific waters may have played a role.
China National Tourism Administration (CNTA) said on its website on Monday that authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to China. Police, customs officers, border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted. Bad behaviour will include disorder on public transportation, damaging public facilities or historical relics, ignoring social customs at tourism destinations, and becoming involved with gambling or prostitution.
Police searched an area near a Ford Motor Company plant in Michigan on Sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at Halloween party. Chelsea Ellen Bruck, 22, from Maybee has not been seen since the early hours of October 26, 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her. The Maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain Poison Ivy when she attended a Halloween party October 26 in Frenchtown Township. A witness reported seeing Miss Bruck walking about 3am with a man as the party was winding down.
Jodie Barden, 28, has been forced to plan her daughters' funerals. Ella, eight, and Chloe, one, have Cockayne Syndrome, a rare genetic disorder. Condition causes premature ageing, underdeveloped nervous system and a small head. Sufferers usually don't live to see their teenage years and usually die from pneumonia. Mrs Barden has already made arrangements for both daughters funerals with her husband, Luke, who is also 28.
Labour launched poster declaring 'the Tories have made it harder to see a GP' But critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date  and that the GP crisis is widely blamed on Labour's GP contracts, which allowed them to opt out of out-of-hours care. It emerged last night that a Labour-supporting GP had circulated a letter claiming that 'five years of flat-line funding' have 'crippled the NHS' Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has promised to give NHS chiefs 'whatever they need' after the election.
Jamaica, Colombia and Saint Lucia have the highest percentage of female bosses. Britain ranks 41st out of 108 countries in the world for having a female boss. Pakistan was ranked as the worst country for having the lowest percentage of managers. Nearly a third of all businesses around the world are now owned or managed by women.
Andrew Mogni, 20, from Glen Ellyn, Illinois, had only just arrived for a semester program in Italy when the incident happened in January. He was flown back to Chicago via air ambulance on March 20, but he died on Sunday. Initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that he was robbed. Mogni was in a coma and in critical condition for months.
Most Rev Justin Welby said the 148 mainly Christian victims of Thursday's brutal mass-murders were 'witnesses, unwilling, unjustly, wickedly, and they are martyrs in both senses of the word' Pope Francis made similar statements during Easter Sunday Mass at St Peter's Square in the Vatican. He also made a nod to the recent agreement between Iran and the international community over its nuclear power.
A 10-year-old autistic boy was locked in a metal cage at a Canberra school. The cage was specifically designed as a 'withdrawal space' for the boy. It was in place from March 10 to March 27, according to ACT Education Minister Joy Burch. Ms Burch said she was'very angry and very disappointed' with the incident and said the cage had no place in a classroom.
Europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick, and invested in employment schemes, the more likely its residents were to want a job. In Norway, which pays the highest benefits in Europe, almost 80% of people wanted a job. In Estonia, one of the least generous countries, only around 40% did. People who are hungry are more inclined to support welfare state policies that help the poor.
Denise and Glen Higgs, from Braunton, Devon, had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after Glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment. But using his frozen sperm, doctors successfully created eight embryos through IVF fertility treatment and the couple had a daughter Mazy, born three years ago. The couple tried again using the same batch and Denise gave birth to twins Carter and Carson last week.
Hayley Adams, 29, of Barnstaple, Devon, seen sneaking into William Tanners bedroom. CCTV device was put in room by his daughter Angela Wrenn, 56, after she became suspicious. She was shocked to discover the culprit was a trusted relative - and mother to his great-grandchildren. Adams admitted to taking about £65, but relatives believe it was closer to thousands. Victim told court he was left feeling violated and vulnerable after Adams stole money.
The former secretary of state's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space at 1 Pierrepont Plaza in the hipster enclave of Brooklyn Heights. It's not clear whether the campaign itself or some other legal entity signed on the dotted line, but putting ink to paper at the aristocratic-sounding building has started a countdown clock. The Federal Election Commission's rules require candidates to declare themselves publicly within 15 days of doing anything that's considered campaign activity. So far only Texas Republican Sen. Ted Cruz has officially entered the 2016 presidential race.
New York is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but MOMA is still brilliant. Reykjavik is still reeling from the global financial meltdown but shows signs of recovery. Pingvellir National Park sits atop the fault line that separates the American continent from the European one and provides Iceland with its volcanoes and geothermal springs.
A student expelled from George Mason University for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing in federal court to clear his name, arguing that an encounter with a girlfriend was sadomasochistic role playing, not sexual assault. A hearing in the case is scheduled for Friday in Alexandria. The ex-student has sued under a pseudonym to protect his privacy. University is demanding he identify himself publicly, despite arguments that doing so would expose both him and the woman who says she was assaulted.
Nicholas Figueroa's mother, Ana, wept as she watched son's casket being loaded into hearse. She was among more than 200 mourners to attend service at Church of the Holy Name of Jesus. Mr Figuera's father, Nixon, told mourners: 'We're here to show the love we always have for him' He added: 'I'm here but I'm broken. My son is broken. It hurts... It's heartbreaking for everybody' Brother, Neal, paid tribute to his 'best friend', saying he 'wanted to be like
The motoring programme's website now features image of The Stig at the top of page. BBC say masthead change is to'simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show' It comes just over a week after Jeremy Clarkson was sacked for punching Top Gear producer. Presenters Hammond and May also reveal they are selling off a dozen bikes from motor cycle collections. But BBC has confirmed Top Gear's live world tour will go ahead next month, with the three original presenters.
Michelle Pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by Katie Couric. The series was created by Diane English, who was behind the show Murphy Brown, about a female news anchor. Couric will serve as an executive producer, drawing on her experience as an anchor on Today for 15 years. English would also serve as a writer, producer and showrunner.
Rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by Oregon Zoo officials. His leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990. Rama used his trunk to create paintings, which reportedly earned over $100,000 in sales. The elephant's 32nd birthday would have taken place on Wednesday.
John Howard, 66, drained Overseas Press and Media Association's account. Father-of-three spent thousands on restaurant meals and trips to France. He was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed 'I'm sorry' to a former colleague. Fraud uncovered after association had problems paying its creditors.
Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg say sexting is 'not advised for politicians' in Cosmopolitan quiz. Natalie Bennett says it is 'OK for other adults but not for me' Education Secretary Nicky Morgan says: 'A bit too risky, thank you very much!' Their responses are hardly surprising considering downfalls of fellow politicians. Tory MP Brooks Newmark and Tory official Iain Corby were embroiled in sextings scandals.
'Ghosts' tend to be sighted in old buildings, which are often more likely to have damp and mould problems. No-one is exactly sure of the psychoactive effects of indoor moulds on the brain. Spores have been linked with mood swings, hyperactivity, and irrational anger, as well as cognitive impairment. A team of researchers are exploring whether the mould may cause people to think they have seen ghosts, by comparing conditions in 'haunted' and non-haunted old buildings.
Kristi Gordon, of British Columbia's news channel Global BC, was joined by her fellow anchors Robin Stickley and Squire Barnes as they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy. The online bullies, who left no name or return address, added: 'We now turn off Global. The Group' 'Your front end looks like the Hindenburg and rear end a brick - fill in the blank - house,' Kristi read from one of the messages.
Sydney psychologist Darryl Dewar has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had 'nice t**s' during a consultation. The woman, who was having suicidal thoughts at the time, also claimed he called her 'a horny little thing' and asked her if her mother was a 'f---ing bitch' The Civil and Administrative tribunal reprimanded Mr Dewar last week and have banned him from  re-registering as a psychologist unless he takes part in counselling or further education.
Three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in Arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver. The driver, who has not been identified, was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on Wednesday. But miraculously suffered only minor injuries. Two other passengers, aged 16 and 17, were removed from the four-door sedan an hour after the accident and taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Curvy Kate is a lingerie brand for women with bigger boobs. The D+ label says its image is 'empowering', especially with the widespread call for real models. Final ten contenders for Star in ABra contest feature in powerful new image. Victoria's Secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign.
Dimitri Harrell, 21, 'pulled out his gun and pointed it at Samirria White, 19, at 3.40am on Sunday' He was holding couple's three-month-old daughter, who was in his arms at time of shooting. Then allegedly shot Miss White in the face at close range, according to police in St Paul, Minnesota. Miss White's 16-year-old brother, who woke up after apparently hearing his sister scream 'Don't point that gun at me!', ran into the room and found his sister dead. Now, Harrell has
Tiffany Jackson was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended. Children at the Memphis school where she teaches re-posted the picture on social media. School suspended three pupils for three days for 'inappropriate use of electronic media' But the decision was overturned after a backlash from a parent who said her son was singled out.
American YouTube user KentuckyFriedIdiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle. Footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow. The infant then obediently performs the same stunt with a water bottle of her own.
Tiffany Sical, 21, and Bryan Rodriguez-Solis, 23, were driving along Route 6 in Rhode Island. They were returning home from a screening of Fast and Furious 7 on Sunday morning. But they were killed when Joel Norman, 24, allegedly crashed into their car head-on. Couple's six-year-old daughter, Jaylene Rodriguez, has been left orphaned by horror car crash. Norman, of Massachusetts, charged with two counts of driving under the influence - death resulting. He has also been charged with driving to endanger death resulting, police said
Ferme de Montagne is located in the French resort of Les Gets in the Portes du Soleil area. The area has 400 miles of groomed pistes linked by 14 ski stations across the French/Swiss border. Staff spend a mandatory week at The Dorchester in Mayfair before the start of each new season. Three nights at the hotel costs from £995 per person, excluding flights, based on two sharing.
No serious injuries were reported in the crashes on U.S. Highway 36 between Boulder and Denver, but tow-truck drivers were kept busy hauling away damaged cars. In Aurora, near Denver, one person died after being thrown from an Oldsmobile Bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of Interstate 225. At lower elevations, the storm left only light snow on grass, and roads were largely clear because of recent warm weather. But motorists driving at normal speeds were surprised by icy patches, especially on bridges.
Aaron Hernandez's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence. Hernandez's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on Monday before resting at 3pm. Following tomorrow's closing statements, the jury will deliberate on their verdict. The former New England Patriots player is accused of killing Odin Lloyd in June 2013.
Edmund Echukwu, 35, died at a James Bond-themed sex party in Radlett, Hertfordshire. He was pulled from the water and pronounced dead at Watford General Hospital. Neighbour Margaret Brown, 67, paid tribute to the father-of-three today. She said: 'I'm devastated. He was such a sweet guy. I remember I used to talk to him a lot of the time' Event featured 007 references including a roulette wheel and a woman covered in gold paint inspired by Goldfinger.
Party will launch billboard advert using image from famous 1979 'Labour Isn't Working' poster. But instead it will warn: The doctor cant see you now Poster features the same long line of people used to illustrate dole queues under Jim Callaghan. Labour will warn 600 fewer GP surgeries across England are now open in the evening and weekends compared to the last election. Shadow health secretary Andy Burnham will say figures are a timely reminder of the 'NHS crisis'
Germanwings flight 4U814 to Venice diverted to Stuttgart over suspected oil leak. Passenger and flight attendant required medical treatment for 'an acute feeling of sickness' Airbus A319 was carrying 145 passengers and five crew members from Hanover to Rome. Turned around north-east of Bologna and landed at Venice Marco Polo Airport. Comes less than two weeks after Germanwings plane crashed into French Alps.
Illume ArcLighter uses electricity to ignite candles and paper and incense. Instead of using a spark and fuel mechanism like traditional lighters, the device creates a super high-intensity electrical arc between two ceramic electrodes. This means there is no flare ups like with matches or conventional lighters that can easily burn fingers. Its inventors, based in Edmonton, Canada, are raising money to put the lighter into production on Kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal. The device costs CAD$40 (£21 or US$32) via Kickstarter and is expected to ship in November.
The UK is to open its first three proton beam therapy centres in Cardiff, London and Northumberland. The first in the Welsh capital will be operational by next year, with the others opening in 2017. Comes just weeks after parents of Ashya King, 5, told how he was given the 'all-clear' after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in Prague. Brett and Naghmeh King sparked an international manhunt last year after taking their son out of hospital in Southampton without doctors' consent. They fled to Spain in a bid to get Ashya to
Casey Levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son Sam to eat a California roll with a $10 prize up for grabs. He stipulated that there must be no 'gagging or making any faces' Footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute's hesitation and running off 'to be sick' Sam says at one point just looking at the sushi fills him with 'disgust' To date the'sushi challenge' video has been watched more than 100,000 times.
The official website of the Sydney Royal Easter Show lists the retail value of show bag contents. It reveals that at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright. Buyers of the Fruit Tingles bag will get three 34 gram packets of the disc-shaped lollies, one 34 gram packet of fruit pastilles, two Redskins, two lollipops and two Milko sticks for $5.10. For $15 buyers will get a drinking cap with Aussie flag, a mullet wig, fake bogan teeth, Aussie pride stubby holder
AmberMarie Irving-Elkins was in the Stanley Mosk Courthouse in Los Angeles on Thursday morning when she felt a contraction and knew she was going to give birth to a baby boy. Clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department who were inside the courthouse. Deputy Marquette Oliver ran over to assist her and told her to stop pushing - but she could not. She pulled down her trousers and the baby's head was visible, so he bent down and caught the baby as he was born. The baby boy, Malachi, was
Obama said he expects a 'robust debate' on the deal in the United States. Many of Obama's Republican opponents in Congress have been skeptical of a deal with Iran. Obama highlighted the rigorous inspections to which Tehran will be subject. 'If Iran cheats, the world will know it,' he said.
Pete Bennett, 33, won the seventh series of Big Brother in August 2006. He was given £100,000 of prize money but is now broke and living off the charity of friends. Claims that fame on the show kick-started a range of problems that led to a dependency on ketamine. Seven of his friends have died from drug-related incidents since becoming famous.
Raymond Howell Jr.'s body was found near a culvert in McKinney, Texas on Thursday morning. He was a freshman at McKinney Boyd High School but had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students, according to friends. McKinney police confirmed on Thursday that it was suicide. School district officials have not yet responded to requests from DailyMail.com.
Prime Minister pictured eating hotdog with cutlery during a visit to Poole, Dorset. Bizarre dining etiquette almost certainly designed to avoid repeat of Miliband's bacon sandwich gaffe. Old Etonian insists he has never tried to hide his privileged upbringing. Insists he will not change the way he acts or speaks to win voters over with his posh manner.
Nigel Farage attacked high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with HIV. Latest official figures show more than half of those newly diagnosed with HIV in Britain were born overseas. Ukip leader was accused of dangerous scaremongering but claims were overstated. Labour leader Ed Miliband branded the comments disgusting and former England captain Gary Lineker wrote on Twitter: Always reluctant to offer a political view, but Farage is a d***!
Steven Mathieson, 38, stabbed Luciana Maurer dozens of times in unprovoked attack. Father-of-two then raped two more vice girls at his home while his partner was out. His young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the horrific crimes. Mathieson pleaded guilty to murder and rape at the High Court in Glasgow today. He now faces life in prison and was described as of 'impeccable character' by judge.
Phil Blackwood was sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by a Burmese court. He posted mocked-up image of Buddha wearing DJ headphones on Facebook to promote his bar. The tongue-in-cheek advert provoked outrage among devout Buddhists. MPs and human rights campaigners say he is enduring appalling conditions in prison. They claim British Government has 'turned its back' on the 32-year-old bar manager.
Landon Carnie and his twin sister Lorie were initially thought to have died when the first flight of Operation Babylift crashed minutes after take-off. 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash and later taken to their adoptive parents in the U.S. who had earlier been told they were dead. Now 41, Landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside on the outskirts of Ho Chi Minh City where the C-5 military cargo plane crashed.
Susan House, 55, was out walking her dogs at the time of the blast in Theddlethorpe, Lincolnshire. Fire crews were called after a tremendous blast was heard, blowing the back wall and windows out and causing substantial damage to the roof. Police and fire crews have launched an investigation into the explosion, but are not treating it as suspicious. Explosion originated in the kitchen, prompting emergency services to believe it was caused by a gas leak.
The bus and train used to film The Fugitive lie abandoned in the Great Smokey Mountains in North Carolina. Fans of the 1993 film will recognize them as those used by Harrison Ford's character Dr Richard Kimble when he escapes from a prison transport. The scene cost an eye-watering $1.5million to shoot using a real train hitting a real bus. Crew spent two months on location to plan the impact which lasted a heart-stopping 60 seconds.
Jessica Chastain and her boyfriend, Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo, recently purchased a $5.1 million apartment at The Osborne Apartments on West 57th Street in Midtown Manhattan. The apartment features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms. Residents say the building is haunted by the ghosts of opera singer Johanna Gadski and architect Alfredo Taylor. Chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films Interstellar and A Most Violent Year.
Greg Gibbins, 28, was fatally stabbed with a knife during a violent brawl in the early hours of Easter Monday. The Wyong Roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at Gosford Hospital. His friend, who tried to help, remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery. Family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to a 'top bloke' who loved travelling, partying and going to festivals and sporting events. A 20-year-old man was arrested nearby after
The noose was found early Wednesday in a plaza area at the heart of the Durham, North Carolina campus. The university is not identifying the student in question, citing federal education laws protecting student privacy. Black Student Alliance vice president Henry Washington said he and about 14 other students saw the noose hanging overnight after being alerted via Twitter.
Programmer Martin Bellander used software to extract colour information from online images. Plot is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000. Shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th Century, with all colours increasing except for orange. Believes experts who claim change is due to price of paint are wrong.
A picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground with a rifle strapped to her body and a handgun by her side has emerged. TV footage showed police sealing off the street in the central Aksaray neighbourhood. The attack comes a day after Turkish prosecutor Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, died in hospital after members of the Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage. Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu warned of the risk of 'provocations' ahead of June's national election.
Trevor Duffy, 19, of the Bronx died in November. His death came after a night of heavy drinking during a party held by Zeta Beta Tau members at an off-campus home. The court papers included details of other frat hazing rituals that included pledges being told to fight one another and eat the insides of cigars.
Leila Alavi was found stabbed to death with a pair of scissors in her car. The 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended violence order against her ex-husband Mokthar Hosseiniamraei. Mitra Alavi has revealed her little sister was on a desperate mission to find a women's refuge to escape her estranged husband. Ms Alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at Auburn Shopping Village in Sydney's west. Her body was found by a distressed colleague inside her
Officers in Paramus, Bergen County, responded to an animal that was headbutting a door in the wealthy community. The goat was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on Saturday. Police are still working to find the owner of the goat.
Periscope, Twitter's new iPhone app which allows users to broadcast live video and audio online, launched last Thursday. Early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology. App developer Justin Esgar is warning parents about the app's various 'land mines' and insists they need to monitor their child's use of it.
Kinessa Johnson from Yelm, Washington State, works for the Veterans Empowered to Protect African Wildlife (VEPAW), training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers. The organisation was founded by an ex-Marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11. She joined the group last November after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic. Photos on her Instagram and Facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online.
The vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) It is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the Ebola virus. When administered, it induces an immune response against the deadly virus in the body. Scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after 'highly promising results' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses.
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, was last seen on March 2 driving near her parents' home in Norfolk, Virginia. Divers are searching a pond near Carrsville for her cell phone, which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance. Her stepfather Wesley Hadsell was taken into police custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter. He has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will. Police have not ruled out foul play in the disappearance of the Longwood University freshman
David Hyche came up with the idea when his daughter turned blind nine years ago. A transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound. Hyche has passed on the idea to the Alabama Institute for Deaf and Blind in Birmingham.
Lib Dem leader says idea of more than two parties forming a government is not 'going to work' He said it would be a'messy' way to run the country and risked instability. Told voters to go to the ballot box on May 7 expecting a hung parliament. But he sought to make the case for only the Lib Dems working with Labour or Tories. Recent polls put Tories and Labour almost neck and neck, with seat projections suggesting a two-party coalition might struggle to secure a majority.
Queen and senior members of Royal Family will attend Westminster Abbey service. Chain of beacons will be lit across the country and Spitfire and Lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies. Star-studded concert will be held in London from May 8 to 10 as part of commemorations. On May 8, 1945, the Queen famously joined the jubilant victory celebrations in London.
Vanilla Ice, whose real name is Robert Van Winkle, appeared. in Palm Beach County Court on Thursday. He agreed to. perform 100 hours of community service and pay $1,333 to the estate of a neighbor for. allegedly stealing furniture and pool equipment from the $1million home. The items that were taken from the house were returned to their owner.
Colin Barnett made the comments at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in Western Australia yesterday. Search parties have not been successful in recovering MH370 since it disappeared on March 8 last year. This comes as the wife of an Australian passenger on MH370 spoke of her heartache, revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father hasn't come home.
The 58-year-old actor was going through customs at Newcastle Airport to Gatwick. He was carrying six £1.80 tubs of pease pudding and several Greggs pies in hand luggage. Staff told him consistency of the pudding could 'technically' be classed as Semtex. Traveller offered to let security taste the North East delicacy to prove it wasn't a bomb-making substance. Was allowed through with his snacks but warned to pack them in hold luggage next time.
Cases of shigellosis, otherwise known as 'Delhi Belly' or 'Montezuma's revenge' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the Dominican Republic, India or other countries. Symptoms include diarrhea, stomach cramps and nausea. Outbreaks of the Shigella bacteria are not unusual, but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults in the U.S.
The echidna was spotted paddling out to sea off Victoria's Mornington Peninsula. The prickly Australian mammal was filmed using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel. According to Australia Zoo, echidnas, like many native Australian animals, are actually 'proficient' swimmers. Echidnas live on a diet of ants, termites, grubs and worms.
More than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers, villages and even the jungle to make the trip. They were finally being rescued by the Indonesian Fisheries Ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching. The fishermen described being beaten, kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given Taser-like electric shocks.
The 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $300,000 to $600,000, but received no bids at a Sotheby's auction on Wednesday. The current owner of the letters is Yankee Hall of Famer Reggie Jackson, who purchased them after the stadium saw its final game in 2008. Jackson said he wanted 'a new generation to own and enjoy this icon of the Yankees'
Asylum seekers and refugees do not have to reveal criminal history when applying to be a cab driver. Transport for London rules mean they are exempt from criminal records checks. Applicants from outside the EU must provide a letter of 'good conduct' from home country. But asylum seekers and those applying for refugee status are not required to do so. Tory MP Nick de Bois said the loophole 'beggars belief'
Colin Turnbull, 69, caught in 'compromised position' with Rozina Khanim, 39, in classroom. Governor at £13,000-a-year Priory School, Birmingham, walked in on pair engaged in sex act. Teacher has worked at the school for nine years, hiring out room for private tuition. School said to be packed with pupils and parents when they were caught during exam day. Mr Turnbull has not commented on tryst, but senior staff have told him to 'never return'
Prime Minister's wife makes first solo appearance of the general election campaign. Joined Tory Kelly Tolhurst for a visit to Abbey Court School in Rainham, Kent. Tory sources said it remains a 'key seat' and Mrs Cameron was keen to support Tolhurst. David Cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick Reckless's 'fat arse' out of Commons.
Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd has rescued 35 crew members from a sinking ship. The rescue mission comes after the Sea Shepherd vessel Bob Barker followed it's world record breaking pursuit of the accused poaching vessel Thunder for more than 100 days. 35 crew members, who abandoned the sinking ship, were safely rescued  off the coast of Africa after being held in life rafts.
Naughty Boy, real name Shahid Khan, has been working on Zayn's solo music. He tweeted a clip of what was thought to be the 22-year-old's first single, I Won't Mind. Zayn's former bandmate Louis Tomlinson took to Twitter to express his anger at the tweet. The producer has worked with Cheryl Cole, Rihanna, Tinie Tempah, Emeli Sande and more.
Asked what seven times six equals, Labours shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause. Mr Balls said: The answer& the answer is 42, before adding: 'It's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions, so that's the last one I'm going to answer'
The Scandfit Try Size has been dubbed the boob-job bra It comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four, according to their size.  inserts are measured in cubic centimetres, like surgical implants. The idea is that the inserts can be layered in various combinations to create different sizes of cleavage.
Earth is constantly oscillating and creating a hum that has been likened to the ring of a bell. Quakes shake the planet in such a way that the Earth can oscillate for months after an event. This oscillation is caused by vibrations and researchers in the mid-1980s found the hum can drop as low as an E flat, 20 octaves below middle C on the musical scale. A team of Japanese and Californian seismologists first suggested ocean waves may cause this constant hum in 2004. They proposed that as ocean waves move in opposite directions and collide they create microseismic activity
Analysis by Pew Research Center shows religion's share of world's population will equal the Christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070. By 2100, one per cent more of the worlds population will be Muslim than Christian, with the largest proportion of followers in India. The number of countries with a Christian majority is expected to decline from 159 to 151, the report claimed.
Yahya Rashid, 19, of Willesden, north west London, due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court today. Arrested at Luton Airport yesterday on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism. He was arrested as he entered the UK having landed on a flight from Istanbul.
Becky Watts went missing from her Bristol home in February. Her dismembered body parts were found 11 days later at a house in Barton Hill. Nathan Matthews, 28, faces a single count of murdering his step-sister. His girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the court of justice. Jaydene Parsons, 23, James Ireland, 23 and Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, are accused of helping dispose of and conceal Becky's body parts.
Barronelle Stutzman, owner of Arlene's Flowers and Gifts in Richland, Washington, was fined $1,000 in March for refusing to sell a same-sex couple flowers for their 2013 wedding. The 70-year-old told longtime customer Robert Ingersoll and Curt Freed that her'relationship with Jesus Christ' wouldn't allow her to do the ceremony. A Benton County judge ruled in February that her refusal to provide flowers violated Washington's anti-discrimination and consumer protection laws. Stutzman's benefit page compared to an Indiana pizza shop that raised more than $
Ralph Vaughan Williams's work topped Classic FM Hall of Fame after 200,000 votes. It topped the poll last year as well and was named Desert Island Discs' favourite. Vaughan Williams was inspired by a poem of the same name by George Meredith. The full poll also includes 12 pieces of music used to soundtrack video games.
General merchandise sales up 0.7% - the first rise after 14 consecutive quarters of losses. Belinda Earl, who ran Debenhams, Jaeger and Aquascutum, credited with boost. She is also behind £199 suede skirt worn by Alexa Chung and Olivia Palermo this month. M&S also saw a 13% rise in online sales - after a year of struggles for its new website. Boss Marc Bolland said it proved 'we have been bang on trend'
Simon Mitchell, 44, stole from Donna's Dream House, a charity for terminally ill children. He claimed to have close celebrity contacts to gain the trust of the organisation. Mitchell was meant to be raising the charity's profile following a devastating arson attack. But he repeatedly let them down and left them picking up the pieces when meetings with his supposed star-studded contacts failed to materialise. The theft came just months after Mitchell claimed to be carrying out a 'bucket list' of good deeds.
Becky Schoenig of St. Louis, Missouri was shocked when her brand new 2015 Ford Fusion was stolen from her driveway on Monday night. On April 1, she was shocked to learn that police had located the car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle and was returning it to her. When she got it back, she noticed that the rims had been spray painted red, there was red detailing on the sides of the car, and her steering wheel now had some orange accents. Rather than get upset however, she simply took to Facebook and thanked the thieves for 'pimp
Bryan Santana, 20, of Orlando, Florida, was found guilty of first-degree murder on Thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison. He strangled and stabbed his roommate, Shelby Fazio, 23, with a hunting knife in October last year, before killing her dog, mutilating it and writing messages in its blood on the wall. Fazio's family said they will 'never escape' the cold-blooded murder. Judge Renee Roche said: 'You will not be remembered. Oh but Shelby will. Even her beloved dog will be remembered longer than the defendant
Steven Howie, 28, of Dunfermline, left his girlfriend Karen Murray, 31, with 18 separate injuries. He punched, kicked and kneed her during a prolonged assault over period of an hour. The pair were due to attend Hogmanay celebrations at Stirling Castle on New Year's Eve. But the event was cancelled due to bad weather and the pair took a taxi back to their hotel. Howie then began to shout and swear at Miss Murray calling her a whore and a liar. Miss Murray was unable to get a signal to call police because of poor phone reception
Shaquille Omar Hallisey hit Matthew Leeke, 38, over the head with a bottle in Cardiff. The 20-year-old's attack left his victim with a fractured skull and cuts to his head. He admitted wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm and was jailed for four years. Judge described the attack as 'a savage demonstration of violence in a public place'
Janet Muller's body was found in the boot of a burning car on March 13. The 21-year-old was reported missing from Mill View Hospital in Hove on March 12. CCTV footage shows her walking in a subway in Portslade, East Sussex, the night before. Firefighters made the grim discovery of her body in Ifield, near Crawley, West Sussex. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, of Lakeside, London, has been charged with her murder.
Kevin Franklin married his new wife in the Italian Alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford milk. He siphoned off the £400,001 fortune over an eight-year period but when he was finally arrested he told police: 'I played him' He was jailed for four-and-a-half years at Warwick Crown Court yesterday after admitting fraud and deception. Judge ignored his plea for leniency because he was 'terrified' of going to prison.
Benito Gonzalez Jr.,46, was suspended from duty after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately while seated at a table in a Cherry Hill Starbucks. A surveillance photo posted to the Cherry Hill police Facebook page led to the 17-year Camden police veteran's arrest. Gonzalez claims the incident is the culmination of a three-year downward spiral following a traumatic experience more than three years ago. The father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay.
Successful applicant will have to travel to various Royal residences. Must order in 'the freshest seasonal ingredients' from the Queen's private Scottish retreat's kitchen garden and game from the Royal estates. Based mainly at Buckingham Palace, the job pays around £28,000-a-year - but there is accommodation available for which there is a salary adjustment Comes after the Queen was revealed to have surprisingly simple tastes in food.
Pope Francis urged the international community not to 'look the other way' and act over the killings of Christians around the globe. Speaking to tourists and Catholic pilgrims in St Peter's Square, the pontiff asked for 'tangible help' from communities all over the world. The Pope, aged 78, has been increasingly vocal about the fate of Christians being targeted by Islamic extremists.
Eight-strong team of graffiti artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight. They wanted to raise a smile with stressed-out Beijing residents who live stressful lives. Artist Xiao Wang said he had witnessed three people take their own lives in one month. Their work may soon be removed after local officials said booths should not be painted different colour.
The wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the New York International motor show. Swindon in Wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door Civic. The Swindon factory will be exporting the five-door hatchback version around the globe. Honda last rolled out an all-new Civic in 2011, and it was widely panned for bland styling.
When it comes to twins, particularly identical ones, they are an endless source of fascination. But not all monozygotic twins (i.e. twins born from a single fertilised egg) are truly identical. Some are mirror image twins, meaning that in one twin the hair might swirl clockwise, in the other twin it will swirl anticlockwise. Identical twins share virtually identical DNA, meaning they are more closely related to each other than to anyone else, including their parents or their own children.
Data bosses caught boasting to the Mail of underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets. They admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable. Claimed they could never be honest with people about consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls. 'We're a business at the end of the day,' one told the Mail.
Helaman Barlow was chief of police in Colorado City, Arizona, and Hildale, Utah. He said he acted on the orders of the church's leader, Warren Jeffs, out of fear of losing his family. When Jeffs was on the run, Barlow said he taped conversations with law enforcement officials and passed them onto the church leader. Barlow said he was also asked by a city official to alter police reports. His account comes amid reports that Jeffs continues to direct the Fundamentalist Church of Latter-Day Saints despite being in prison for marrying and raping two 12
Flight EI 660 left Dublin at 8.30am for Vienna at 9.20am, with 120 passengers on board. Pilot detected fumes on board and forced the plane to return to the Dublin Airport. Plane tracking website AirLive.net tweeted that it had turned around just as it started over Wales. Incident happened an hour after two Ryanair planes collided at the same airport.
A blue and yellow bathing box on Brighton beach in Melbourne has sold for a staggering $276,000. The winning bidder paid $150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history. In Sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanics garage for three generations. A grey-fronted building, which was built as a fire station complete with horses and water-laden carts in 1917, was sold in Paddington for $1.2 million. For those who like their homes closed off from the outside
Theodosia Aresti, 71, moved into new-build flat in London five years ago. But a blocked pipe unleashed a 'tsunami of sewage' from other flats into her flat. The pensioner's hopes of a contented retirement were ruined and she hopes to move. Her daughter Kiki and grandson Nicos took part in the clean-up operation.
Olly Taylor, 27, is offering his version of the Easter Feast at his cafe in Manchester. Breakfast is stuffed with the equivalent of almost 100 teaspoons of sugar or 97 teaspoons. Meal includes two types of cereal served in half an Easter egg, with brownies, marshmallows and mini eggs. It is topped off with three different types of flavoured milk and salted caramel sauce.
Hayleigh Mcbay, 17, pretended to dump her boyfriend David Clarke via WhatsApp. She texted him saying: 'I don't want to be with you any more. I am not happy' But he replied: 'Thank God you said it first so I didn't have to' Hayleigh then uploaded a screenshot of the conversation to Twitter. The tweet has been retweeted more than 12,000 times and favourited over 11,000.
Jack Rivera, a New York trucker, captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the Interstate 35E in Texas last Wednesday. Footage shows the driver of a black SUV, identified as 49-year-old Laura Michelle Mayeaux, coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane. She then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere. As the back end of the 18-wheeler swings out, it pushes a red pickup truck off course. Mayeaux was transported to Baylor
Nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode. The nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the District of Columbia. Team collected nearly three terabytes of dataabout 30 percent of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress. Delphi is using the long journey in the Audi crossover to acquire real-world data.
Bloomberg, 73, is worth $36billion and has significant business interests in London. He was elected to the top Big Apple job three times in a row, and owns a $30million mansion. Bloomberg has said in the past that London is his'second home' He holds U.S. citizenship, but officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible for office. London is due a new mayor in 2016, and Bloomberg could potentially run for another term.
The Wicked Waffle is made from four 7-inch wide waffles, 12 huge scoops of thick ice-cream, four chocolate flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream. The unhealthy dessert contains an astonishing 5,000 calories and is on sale at The Wicked Waffles in North End, Portsmouth, for £25. Customers who can clear their plate within 45 minutes, with no toilet breaks, are awarded the meal for free and a winners' T-shirt.
Disabled cat called Freeman was sitting in its front garden when the two dogs pounced. They dragged the terrified cat on to its neighbour's lawn before tearing into the family pet. Police are investigating after a person, who appears to be a woman, pulls up in a blue car. She appears to call over the dogs before walking off, leaving the cat to die in agony.
Kathleen Blomberg, who lived in a building badly damaged by Thursday's explosion has been reunited with her two traumatized cats, Kitty Cordelia and Sebastian. The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals found the the traumatized animals under her bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out. Seven cats have been missing since Thursday, but today that number thankfully dropped to four. Blomberg had turned to putting up posters and appealing for help on social media after not seeing her beloved cats since last Thursday's gas explosion.
Cheryl Howe, 32, was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) at the age of 12. Suffers from excessive hair growth on her face, breasts, stomach and legs. Spent £2,000 a year on razors and up to three times a day shaving her face. Has been fighting for six years for treatment on the NHS before finally getting approved. Now booked in for the £10,000 treatment in September this year.
Edward Nudel, 41, of Staten Island broke into his relative's home on March 11 and strangled a 2-year-old Pomeranian named Lola 'in an especially depraved and sadistic manner,' police say. Nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and, after strangling the dog, he called the relative and said 'I killed Lola' Police were called and arrived at the home to find him sleeping in his bed with Lola lying motionless on the floor nearby with her tongue out. 'Am I getting arrested for a f***ing dog?' N
High Court threw out rules introduced to stop violent prisoners being transferred out of high-security jails. Policy brought in after fugitive armed robber Michael Wheatley walked out of open jail in May. He went on to commit an armed robbery which was caught on CCTV in Sunbury-on-Thames. Ministry of Justice today announced they would appeal against the ruling.
Dr Joe Hanson has worked out what the human body would look like as a'molecule' The average adult human body contains around 16kg (35lbs) of carbon. It also contains enough hydrogen to fill the volume of a blue whale and the same amount of nitrogen as is found in 400 litres of urine. A 'human molecule' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen, 132 million. atsions of oxygen and 85 million atoms. of carbon.
Remington 'Remi' Walden, four, was killed three years ago when his family's Jeep Grand Cherokee exploded when it was rear-ended. Jurors in Decatur County, Georgia ruled on Thursday that the SUV manufacturer, Chrysler, acted with reckless disregard for human life. Walden was killed when the Jeep driven by his aunt was hit from behind by a pickup truck in March 2012. The fuel tank leaked, engulfing the Jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old.
150 art fans took part in a nude tour of an exhibition at the National Gallery of Australia on Wednesday evening. The tour was led by Melbourne-based artist Stuart Ringholt. Ringholt said the experience creates an 'educational state' for viewing the art. He expects people 'from all walks of life' to join in the tours, and was adamant about offering concessions.
Jason Cotterill, 42, plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet. Sent explicit revenge porn images of his ex-partner to her daughter and set up 67 Facebook profiles to bombard her with abuse. Also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in - and threatened to post it on to her Facebook page. Cotterill knew his victim from childhood and knew she had been involved in making sex tapes, Birmingham Magistrates' Court heard. He was jailed for 12 weeks and banned indefinitely from contacting his victim.
Protests in Melbourne turned violent when anti-Islam and anti-racism groups clashed. Police forced separate Reclaim Australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies. It comes after a Twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-Islam groups has mocked protests. 'Jeremy' began to tweet a number of joke comments shortly after the Sydney protest got underway. Organisers behind the protest were quick to disassociate themselves with the account.
Theresa May said police will have to record Islamophobic attacks as a separate category. It will be treated as seriously as anti-Semitic attacks if Tories win next General Election. The Home Office does not publish national statistics for Islamophobic offences. But in 2013-14, police recorded 44,480 hate crimes, an increase of five per cent.
Melbourne singer Daniel Buccheri composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as Sam Smith and the Backstreet Boys. He toasted his brother Adrian and his new wife Sarah at their March 29 wedding using his voice. The unique speech performed by Daniel at Poet's Lane in Sherbrooke, east of Melbourne, has been viewed over 100,000 times online. Daniel's speech documented his brother falling in love with Sarah, saying he would mention her name in every conversation.
HomeCamp, which launched in January, has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation. One Sydney host, Steve York, listed his Dee Why home, in Sydney's northern beaches, on HomeCamp in February and has since had four bookings. There are currently more than 50 Australian homeowners using the website. HomeCamp was launched in Australia but has been used by homeowners worldwide including New Zealand, France, South Africa, USA, Canada and Sweden.
Kenneth Lombardi, who goes by Ken, was a red carpet regular for CBS New York, interviewing stars from Oprah to Ashton Kutcher and Arnold Schwarzenegger. He says he was forced to quit his job in November and relocate to Los Angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses. The first alleged encounter occurred at a CBS Christmas party in December 2013. Lombardi claims Duane Tollison, a senior producer, grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues. Then, on May 8, 2014, Lombardi asked for career advice from CBS Evening News Director, Albert '
Catherine Nevin was allowed out on day release on Wednesday afternoon. The 62-year-old was permitted to attend an addiction studies course. She was jailed for life in April 2000 for arranging to have her publican husband Tom shot dead. Tom was shot dead in the couple's pub, Jack White's Inn, in Co Wicklow, in March 1996.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage in TV debate. For most people outside Scotland, this will have been their first proper view of Scotlands First Minister. Judy Murray, mother of tennis star Andy, tweeted: GSM Sturgeon (Game, Set and Match) An instant poll by YouGov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer.
Neymar scored twice as Barcelona eased past Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 at the Nou Camp. The Brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman David Luiz as the former Chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in Spain. Luis Suarez was extremely unselfish as the Uruguayan did a lot of running and earned Neymar acres of space and Barcelona were rewarded. Lionel Messi stayed wide on the right for Barcelona and conserved energy.
The Southern Poverty Law Center in February filed a lawsuit against Georgia Department of Corrections officials on behalf of Ashley Diamond, a transgender woman. The lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for Diamond's gender dysphoria, a condition that causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity. Diamond, who's 36, has identified as female since she was a child and began hormone therapy when she was 17.
Olsi Beheluli claimed he appeared on Channel 4 dating show My Little Princess. 24-year-old was a member of a gang selling'significant quantities' of class A drugs. He enjoyed living the 'high life' and gambling with the money he made, police said. Officers seized more than £4million worth of heroin and cocaine from his'stash house' They also found stacks of money, counterfeit identity documents and drug dealing equipment. Beheluli was jailed for 11 years at Blackfriars Crown Court, London, on Wednesday.
National Union of Teachers (NUT) to call for 15-minute play time after lessons. Wants schools to follow Finland which has 45-minute lessons followed by 15 minutes of play. Claims children are not ready for 'formal sitting down' when they are four or five years old. Will say break times are being used for 'coaching and cramming', depriving children of 'right to play'
The collection was created by legendary make-up effects artist Rick Baker. The 417 original items are from more than 50 productions. Some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $40,000. Items from Men In Black, Batman Forever and How The Grinch Stole Christmas will all be sold to the highest bidder.
Labour leader's looks proved a hit with viewers during last night's debate. Viewers took to Twitter to coo adoringly about his'sexy grey tie' and smouldering looks. One fan even likened Miliband to Hansel, a character from Zoolander, tweeting: 'Ed seducing the ladies with his patter. He's so hot right now' Mr Miliband isn't the first politician to find himself on the receiving end of attention based on his looks.
Jayden Wingler of Phoenix, Arizona, was interviewed by Fox News earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs. While on camera, the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions. The youngster was injured at Phoenix's Castles N' Coasters amusement park on March 27. To date, Jayden's on-air appearance has been watched thousands of times.
Australian choreographer Wade Robson claims Jackson was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child. James Safechuck, who says he met Jackson in 1987 when he was eight and was molested a year later, claims in court filings that Jackson held a secret wedding ceremony with him as his bride. Lawyers say the King Of Pop shelled out nearly $200 million to as many as 20 victims. Jordan Chandler lawsuit alone is alleged to have cost more than $40 million.
Carla Zampatti's SS15-16 collection made a splash at Sydney's Opera House today. The designer's collection featured bold Indian Pinks, Buttercup Yellows and Electric Blues against a backdrop of black and white tailored pieces. Stars including Delta Goodrem, Shanina Shaik, Kerri-Anne Kennerley, and Terry Biviano were joined by fashion influencers Kate Waterhouse Margaret Zhang and Tanja Gacic on the front row.
Tyler Kost, who appeared in court on Monday, was arrested last May for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old. The Pinal County Attorney's Office says Kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation. Kost's defense said new evidence taken from Facebook and Instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse. Prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims, but Defense Attorney Michael Alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people.
One of Australia's most loved cooks, Lyndey Milan, has teamed up with Aldi to create Easter lunch recipes. The home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy, fresh produce to turn into an Easter feast. Her results include Greek lamb with salad and zucchini pilaf and herb crusted salmon with pea puree, smashed potatoes and carrots. She says her hot cross bun and Easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline, which came in at $2 per person, will be a crowd-pleaser.
Jamal al-Labani was an Oakland gas station owner. He was in Yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter. Family say he was trying to get his family out of the country and take them to Oakland - but he couldn't because the US has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports. Rebels from the Houthi Islamist group have been battling to take Aden, a last foothold of fighters loyal to Saudi-backed President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi. They have advanced to the city center
Savannah Guthrie and Carson Daly dressed as Danny and Sandy, respectively, from Grease, while Al Roker, Willie Geist and Natalie Morales donned white wigs for their cover of Sia's Chandelier. The two teams were judged by TV star and model Chrissy Teigen, one of the hosts of Spike TV's new series Lip Sync Battle, which premieres tonight.
Gaby Tillero and Greg Ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s Creole home from the Central City neighborhood of New Orleans almost two years ago. The couple then dismantled the home, moved it to the Freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan. To honor the home's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home, they put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room. They now live in the home with their two sons, Santiago and nine-year-old Javier, as well as Tillero's mother.
Prime Minister will set out Conservative case for people keeping more of their own money. He will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes, with less spent on bureaucracy and crackpot Government schemes Middle income households earning around £23,000 a year will benefit the most, and the top ten per cent of earners the least. Treasury analysis shows the changes will benefit 14million working households to the tune of £17 a month. Nearly million pensioner households  more than nine in ten  will benefit by £15 a month. The 10
BBC One's The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop showed the inner workings of the fast food giant. Viewers unleashed a barrage of negative comments on Twitter after last night's episode. Food stylist uses hairdryers and tweezers when preparing the food for an advertisement. KFC has a global turnover of $23billion (£15billion) a year, and a billion of that comes from the UK.
Amateur astronomer Gordon Ewen, 57, took the photograph using a telescope at the bottom of his garden in Letchworth, Hertfordshire. The phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is. They occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce, making a section of the sun stand out from its surroundings. Sun spots range in size, from just 10 miles (16km) to 100,000 miles (160,000km) wide - big enough to be seen without a telescope.
Ile Louët is perched in the midst of Morlaix Bay in Brittany, France. The quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of ¬200 (£145) for two nights. Lighthouse keeper's cottage has a patio area, perfect for enjoying a sunset BBQ overlooking the bay.
Faris Al-Khori, 62, had dozens of chemicals, poisonous materials and bomb-making instructions. Items were found in Edinburgh flats by chance during a fire in a rubbish chute in April last year. Police and army Explosive Ordnance Device (EOD) experts had to be called in to remove materials. He pleaded guilty to a breach of the 1883 Explosive Substances Act and was jailed.
Belfast-born Iain Watters had to leave the show after he binned his baked Alaska. But now he's back with his modern take on traditional fruity Easter fare - a Simnel cake. The egg-based cake has been enjoyed since the Medieval times during Easter. Watters' modern update has pistachios, nutmeg and chopped figs.
Argentina has said it will prosecute oil companies operating off Falklands coast. Officials claim companies are acting 'illegally' in Argentine territory. Comes after Britain struck oil in the Falklands this week in a remote field of the islands. The find could be worth billions of pounds and will increase fears of renewed conflict. It comes on the 33rd anniversary of the conflict, which cost 260 lives.
Fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on Instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas. The highly usual situation was no coincidence, but rather a clever marketing ploy dreamed up by retailer Lord & Taylor to promote its edgy new fashion-forward range. In order to ensure maximum exposure for their new Design Lab collection, the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers and got each to post a photo of them wearing the dress. Many of the posts generated more than 1,000 Likes each,
Authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the March 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile 'boiled to death' at the Garold Wayne Interactive Zoological Park in Oklahoma. The fire was set in the early morning hours that March day and Joe Schreibvogel, the founder of the zoo, said not only did the alleged criminal set the fire, but also stole a large amount of equipment. 'They targeted the studio to shut me up. They wanted to get me off the air,' he said. No one has been arrested or charged in the case.
Rutgers University has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in New Brunswick, New Jersey, for the rest of the spring semester. Last month, a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in November in which a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house. In September, a 19-year-old student, Caitlyn Kovacs, died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party. Under the ban, the university's 86 recognized fraternities and sororities will be allowed to hold spring formals and other events
A new survey by Ripley's Believe It Or Not! has revealed the perfect celebrity family. David Beckham was voted the best dad and Holly Willoughby the best mother figure. Ozzy Osborne and Sharon Osbourne were second choice for mum and dad. Ed Sheeran and Channing Tatum were voted as the best brothers. Helena Bonham Carter was named the best celebrity aunt and David Walliams best uncle.
Poland is set to build watchtowers along the border to Russian exclave Kaliningrad. The towers, costing the Polish government £2.5million, will monitor the border using CCTV. Increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between the two countries. Moscow recently announced plans to place state-of-the-art Iskander missiles in the region.
Vatican medics tell Pope Francis to cut down on pasta intake to two servings a week. They are concerned about his sedentary lifestyle and weight gain since he took office. Pope's weight is thought to be aggravating his sciatica, a nerve condition which causes back pain.
Kim Ki-jong, 55, was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction. South Korean law requires the trial to start within 14 days, and there is a possibility that it could start as early as next week. Mark Lippert, 42, was bleeding from deep wounds to his face and wrist but was able to walk after the attack. Doctors said later his condition was stable after'very successful' surgery that required 80 stitches in his face.
Latoya Tilson, 33, allegedly fired several times into crowd in College Park, Georgia. One bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in buttocks, while another hit her son, Pierre, in head. Pierre, 15, was rushed to hospital with gunshot wound to the back of his head on Saturday. He remained in intensive care for two days, but despite medics' best efforts, he died on Monday. Tilson was arrested on several charges, including aggravated assault and cruelty to children. She is now expected to face upgraded charges following her son's death, police said
Pham Quang Lanh, 28, had metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site. But the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection. Fearing he couldn't afford any further treatment, Mr Lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside. It was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the Hanoi's Viet Duc Hospital.
Motiongate Dubai is set to open in October 2016. It will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions. The Wizarding World of Harry Potter proved theme parks can tap into a large movie fan base. There have been three films in the Hunger Games franchise, grossing $2.3 billion worldwide.
Andy Murray watched Barcelona defeat PSG 2-0 at the Nou Camp. The British No 1 watched the Champions League clash with best man Ross Hutchins. Neymar's first-half brace ensured Barcelona progressed to the semi-finals. Murray is currently in Barcelona as he trains on clay courts with Jonas Bjorkman. Click here for more Barcelona news.
Hugh Roche Kelly was flying from Berlin to Paris on Germanwings flight 4U9525. Pilot left cockpit to give pre-flight speech so fliers could all look him in the eye. Mr Kelly said there was a 'tense vibe' and crew were'more nervous than normal' He praised the pilot's efforts, saying: 'So, well done that man' Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz deliberately crashed plane into Alps, killing 150.
Molly Wood, 74, died after being run over by her sister's car in Tesco car park. The burgundy Kia Venga had its engine running and 'lurched forward' Mrs Wood was trapped under the wheels and died at the scene in Pontefract. Her sister, 70, who was about to buy a pay and display ticket, was injured. West Yorkshire Coroner David Hinchliff recorded a verdict of accidental death.
Made In Chelsea star Andy Jordan has launched clothing range Jam Industries. Says he wants to inspire people to get out of the city and get wet at the coast. Andy, an avid surfer, stars in campaign shot on West Wittering Beach, Devon. He also co-owns a surf school in Devon, where he is an instructor.
Bayern Munich defeated Porto 6-3 on the night in their Champions League last-16 first leg tie at the Allianz Arena. Thiago Alcantara, Jerome Boateng, Robert Lewandowski, Thomas Muller and Xabi Alonso scored for the German giants. Porto's Marcano was sent off in the 73rd minute for a second bookable offence. Bayern have now scored 115 goals in all competitions so far this season and are on course to win the treble. Pep Guardiola's side have reached the last four of the Champions League, the semi-final
Louis Jordan, 37, was rescued 200 miles off the North Carolina coast. He said he survived by eating fish caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean, and by catching rainwater in a bucket. But doubters have questioned how Jordan  who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder  seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal. Rebutting his critics for the first time yesterday, he said: God knows I am a truthful man
Gary Kroeger said he will run in the 2016 Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st District. The 57-year-old Iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies, such as investing in education and protecting the environment. Kroeger appeared on Saturday Night Live from 1982 through 1985, perhaps best known for portraying Donny Osmond in a sketch with Julia Louis-Dreyfus. He moved back to Iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons.
Sokaze-ki Q fan uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch (25cm) device, move it through specially designed channels before blasting it from the front via a turbofan. Air is drawn into the 'Q' using small inlets on the rear and are driven by the so-called impellers, or bladed fins. This airflow pulls in additional air using the large round air inlets plotted around the Q, and all of this is released through the main outlet. Alternatively, the Q has a '1/f fluctuation' function
Department of Public Safety trooper Billy Spears posed with Snoop at South by Southwest. He was told he has 'deficiencies indicating need for counseling' Spears' bosses called Snoop a figure who has a 'criminal background including numerous drug charges' Snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993.
Jamie Carragher believes John Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League. Chelsea captain led Blues to a 0-0 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday. Carragher claims Terry has been almost as influential as Eden Hazard. Jose Mourinho hailed Terry's performance against Arsenal as the 'best' he has ever seen.
Al-Qaeda stormed Hadramawt provincial prison and freed more than 300 inmates. Two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes, an official said. The advance by Iran-backed rebels into Aden came despite a week of Saudi-led air strikes. At least 44 people, including 18 civilians, reported dead in fierce fighting in Aden.
Rachel Jaajaa, 22, and Aaron Tate, 29, have been charged with child endangering. Their three-month-old daughter was found on Friday night at a McDonald's in Elyria, Ohio, when a patron called 911 after seeing the baby was left alone. Police found the parents arguing in front of a Burger King. Jaajaa refused to take the baby because it was the father's 'turn to have the baby' and she had plans.
Stuart, 33, claimed he picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust pipe. Claim was made by ex-girlfriend Sophie who was shocked to discover she also had STD. Stuart burst onto stage on Jeremy Kyle Show to deny ever using the excuse. Host unearths string of lies including that he had run off with son for five weeks.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, and Army Spc Caleb Barnes, 20, have been charged with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the death of her mother, 54-year-old Cheryl Silvonk. Cheryl was stabbed several times in the neck inside her car after driving her daughter and Barnes from a concert. Barnes was on leave from Fort Meade in Maryland at the time of the slaying, and he confessed to stabbing her multiple times while they were in her car, police said. The girl's attorney said she was under Barnes' control, given the age disparity.
Jayla Currie, from Berne, Indiana, is a part of the Wee Ones Nursery program at the Indiana Womens Prison, which allows incarcerated mothers to share rooms with their babies. The 23-year-old is serving a 10-month sentence for meth manufacturing and possession. She gave birth to Jayden in a single room with just a doctor and a female officer. Jayla plans on moving in with her mom when she is released in October.
Queretaro beat Club America 4-0 in the Liga MX. Ronaldinho came on as a substitute but scored twice in the second half. Tigres Monterrey moved up to fourth in the Clausura with a 3-0 win. Christian Suarez struck just before half-time as Atlas edged to a 1-0 victory at Puebla.
Knox and then boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder. They were freed on appeal in 2011 and Knox returned to the US where she rebuilt her life. Then last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding them guilty again. In a shocking twist Italys highest court last week conclusively cleared the former couple. A third man Rudy Guede is serving a 16 year sentence for the murder.
TripAdvisor's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world. Eastern Europe boasts six of the world's 10 best value destinations. London proved to be the third priciest destination in the world, after New York and Zurich.
James Weld has paid £15,000 to restore steps to Durdle Door beach in Dorset. The steps were washed away in storms in 2012 and have not been replaced. Mr Weld says Natural England'shirked' its duty to reinstate the steps for three years. Government body had been given responsibility for country's coastal paths. Natural England says they are happy the steps have been reopened but declined to comment on Mr Weld's claims.
Jasmine Midgley was born with a birthmark that her parents were told was nothing to worry about. But within weeks it had grown into her throat, almost closing over her airways. Doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper. If they grow and are left untreated, they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties. Now four months old, Jasmine is thriving after being treated with medication.
Chancellor said he wanted a 1980s-style property'revolution' after years of declining home ownership. He pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes. Since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and Mr Osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years.
Two adjoining 'his and hers' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned Sandbanks peninsula for £13million. The beachfront homes are virtually identical in every way, boasting an indoor swimming pool, four storeys and stunning sea views. But the prospective buyers might have to flip a coin to see who gets which one - because one of the homes comes with an extra en-suite bedroom. La Plage and la Baie - translated as the beach and the bay - are the latest in the so-called Millionaires' Row in Poole, Dorset.
Eva Pusztai-Fahidi, 89, lost 49 family members in the Holocaust. She said seeing former SS officer Oskar Groening in court is 'a kind of satisfaction' Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. He faces a possible three to 15 years in jail if convicted. His co-plaintiffs said Mrs Kor should not have taken part in the trial.
Cara Newton, 32, was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in 2009. She had to undergo gruelling rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility. Some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs. This means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause. Mrs Newton and her husband, Chris, 34, tried IVF using a donor egg but when that failed, they feared the worst. But 10 months later they were astounded to discover Mrs Newton had become pregnant naturally
Around 100,000 pupils a year do not pass the English and maths tests before they leave primary school. David Cameron will today announce that all children who fail tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school, when they are 12. The Prime Minister said these children will be given extra help and support to ensure they do not fall behind.
Neil Bantleman, who also holds British nationality, was jailed for ten years today. He was found guilty of sexually abusing three boys at Jakarta Intercultural School. Sentence sparked outrage from his supporters, including the school itself and the international community. Also standing trial for abusing the children is Indonesian teaching assistant Ferdinand Tjiong. Both men, who have strongly denied committing abuse, received backing from the school, parents, and the international community. Supporters have said the case is deeply flawed and motivated by a bid by one alleged victim's family to get compensation from school.
Martyn Reuby won the first round in his legal battle against Unite. A tribunal ruled that he had been employed to teach its courses. Unite has led the campaign against the use of zero-hours contracts. It is also a blow to Ed Miliband, who has received more than £13million from Unite since becoming leader in 2010. Labours biggest backer was accused of employing workers on zero hours contracts;. Some 68 Labour MPs have used the contracts in the past two years, including Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls, shadow health secretary Andy Burnham, and Mr Miliband
The April lunar eclipse will take place on Easter Saturday at 9.15pm in Sydney's north-eastern sky. The Bureau of Meteorology says the forecast for Easter Saturday isn't looking very promising across Australia. Adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse is set to begin at 8.45pm. Cairns, Hobart and Melbourne will most likely see patchy cloud conditions while 'Sydney and Brisbane are the least likely to see it'
John McCallum, 27, was sentenced to 20 - 45 years in jail for second-degree murder. He broadsided Francesca Weatherhead, 25, while fleeing police following a botched burglary. The crash flipped her car and killed her in Redford, Detroit, on October 6 last year. She had only months before married college sweetheart Matthew Weatherhead. Her death caused outrage when it was revealed he had been paroled five months earlier. McCallum said he thought of what happened every day from inside his jail cell.
Ellen Brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her SUV on the tracks at a railroad crossing in Valhalla, New York, in February. Her three daughters, Danielle, Julia and Alexa Brody, have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks. 'I know who my mom was,' Alexa said. 'I know that she would never, never intentionally hurt people.' 'A lot of times people just want to find a reason,' Danielle added. 'It's just not true'
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of Garnett-Paul Spears at a suburban New York hospital. Prosecutors said Spears loaded the hospitalized boy's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging. The New York judge who sentenced Spears on Wednesday said she suffers from a mental illness and said the crime was still 'unfathomable in its cruelty'
Hannah Campbell suffered horrific injuries when mortar bomb hit building in Basra in 2007. She was blinded in one eye, her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered. Two years after the blast she elected to have her leg amputated as unbearable pain left her housebound. Doctors told her she would never conceive again but she gave birth to Lexi-River last year. But ten days after the birth she suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital. Six months later she developed a larger ulcer, which perforated, leaving her in intensive care.
If anyone won this debate it was the women, says Judi James. Their less choreographed style of body language gave the impression we were listening to real messages from real people rather than watching spin doctors puppets performing. In his après-Paxman mode, David Cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma. Unlike Ed he appears fully formed rather than a body language work in progress. Farage was diminished during this debate, perhaps the only casualty of the night.
Nicola Sturgeon hailed the shock winner of last nights TV debate. Poll inflicting a damaging blow to Ed Miliband's election hopes. Overall, an average of four polls of viewers put Mr Cameron just ahead. ComRes put him on 40 per cent as the best prime minister, with Mr Miliband on 28 per cent and Mr Farage just 10 per cent. Tories rushed out a poster depicting Ed Miliband in Nicola Sturgeon's pocket  saying the SNP leader had 'dominated' him in the debate.
61 per cent of US adults have admitted that they don't invite friends and family over because of their 'home shame' General mess, dated carpets and kitchens, unfinished DIY projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments. Martha Stewart and the Obamas' homes are the celebrity homes people most envy.
Aidan, 31, has admitted to using baby oil to keep his rippling torso looking divine. Also said he 'definitely' used eyeliner to enhance his seductive looks in Poldark. But where has his chest hair gone in favour of a less hirsute look? Viewers have taken to Twitter to express their outrage at the thought.
Unispectral Technologies and Tel Aviv University, who are behind the system, say it works by analysing a materials 'hyperspectral signature', which is its unique chemical fingerprint. A Tricorder is a scanning device used by Starfleet personnel in the Star Trek universe. The technology could help a range of industries such as food and drink, healthcare and the defence sector, the researchers claim.
Josh Mason, who is standing in Lib Dem-held Redcar, said the Deputy Prime Minister was 'not the most popular' He said a visit from the party leader to the seat would not 'do us any favours' But after Lib Dem HQ heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing U-turn. Mr Mason said he was now in 'no doubt' Mr Clegg would be 'well received'
Robert Dellinger, 54, drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming SUV in December 2013, killing Amanda Murphy, 24, and Jason Timmons, 29, and their unborn baby. Prosecutors previously said that Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself. Dellinger pleaded guilty in February to negligent homicide in the deaths of the young couple and one count of assault for the fetus' death. He faces 12 to 24 years in prison when sentencing resumes Thursday.
Prince Harry will deploy to Australia next week for a four-week secondment. He will spend time in Canberra, Sydney, Darwin and Perth. Will take part in urban training exercises, regional bush patrols and joint fire exercises. Harry will also spend time meeting the local Aboriginal population. Last visited Australia in 2013 when he took part in the Fleet Review.
Purvi Patel, 33, was jailed for 20 years for feticide and neglect of a dependent. She took abortion drugs she bought on the internet to cause a miscarriage. Ms Patel told medics that she gave birth to a stillborn baby and threw the body in a dumpster. A forensic pathologist found the baby was 12.2 inches long and weighed 1.46 pounds. Her lawyer Jeff Sanford said his client was planning to appeal the case.
Porn film was filmed on board the Epping Ongar historic railway in south-west Essex. A woman, dressed as a school girl, has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage. Locals shocked to learn the location had been rented out to American company Brazzers. Epping Ognar Railway has apologised for allowing the railway to be used as a backdrop.
Dunkin Donuts unveiled a new spring menu earlier this week, prompting a flurry of excitement from the food chain's biggest fans. The menu also features two new flavors of the chain's Cheesecake Square Donuts, which each contain upwards of 340 calories. A 640-calorie Pretzel Roll Chicken Sandwich contains 68 per cent of your recommended daily intake of salt. Another new option is the Southwest Supreme Bagel, which is stuffed with cheese, corn, black beans, peppers, tomatoes and spices.
Mediterranean-DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains, salad, berries, nuts, beans, olive oil, poultry and fish. Red meats, butter and margarine, cheese, pastries and sweets, and fried or fast food are unhealthy foods. Dieters must limit eating the designated unhealthy foods, eating less than one tablespoon of butter a day and eating cheese, fried and fast food to less than once a week. Berries are the only fruit specifically to make the MIND diet.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 at the Vicente Calderon on Tuesday. Marcelo and Mario Suarez were both booked and will miss the second leg. Both players were unhappy with the performance of referee Milorad Mazic. Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti said the referee 'had a good game' Dani Carvajal could be suspended for punching Mario Mandzukic in the ribs.
Emma Jackson, 28, moved into quiet cul-de-sac in Hull just over a year ago. Within a week of moving in, Mark Ray, 56, began to turn up at all hours of the day. When she asked him to turn the volume down, she was met with a barrage of abuse. Mr Ray then began to stalk Ms Jackson and threw a 3ft wooden pole at her door. He even turned up at her workplace and threatened to kill her step-mother and father.
Lauren Bacall, one of Hollywood's most famous actresses of the golden age, died in August aged 89 in her Manhattan home, which is now on the market for $26 million. Bacall's personal mementos went up for auction earlier this week at Bonhams New York and every single one of them found a buyer. Among the most valuable items were a hand-colored etching by naturalist John James Audubon American White Pelican, which fetched an impressive $173,000. Other items included Humphrey Bogart's black granite games table and silver candel
Lorraine Cobourn cannot even handle bananas after being hit by a yellow taxi last year. The 51-year-old was struck by one of Derby's distinctive yellow Hackney Carriages in city centre. She suffered a broken hip and had to leave her job as a Barclays bank clerk. Has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received - including a terrible fear of anything yellow. Taxi driver pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention and was fined.
High school students in China's Jilin province are forced to leave school grounds to eat. Teachers have banned students from bringing food onto the premises. They have even erected barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling. Pictures of large groups of students eating on the kerb have gone viral on Wechat.
The documents requested include details relating to a contract with Paul Ceglia during an 18-month stretch beginning in 2003. Ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet. His father told a court they believe Facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him. The judge said he would not allow a trial to proceed unjustly.
Jasper and Jasmine were surrendered to Pug Rescue and Adoption Victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems. They were morbidly obese, struggling to breathe, and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis, where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas. After six months of rehabilitation, in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored, they were found a loving new home. Both dogs managed to find a loving home with Alison and Matt Rowe. The couple describe their new pets as inseparable and decided that their relationship was like that of a boyfriend and
Rotherham charged with fielding an ineligible player against Brighton. On-loan defender Farrend Rawson played 90 minutes in the 1-0 win. Manager Steve Evans claimed after the game that the Derby man's youth loan had been extended until the end of the season. But Rawson was not involved in Rotherham's 2-0 defeat at Middlesbrough.
Andy McIlvaine, 33, was on a flight from Baltimore to Maine to propose to his girlfriend Kelley Mulfinger, 30, when he was approached by a group of Southwest employees. They gave him a $100 voucher and threw a wedding shower at Baltimore-Washington International Airport. The party included 500 roses, champagne, and signs.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the deal would pave the way for Tehran to build a bomb. He said it would 'increase Irans aggression and terror throughout the Middle East and beyond' President Barack Obama hailed the agreement as a 'historic understanding' But critics including Saudi Arabia and Republicans say the deal leaves scope for Iran to cheat.
Callie Thorpe was listed on the letter supporting Mr Miliband as a receptionist. But she describes herself as a 'plus size style and lifestyle blogger, fan of lipsticks, food, travel and self love' Despite being paraded as a prominent backer of Mr Miliband during debate, she instead tweeted praise for Green Party leader Natalie Bennett. Labour removed the name of one of the signatories after she was exposed as Nigerian woman convicted of a £27,000 benefit fraud.
A 50-year-old man has been charged with murder and four counts of attempted murder. Police allege he rammed his car into the home at Delaneys Creek, north-west of Brisbane, about 7.30pm on Monday. Five people, including a woman believed to be the man's ex-partner, were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it. A terrifying scene then unfolded, with the driver of the car allegedly climbing out of the smashed vehicle and stabbing a man to death.
Former national security chief Zhou Yongkang is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets. He is likely to be found guilty, and could be executed if found guilty. The all-powerful Chinese Communist Party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing. Zhou is charged with 'huge' bribe-taking, abuse of power and intentionally leaking secrets.
Kathryn Beale, 41, is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers. She whizzes it into smoothies, or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits. Swindon Council is claiming that her services pose a danger to the mothers she is trying to help, and are taking her to court.
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie got into a heated debate with a teacher at a town hall meeting Tuesday night. Kathy Mooney, a high school English teacher from Roselle Park, questioned Christie's motivations behind a $225million legal settlement with oil company ExxonMobil. The state originally wanted $8.9billion from the oil company, and Mooney says that would have had a huge impact on pensions for public employees. 'He's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events,' Steve Wollmer of the NJ Education Association said.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES. Kadeem Brown, 25, was killed when a taxi jumped a curb and hit him. The driver, 44-year-old Emilo Garcia, has since had his TLC license taken away. Tierre Clarke, 5, was waiting at a bus stop with her mother when she was hit. A man, 55, and Tierre's mother were also injured.
Ahmed al-Karim, head of Salahuddin provincial council, said fighters had burnt 'hundreds of houses' in the last two days. It comes as Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered Iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of Tikrit and arrest those responsible. Militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes, shops and other buildings, officials added.
More than 7million front lawns in Britain have now been paved over. The Royal Horticultural Society is calling on people to plant trees, shrubs, climbers, hedges or flowers to turn the UK green again. A survey of 2,000 people by the organisation found that 95 per cent thought being in a beautiful garden lifted their mood.
NSW police have been left stunned after coming across a car covered in chili peppers. The incident occurred on Bridge St in Hornsby on the Upper North Shore of Sydney. NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command shared the bizarre image on their Facebook page. It is unclear is this was an action taken by the highway patrol team or done on purpose by the car owner.
Charles Kane, a married middle school music teacher with two young daughters, was arrested Thursday as he tried to meet a 14-year-old girl for sex. Kane, 46, of Spencerport, New York posted an ad on Craigslist seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship. An undercover cop posed as the girl and began communicating with him for months before arranging a meeting at a local movie theater. He was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover cop.
Angela Collins and Margaret Elizabeth Hanson used Xytex Corp to start a family in 2006. They were told their donor had an IQ of 160, bachelor's degree in neuroscience and was working on his PhD in neuroscience engineering. He was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker. But in June 2014 they discovered his name was James Christian Aggeles, according to the suit. Through their own research they found he had dropped out of college and had been arrested for burglary, and that his pictures had been doctored to remove a large mole from his cheek.
Mohammad Liaqat racially abused teachers at Mount Carmel Roman Catholic High School. 34-year-old launched 'racist tirade' after Muslim students were told they could not grow beards. He hurled insults at white teachers in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children. Liaqat then moved on to another school, where he assaulted headteacher. Found guilty of assault and five counts of racially or religiously aggravated behaviour. Will be sentenced in June after being remanded in custody at Burnley Crown Court.
Jesse Roepcke, 27, from Summerfield, Florida, was arrested Sunday for pointing a laser at passing cars in Ormond Beach. Police say he was riding around with his fiancee Brandie Tate, 28, who warned him not to shine the laser in people's faces. As he was being strip-searched, an 18-gram bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum.
Scientists and engineers from the Georgia Institute of Technology assembled the unmanned, underwater vehicle on Antarctica. Video captured by Icefin shows eerie footage of an active seafloor 500 meters under the Ross Ice Shelf. Will help understand how Antarctica's ice shelves are changing under warming conditions, and to understand how organisms thrive in cold and light-free environments.
Kayla Mooney, who is in her first year teaching science at Danbury High School in Connecticut, turned herself into police on Tuesday. She was accused of engaging in sexual activity with the boy while off campus late last year. The school's administration contacted police in February with the allegations and the Special Victims Unit launched a seven-week investigation. Following the accusations, Mooney was also put on paid administrative leave.
Lunar event - where Earth's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes, making it the shortest eclipse of the century, NASA said. The so-called 'blood moon' could be seen by billions of people across the western U.S., Canada and Australia. It is the third in a series of four blood moons, with the final one expected on September 28. Unlike solar eclipses which require eye protection, you only need clear skies to view a lunar eclipse.
Foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five, figures show. Senior doctors say number will rise further as NHS is short of homegrown medics. Royal College of GPs estimates NHS will need 8,000 more doctors over next five years. NHS employs 40,584 GPs, of whom 8,941 are from overseas, up from 6,921 in 2004.
HIV specialists and network security experts at University College London (UCL) made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads. They built a model for this 'hybrid spreading' which accurately predicted patients' progression from HIV to AIDS in a major clinical trial. Model was inspired by similarities between HIV and computer worms such as the highly damaging 'Conficker' worm, first detected in 2008, which has infected military and police computer networks.
Workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises last year. For workers aged 50 to 64, pay rises plunge to a meagre 1.2 per cent. In 2009, Britains youngest workers received pay rises three times greater than older workers, but this has now widened to nine times greater. Critics said employers were cynically taking advantage of older workers.
Jan Hansen's chocolate creation took him three days to make using 352lbs (160kg) of chocolate. The creation had to be completed using a step ladder and is the equivalent of 1,600 chocolate bars. Mr Hansen hopes to raise £1,000 from the sale of the egg for St Barnabas Hospice. He lost his brother Cullum two years ago after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
Daniel DeMarco, 28, of Lodi, New Jersey, was arrested in an Elmwood Park car lot at 2.45pm on Friday for possession of one bag of crack cocaine, a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia. He was also charged with being under the influence of a controlled dangerous substance and DWI. New Milford Police confirmed that DeMarco was still employed by the force but did not say if he would face suspension.
Travellers have left behind more than $2.7 million in quarters and dimes over the past five years. Last year the TSA were allowed to keep $675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers. According to federal law, if no one comes back to claim the money it stays with the TSA. The agency is then free to spend anything they feel will improve the civil aviation security.
Referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between South Sydney and Canterbury ended in controversy. Sideline interchange official Darren Alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands. Canterbury chief executive Raelene Castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans involved in the attack. Two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident.
Youtube user Joe Penna solved a whopping 1, 1,296 Rubik's Cubes a total of 961 times. He was assisted by animator Jeff Schweikart and three other people during the project. The animated video features a robot building a spaceship, heading off into the atmosphere and finding love. A squeaky backing track that would be out of place in a game of Pac-Man is featured throughout the one minute and 25 second clip.
Photographer Scott Gable, 39, spent four months travelling across south east Asia documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food. He visited China, Thailand, Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia as part of his Rice Project to capture every stage of production. Rice accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in Asia. According to the UN, farmers need at least 2,000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice.
80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children. But they say Labour and some senior Lib Dems appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls. Letter signed by heads of good and outstanding autonomous schools was backed by David Cameron. Heads expressed alarm at comments by Ed Miliband that Labour would reimpose a proper local authority framework for all schools'
Colin Mcinerney, 28, claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man, two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on Friday night. The man's 22-year-old girlfriend, Rachael Sheppard, said he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in Darwin. Police were called to the McDonalds about 7.15pm following reports of a 'violent disturbance'
Mike Holpin, 56, keeps track of his offspring with a family tree tattoo on his back. Recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care. Former friends say he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women. TaxPayers' Alliance: 'It is the lack of shame that really sticks in the throat'
Pat Ingles, 69, from Edinburgh, lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer. Now she's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left. She admits on OAPs Behaving Badly: 'I really enjoy myself, I party hard' The retired hairdresser loves to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking.
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate. Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France, the vast majority women and teenage girls. In March, MPs in France rejected a proposal that would have seen ultra-slim models banned from the fashion runways.
Toni Elliot, 53, thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at Puckett's Boat House in Franklin, Tennessee, on Thursday. When she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand. Instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery, Elliot remained calm and even posed for photos with her treasure afterwards.
Small businesses will struggle to open over the Easter long weekend due to the cost of penalty rates on public holidays. Many operators across the country will face penalty rates of up to two-and-a-half times regular pay. The Australian Chamber of Commerce has launched a campaign in a bid for small businesses to voice their concerns and call on the federal government to make changes to the penalty rates. Penalty rates will come into force from Good Friday to Easter Monday in retail, restaurant, hotel, pharmacy, fast food, dry cleaning, amusements and hair and beauty sectors.
Fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act with plenty of shops now offering their own make-up ranges as well as clothing. From Marks and Spencer to Primark, they're all at it, flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings. But are any of them worth splashing your cash on? Claire Coleman put some of the biggest fashion beauty brands to the test.
Harold Ekeh, 18, has been accepted to all 13 Ivy League colleges. He moved from Nigeria to Long Island, New York, with his parents 10 years ago. Says his parents' struggle to fit in inspired him to work hard to achieve. 'I just worked hard and took every opportunity that was afforded to me,' he says. Plans to be a neurosurgeon to study Alzheimer's, a disease his grandmother suffers from.
The 216 prisoners, including 40 children, believed they were being led to their execution, but instead, were piled onto minibuses. The Yazidis, made up of women, children and the elderly, are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect. No reason was given for the release of the prisoners, which took place in Himera just southwest of Kirkuk, 180 miles north of Baghdad. One elderly woman said she had been captured by the insurgents last August when they overpowered Kurdish forces in Sinjar area.
Orana Wildlife Park in New Zealand's Christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions in an open habitat. During 'The Lion Encounrter', spectators are mere centimetres away from the huge animal, sitting inside their lair to see every whisker, tooth and hair. 20 people, including visitors and zoo keepers, climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage.
Personal injury claims company Direct Assist has collapsed after being fined £80,000 by the privacy watchdog. The Information Commissioner's Office and Telephone Preference Service registered 801 concerns about the company between January 2013 and July last year. Every complaint came from someone who was registered with the TPS and who had not given permission for the company to call them. One elderly and deaf complainant said the callers left them in fear of answering the phone that they relied on to maintain contact with family.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed. David Messerschmitt, 30, was found stabbed to death in his hotel room on February 10. Messerchmitt texted his wife Kim Vuong at 7.45pm on February 9 to say he would be home in an hour but never showed up at their Capitol Hill home. Police had released surveillance video of a 'person of interest' who was seen entering the Donovan Hotel shortly after the murder. Sources said the woman in the video is Gallmon and that she went to the hotel that
The Boston RunBase is scheduled to open April 16. It will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the Charles River, and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street. RunBase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line, and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race.
Fitness guru Ashy Bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites. The 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on YouTube. She said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was 'better qualified' to give advice. It comes as Ms Bines also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child, with one saying they hoped her baby would be born with a disability.
UN's International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) found'significant safety concerns' with the country's aviation safety. China, South Korea and Japan have all banned new charter flights of Thai carriers. Thai Airways is the only Thai airline that regularly operates in Australia. CASA has increased the number of ramp inspections of Thai Airways flights.
Eighth grade student at Tidwell Middle School, Texas, started a blog in August last year. It called 'Killing Children' with the tag line: 'This is a continuous story about me murdering people I hate' There were 11 chapters published online up until January this year, with names like 'Massacre' and 'Blood, Blood, And More Blood' Some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog, with one section reading: 'He tries to hold in a scream, but it escapes him when I drive the scissors down his body' The children who were
Calcium formations on Altamura Man - a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 - suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Researchers have, up until now, held off from excavating the remains as they believed it would cause irreparable to the skeleton. An earlier study of the head and part of a shoulder of suggested the skeleton belong to a Neanderthal. It is believed Altamura Man was left in such a peculiar spot after falling in a well and getting stuck. Now researchers plan to sequence his DNA to see if they can reveal new details about
Location in Ceredigion, Powys and Pembrokeshire being used to radicalise Muslims. Those involved 'take part in seemingly ordinary activities' but have 'ulterior motive' Incidents of Islamic extremist activity in Wales can be traced back to 1998. Hate preacher Abu Hamza sent group of 10 extremists to train in Brecon Beacons. Michael Adebowale studied Arabic at Institute of Human Sciences in Wales.
Donna Hussey, 32, has received 'hurtful messages' on Facebook over son's death. Three-year-old Freddie Hussey was crushed to death by runaway trailer in January last year. Trailer mounted pavement and crushed toddler against a wall in Bedminster, Bristol. Tony Davies, 38, was spared jail after admitting causing death by careless driving. Freddie's parents have slammed Davies' six-month driving ban and 200 hours of community service as a 'joke' They have set up a petition calling for tougher safety rules for towing equipment.
Photographer Victor Albert Prout travelled along the River Thames in a makeshift dark room on his boat, developing negatives on the spot. The images capture iconic landmarks such as the Houses of Parliament, Windsor Castle, Hampton Court and Iffley Mill. Most of the images are recognisable today despite being more than 150 years old. Prout was commissioned to take the photos for his book of panoramic pictures of the Thames, The Book of Thames: From Its Rise to Its Fall, published in 1862. Only a handful of copies of the photographs are known to exist, with most in specialist collections
Ukip figures insist the party would carry on if Nigel Farage failed to become an MP. Diane James, an MEP, said Ukip was 'not at all' a one-man band. She named Patrick O'Flynn, Douglas Carswell and Suzanne Evans as potential future leaders. Farage has vowed he would stand down if he fails to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in Thanet South.
Ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects. It is the only plant species so far thats known to behave in this way. Researchers from Stockholm University noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research. They were baffled as to why the orbs were not there, but after abandoning their field work to get some dinner, noticed that there was no moon.
Joseph Getty, 26, had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped. He pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received a 20-month ban as well as a fine of £1,000. His conviction came just a day after his relative Andrew Getty was found dead at his Hollywood home. The super-rich family has been touched by tragedy, most recently when Andrew Getty died after years of hard partying.
Bryan Santana of Orlando, Florida has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate Shelby Fazio. He is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly attacking their third roommate with a knife and killing her dog, and using its blood to write messages on the wall. Santana was described by prosecutors as 'delighting' in the pain he allegedly caused the young woman. Fazio, 23, had moved in with the young man to begin a job at Disney World.
John Noble, 53, shot himself in the head at the M Resort in Las Vegas on Easter Sunday. He sent a 270 page letter to the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Monday explaining why he shot himself. Said he was upset because he had lost his lifetime free buffet pass for harassing female employees. Included in the package was a two hour DVD in which a clearly upset Noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled 'The Curse' wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino. On Easter Sunday, just hours before he took his own life, Noble uploaded a furious
Bangladeshi migrant workers were surrounded by officers who charged at them, hitting out with batons, before dragging the screaming women away. As many as 1,800 workers at the Compagnie Mauricienne de Textile (CMT) factory went on strike last week. Now 69 of the women have been deported to Bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs. Whistles and Topshop announced investigations, while Next cancelled its orders from the factory.
Peter Thurston, 80, built the unusual vessel to take his mind off his recent divorce. He says his small yachts were too cramped and he couldn't afford a bigger vessel. The catamavan has an oven, fridge freezer, shower, toilet, double bed and two tables. Hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls so it won't sink even if it gets a hole.
New EU accounting rules are being brought in which change the way national income is measured. New total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running. Means that Gross National Income will rise - pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target. One aid expert said it could mean an increase of £500million in aid in 2016 and 2017.
Julian Assange's father John Shipton has sold his quirky Newtown home for $1.42 million. The quirky two-bedroom home was first put on the market for at least $1.1 million, but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-March. However the founder of the Wikileaks Party, whose son is still seeking refuge in Londons Ecuadorean embassy, managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price. Tucked away in the corner of Newtown's peaceful Kent Street, the vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-tro
Physicists have argued for nearly 40 years that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained. Now, one scientist says this may not be true, and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within. The research marks a significant step toward solving the 'information loss paradox,' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years.
University of Sydney is running a 17-week bridging diploma for Year 11 students at the elite Sydney school Scot's College. The program allows students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate. It has stirred fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to 'buy' their sons entry to the sandstone university. Eight Scot's students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal Dr Ian Lambert.
The Large Hadron Collider was shut down for two years for a £100million upgrade. It is the world's largest atom-smashing machine and consists of nearly 17 miles of circular tunnels. LHC is most famous for proving the existence of the Higgs boson in 2013. But scientists now hope it will unlock even more fundamental secrets of the universe. They are aiming to see dark matter for the first time ever thanks to the upgrade.
Drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting Avastin treatment for sight loss. BMJ says drug company has 'bullied' experts who have tried to prove cancer drug works. Avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration as Lucentis. But it costs £70 per treatment compared with £740 for an injection of Lucenti. It is estimated widespread use of the drug would save NHS around £102million a year.
Dramatic pictures show moment Audi deliberately crashed into bus as part of £1m 'crash for cash' scam. The elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of First Group buses. Passengers on the bus, who were mainly friends and relatives complicit in the scam, could falsely claim from insurers. Crashes took place between October 2010 and January 2012 and earned ringleader John Smith, 45, £159,000. He was convicted yesterday at Manchester Crown Court of fraud and conspiracy to commit fraud. Nine other defendants, who police said played a major role in organising
Labor senator Penny Wong and her partner Sophie Allouache have announced the arrival of their second child. The South Australian senator's partner gave birth to baby Hannah in Adelaide on Good Friday. Ms Wong shared the news with her 100,000 Twitter followers on Tuesday morning. It is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter Alexandra in 2011.
HMS Talent suffered £500,000 damage in a collision while tracking Russian vessels. The 5,300-ton submarine limped back to port with a huge dent and will be out of action for several months. Royal Navy top brass are investigating the incident, which happened last year. Defence officials refused to disclose exact details of the crash - including when it happened. But they were adamant that HMS Talent struck 'floating ice' rather than a Russian sub.
Etienne Gould Nunan was born at Melbourne's Monash Hospital in July last year. He was born premature, after just 26 weeks in the womb, and weighed only 558 grams. His parents, Carman Gould and Jonathan Nunan, praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing. A touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby was allowed to touch his mother for the first time, 10 days after his birth. Mr Nunan and Ms Gould have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the Australian Red Cross
The Beckhams have submitted plans for a lower-groundfloor 'cinema room' in their home. Planning application submitted for 1860s home in London's Holland Park shows drawings for a 300sq ft room. George Clooney, who recently purchased £10m manor house, is also building a home cinema. Pop star Robbie Williams lives in 46-room house that was previously owned by late director Michael Winner.
Winchester Council said its clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new Health and Safety Executive rules. HSE denied tightening rules and said councils were 'over-interpreting' legislation. Former Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion accused town hall bosses and Highways Agency of ruining countryside by failing to remove rubbish.
Julian Lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff in the Cairngorms, Scotland, without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below. The 42-year-old, who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years, is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit. He said: 'Once you're up there life's problems just seem to evaporate. It's quite complex, yet so simple'
London Ambulance Service has just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from Sydney and Melbourne. They were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies, a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours. Each trip to Australia costs the ambulance service £90,000 in flights and hotel bills, but they return having hired on average 200 paramedics. Many paramedics are choosing to take up posts as advanced practitioners in A&E, GP surgeries and call centres for the 111 helpline where the work is less stressful and they can earn more
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon demanded the retirement age be frozen. Raising retirement age is unfair on Scottish pensioners because they die younger. She said the flat rate pension should increase to at least £160 a week. It is currently £113 and Scotland has among the lowest life expectancies in UK.
Netanyahu spoke to President Barack Obama on the phone just hours after the agreement was signed on Thursday. He said in a televised statement: 'Such a deal would not block Iran's path to the bomb. It would pave it' Preliminary agreement set out a framework where Iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for Western powers dropping stringent economic sanctions. It prompted Netanyahu to urge more pressure to be placed on Iran by Western powers until a better deal is reached.
Detective Patrick Cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked Hyundai without signalling when the Uber driver honked his horn. He pulled over the cab and launched a tirade, questioning the driver's command of the English language as well as his driving ability. The three-minute video was viewed more than three million times on YouTube. Cherry appeared on NBC 4 New York on Friday night to say: 'I apologize. I let my emotions get the better of me and I was angry. My intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument. There was no
An estimated 35,000 people gathered on the White House South Lawn Monday morning for the 137th annual Easter Egg Roll festivities. Mrs Obama joined the So You Think You Can Dance All Stars on stage to perform a dance routine. This comes only days after she joined Jimmy Fallon on the Tonight Show to perform mom dancing on a segment called The Evolution of Mom Dancing Part 2. President Obama read from his favorite childhood book Where the Wild Things Are, which he has done every year since 2009.
Residents of Celoron, New York, hometown of the famous comedienne, reacted with shock and horror when the 'I Love Lucy' statue was unveiled in 2009. Following a recent social media campaign to have the bronze statue removed, sculptor Dave Poulin has admitted to being 'disappointed' in his work. He has pledged to make a new one.
The quota system was abolished today after 30 years - allowing dairy farmers to produce as much milk as they like without suffering a financial penalty. Move is expected to drive a spike in production, particularly in countries like Ireland, Germany and the Netherlands, who plan to boost exports of milk and other dairy products to the UK. But British farmers are likely to find the price they are paid by supermarkets is driven down, which will be particularly difficult for smaller family businesses.
The Great Wall of China was created in 500 BC to protect the country's northern border against foreign invasion. The Louvre attracts 9.7 million visitors a year, more than any other museum in the world. Beyonce makes us all believe we can just stroll up and get a front-row shot at The Louvre, but the reality is less than rosy. Battling through the crowds to get a drink, surrounded by thousands of other partygoers in Miami is a challenge.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 42, has the figure of a woman half her age. FEMAIL has rounded up some of the best bikini bodies in Hollywood. Gwen Stefani, Heidi Klum, Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell all still have supermodel physiques.
Khalid Saeed Batarfi was a senior leader with al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) before he was jailed by Yemeni officials. Two days ago he was freed, along with 300 other inmates, as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in. Pictures posted online today show the high-ranking terrorist grinning as he sits in the governor's palace in Mukalla.
Engineers at the University of Sheffield found that tampons glow in ultra-violet (UV) light. They absorb chemicals found in products containing optical brighteners which are used to whiten and brighten colours. When tampons are suspended in water contaminated by even small amounts of detergents or sewage, they will pick up these chemicals and glow. Tampons could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways. By using this technique at the opening of different pipes, they can trace the source of the sewage to certain households so that pipes dumping sewage
The Army of Russia label unveiled at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in Moscow. Comes ahead of military parade on May 9 to mark 70th anniversary of end of World War Two. Russian Defence Ministry showcased balaclavas, shiny'military boots', sweat pants and tops emblazoned with the slogans 'Army', 'Polite', and 'Politeness conquests the cities' The reference to 'polite' is a phrase used by Russians to justify their takeover of Crimea.
V Stiviano showed off two new accessories while out to lunch in Los Angeles on Thursday. The 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco at Il Pastaio. This just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $2.8million in gifts she received from her ex, embattled former LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of deliberately killing his wife Tracy on the M1 last year. Court heard he deliberately veered 4x4 off motorway causing it to explode as it hit trees. Two dogs and suitcases were also thrown out of truck as it crashed into trees, court told. Walters, of Swindon, denies the murder of his wife who died two days after the crash. Prosecutors allege he deliberately drove his truck into a line of trees at 84mph on M1.
The disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by Duke University and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree. Officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. Wednesday in the Bryan Center plaza in Durham, North Carolina. The area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the Center for Sexual and Gender Diversity. Duke's vice president for student affairs said anyone responsible for 'committing this act of intimidation' would be held accountable.
The Boy Scouts' New York chapter said Thursday that it has hired the nation's first openly gay Eagle Scout as a summer camp leader. Pascal Tessier, 18, has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders. His hiring is in public contrast to the national scouting organization's ban on openly gay adult members.
High winds blowing sand across the United Arab Emirates have caused chaos for people trying to travel and work in the country. Four flights bound for Dubai International Airport, the world's busiest hub for international air traffic, had to be diverted. A 24-year-old was airlifted to hospital after his car crashed while driving in the sandstorm. Forecasters are warning that the high winds are expected to continue over the weekend.
Eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the U.S Bank in Santa Cruz last Friday. He handed cashier a note demanding money and made off with an unknown sum of money. His blonde wig, female clothing, glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with Mrs Doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name. Robin Williams played a divorcee who dresses as an elderly female nanny to spend time with children.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and woke up in the night with a severe headache and was rushed to hospital, where she passed away on Tuesday morning. The Virginia Medical Examiner's office is investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered, but so far a diagnosis has not been given. On Tuesday night, hundreds of friends, classmates and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at Broad Run High School to remember the softball player.
Boris Majnaric, 75, of South Jordan, Utah, built the 384-sq-ft, four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit. Over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons, detailing excess droppings and noise. Last Tuesday the structure was finally demolished. Majnaric was not present for the demolition because his doctor advised him to stay away from his home to 'avoid stress' as he'd recently been hospitalized for pulmonary problems. He spent more than $40,000 fighting
Malia Obama, 16, is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016. President Obama said the thought of her heading off to college has him crying on a daily basis. The 11th grade student, who attends the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, D.C., has already visited at UC Berkeley, Stanford, NYU, Columbia, Harvard, Princeton, Yale and Wesleyan.
AZDO5030 was developed by British pharmaceutical giant Astra Zeneca. Drug was originally intended to treat tumours but was shelved after poor results. Scientists at Yale University in Connecticut in the US have revealed how the treatment restored memory in mice given Alzheimer's disease. Researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials to test the efficacy.
Anthony Stokes, 17, died on Tuesday after he crashed a stolen Honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman's home in Roswell, Georgia. His death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. The boy, from Decatur, suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough blood. He had been given just six to nine months to live but the hospital initially refused to put him on the waiting list for a new organ because they thought
Gnome starred on iconic cover of the Fab Four's 1967 album Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. Cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando were on the cover picture. Following the shoot on March 30, 1967, photographer Michael Cooper's photography assistant was given the gnome as a souvenir by the band. The model has emerged for sale almost 50 years later after being listed for auction by a private collector.
Shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a Melbourne nightclub just before the Easter long weekend. The man had been ejected from the club late Thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind. Police have expressed their 'disgust' over the incident while the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The city lies beneath the Nev_ehir fortress and the surrounding area, which was being excavated during a construction project. It is thought to be the biggest underground city in Cappadocia, consisting of 3.5 miles (7km) of tunnels, secret churches, tombs and safe havens. The city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels while moving mounds of Earth.
Lauren Crawley, 54, a housewife from Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, was given a new platinum implant that makes it easier to blink again. Surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear damaged a facial nerve wrapped around it. Lauren's left eye was permanently open and she couldn't even blink with it.
Queensland amusement park Dreamworld is being sued for $290,000 by a former casual employee. Zoe Dennise Prince, 28, was working at the Gold Coast amusement park until September last year. She was allegedly injured on May 20, 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride. Ms Prince is claiming $23,050 in general damages and $193,375 for her predicted loss of income.
Suzanne Adams' son James Robshaw was born with cerebral palsy in 2002. Hospital staff failed to carry out a Caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour. High Court ruled today that United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury. James, now 12, cannot speak, dress or feed himself (without assistance of a machine) and must use a wheelchair.
Maria Malone-Guerbaa, 41, from London, used nothing but paints. Mother-of-two said she didn't use any prosthetics or special effects. She simply googled pictures of bunnies and picked one she liked best. Maria used her own brushes and professional kryolan paint.
Nathaly Hernandez was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement. She is able to sit but cannot walk, and has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe. The smiley toddler has lived at the Home of the Innocents nursing facility in Kentucky since she was three months old. Last Friday she was filmed lip-syncing to Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
Lisa Williams, 49, hit taxi driver David Coleman, 54, three times with hammer in street fight. The two families had been 'neighbours at war' since the Colemans moved in next door in 2007. William's brother Jonathan had smeared mud all over the front bay windows of victim's home. When victim went to confront him, they got into a fight and Mr Coleman 'gained upper hand' Williams was jailed for 30 months today at Snaresbrook Crown Court for maliciously wounding Mr Coleman.
Masked gang of four tried to hack into an ATM outside Waitrose in Kenilworth. They used angle grinder, crowbars and a circular saw to try and access the vault. After eight minutes they fled in a stolen Audi RS7 and reached speeds of 145mph. Residents reported seeing sparks flying from the cash machine as they fled the scene. Police tracked them to a block of flats in Tamworth in Staffordshire and arrested them. Gang members Mark Kirk, Pedro Taylor, Jason Hadley and Dean Beech were all jailed. Beech and Kirk had been on bail
Shaun Andrew McKerry, 31, has been unmasked as axe-wielding thief. He was arrested after he attempted to rob a post office in Shildon, County Durham. Owner Sab Dhillon rugby tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat to subdue him. McKerry was dubbed 'Boomerang Boy' because he always returned home after his crimes. His own mother even previously pleaded for her teenage son, known as a one man crime wave, to be locked up. Between 1995 and 2000 he clocked up 1,000 offences and was
Gul Ahmad Saeed, 25, suspected of killing his fiancee and nine of her relatives. He is said to have gone on a killing spree after becoming angry at her uncle's indecision. Saeed's own parents, brother and sister-in-law are also alleged to have been killed. The suspect is now believed to be in the semi-autonomous Pashtun area along the Afghan border.
Charles Terreni Jr, 18, was found dead at Pi Kappa Alpha house in Columbia, South Carolina, on March 18. He had a blood alcohol level of.375 - four times the legal limit. Neighbors said the house had a party the night before, on St Patrick's Day. Coroner ruled he died of alcohol poisoning. University of Carolina suspended the fraternity in the wake of the death.
Valerie Cadman-Khan, 56, was arrested in front of her daughter Aimee, now 19, in 2008. Cleveland Police claimed she had left the child alone for 45 minutes in the garden. Det Sgt Colin Helyer 'lied under oath' to claim the child had been mistreated. Valerie has won wrongful arrest suit against Cleveland Police for £34,000 in compensation. She appeared on This Morning to talk about the incident with presenter Ruth Langsford. The mother-of-five said she has not yet received an apology from the police force
Michelle Gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips, chains, swords and scantily clad women. The former Lib Dem councillor, 50, used the party's offices in Ashfield, Nottinghamshire, to hold auditions for the sordid films. Some of the clips show women bound with leather straps, while others show girls drenched in fake blood. Ms Gent was a county councillor in Nottinghamshire from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat.
Planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am this morning. Passengers travelling to Edinburgh and Zadar, Croatia were delayed for hours. Photos show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane. It's the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided at Dublin Airport.
Fossilised cone snails were found in the Cibao Valley of the northern Dominican Republic. Scientists used UV light to reveal tiny traces of the pigment left in the shell and the patterns they once had. Exposing them to UV light causes any remaining organic matter in the shells - like pigment - to fluoresce. It is thought that these compounds in shells oxidise over time and so light up when UV light is shined on them. The scientists now believe the shells include 13 entirely new species.
British scientists have discovered an Achilles heel in prostate cancer. The disease claims almost 11,000 lives a year in the UK. Scientists studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men. Reading the DNA revealed details of how the cancer metastasises. This allowed them to build a family tree of how disease changes over time.
Labour leader's secret cribsheets reveal how he planned to'relish chance to show who I am' Ten pages of notes apparently left behind in Salford ITV studios where Miliband clashed with David Cameron, Nick Clegg and four other party leaders. Mr Miliband faced criticism last week for his stiff, mannered performance. But discarded notes reveal extraordinary lengths he went to in bid to get better of opponents.
Future Music Festival will not return to Australia in 2016. Organisers of the annual event released a statement on Thursday announcing that it has been cancelled. In a statement it was explained that due to low ticket sales and high operational costs, the festival could not continue. The decision comes just one month after the festival made its way through the country and was headlined by rapper Drake and DJ Avicii. Punters have reacted with a mixture of amusement and fury to the announcement.
The 750 square metre apartment is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper Australia 108. It is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country. The new owner, whose identity was not disclosed, will have 360 degree views over Melbourne's CBD, a private grand foyer and glass elevator. Australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments, as well as retail tenancies, a multi-level carpark and communal facilities.
Mexican artist Frida Kahlo wrote passionate love letters to Jose Bartoli between 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist Diego Rivera. The passionate missives are expected to fetch upwards of $120,000 when they go up for auction at Doyle New York on April 15. They shed light on her important paintings, an unknown pregnancy and her relationship with Diego, as well as her adoration for her Jose.
Anthony Corrales of New Jersey claims he was almost killed by a retired NYPD officer last June. The incident occured outside the Resorts World Casino in the Queens section of New York City. Corrales claims he got out of his car at a red light to take the car's license plate number. When he returned to his car however, police arrived on the scene and arrested him for menacing behavior, harassment and cracking Muller's windshield. Muller, however, was let off the hook, claiming it was. corrales who jumped on his car after telling him; 'Get out
Ambra Battilana, 22, did not 'co-operate' with authorities for four days after her initial report to police saying she was groped by Weinstein during a 'business meeting' at his office in Manhattan. It has been claimed the delay was because the model and her manager were working behind the scenes to try and land her a film role. But once the 'pipe dream' came to nothing, she decided to pursue the criminal case, sources said. Her former lawyer, Mark Jay Heller, withdrew from the case as he was concerned she did not appear to be a'serious
Luo Kun Kun was expelled from his village when locals signed a petition to banish him. The child was described by his own family as a 'ticking time bomb' because he has HIV. He was forced to play alone in the woods and refused admission to local schools. But now a specialist school in Linfen, a city in southern Shanxi Province, has stepped in to help. Red Ribbon School is the only school in China equipped to look after and educate HIV-positive children. Kun Kun has now been admitted a place at the Red Ribbon School.
Woman's body found at Derby Motor Boat Club in Sawley, Leicestershire, on Sunday night. Man, 65, arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail. Post-mortem examination failed to establish a cause of death and tests will take'some time' Officers are continuing to investigate the woman's'suspicious' death.
Joe Sullivan, 46, is the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-tech crime. He spent two decades tackling cyber crime security in the private and public sector. Sullivan's role will involve liaising with city and state governments around the world. There were three high-profile assault cases involving Uber drivers in December 2014. An Indian woman said her driver raped her in New Delhi, leading to a temporary ban of Uber. This week in Denver, a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger's home. And in London, a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her
Roy Keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver. 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence. It is claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver Fateh Kerar, 44, near traffic lights in Altrincham, Cheshire. Keane will face trial at Manchester Magistrates' Court on June 19.
Virgin Atlantic's Dreamliner 787 Dreamliner routes will feature bespoke Facebook app. Customers will be able to check in for free and post updates from 35,000ft. App will also act as a sky high discussion forum where customers can chat and spark debate. #SkyhighSelfie is one of the unusual extras being offered on the airline's 787 routes. Other features include mood lighting to help with jetlag and full-length mirrors in bathroom.
Mark Jones, 45, is accused of killing 41-day-old Amelia Rose Jones at his daughter's home. Amelia died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital on the evening she was being babysat by her grandfather. Jones, of Cwmbran, south east Wales, denies murder at Newport Crown Court. His defence is he dropped Amelia on two separate nights - first after accidentally slipping on a toy and then after fainting.
Sikander Rafiq, 34, and Samara Jabreen, 32, lied to Birmingham City Council about relationship. Couple, from Ward End, claimed £66,268 housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. Jabreen first lodged a genuine claim for income support in 2002 but three years later claimed to be a private tenant and asked that her benefit payments be made to her landlord. Rafiq admitted a charge of furnishing false information regarding the tenancy agreement provided to the city council. But after hearing of her ill-health and that she was the sole care
Fighter pilots flying the F-35 Lightning II jet have a $400,000 helmet that allows them to see through the air-frame of their aircraft. Six infrared cameras around the jet allow pilots to 'look through' the entire plane. All of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed, altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet's visor rather than the traditional 'heads-up display' The jet is considered one of the most complex pieces of weaponry ever and is programmed with 8 million lines of software code, compared to an F-22 Raptor
Allie Davis, 21, based in Minneapolis, gave her boyfriend the ten-question document. She told him that he must score at least 60 per cent 'to stay in the relationship' He passed with a score of 80 per cent, for diligently answering questions mainly about Beyonce's songs. Allie also dropped in a few questions about some of her other famous popstars, One Direction included.
Pankaj Saw fell three storeys from a Macquarie Park balcony to his death on Thursday. The 29-year-old was on the phone to his wife in India at the time of the tragic fall. It is believed Mr Saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below. He died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries. Mr Saw was in Australia on a long-stay work visa, and had been working in Sydney in recent years.
Tracy Morgan was seen out with his fiancee Megan Wollover and their daughter Maven in New Jersey on Monday, almost a year after his horrific auto accident. The 30 Rock actor looked much better than the last time he was seen in public, though still looked strained and wince as he walked with a cane. Morgan was critically injured in early June when a Wal-Mart tractor-trailer rammed into a limousine bus he and his friends were travelling in on the New Jersey Turnpike. He suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg, a broken nose
'marine photic zone euxinia' took place in the Panthalassic Ocean 200 million years ago. This is when sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide. Hydrogen sulphide is a by-product of micro-organisms that live without oxygen and is extremely toxic to most other lifeforms. Study authors fear that the planet today could suffer similar consequences caused by the amount of carbon dioxide being created through the burning of fossil fuels.
'I am sightless in my right eye,' he told Fusion and Univision anchor Jorge Ramos. Reid said he is 'over' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a New Year's Day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised. The lawmaker's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his Nevada home with a plastic exercise band is one that has been questioned. Rumors have persisted since the January 1 accident that the Nevada mob may have been involved, even though there's no evidence to suggest the Reid was the victim of
Ruba Khandaqji, 36, was charged with two counts of corruption by threat against a public official and resisting arrest without violence. She called the Osceola County Sheriffs Office on Monday telling the dispatcher to'shut up and listen' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman and 'kill whomever I can kill' because she wanted to be deported to Jordan. '...your trash governor is torturing me here. I'm forced to live here,' the 36-year-old is heard saying in a recording of the 911 call released by the Sheriff's
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims the Hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. After the alleged incident, she arranged to meet him at a restaurant and the NYPD were also there to watch that meeting, according to reports. Police then recorded a phone call between the two and it is claimed he did not deny groping her. Weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on Saturday and has promised full cooperation with their investigation. He could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse
Alexander Bradley appeared in Bristol County Superior Court on Wednesday to decide what he could and cannot testify about in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial. He will be allowed to tell jurors he saw someone hand Hernandez a black Glock pistol in a Miami hotel, but not about a separate 2013 incident in which he claims Hernandez shot him in the face. Hernandez, 25, is charged with killing semipro football player Odin Lloyd, who was dating his fiancee's sister, in June 2013. Bradley, who says he was Hernandez's former drug dealer and then his best friend, cannot reveal his claim that Hernandez shot
Professor Ninian Peckitt is accused of repeatedly punching a patient in the face. Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service heard he was trying to correct a fracture caused by an accident. The 63-year-old faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three patients. He 'emphatically denies' the allegations and claims he has been 'victimised'
Owl spotted trying to interrupt a brotherly cuddle between his two siblings in Buckinghamshire. Needy bird crept along a tree branch before tugging at one of his brother's wing. He then swoops under his sibling's wing, prompting an amusing game of tug-of-war. Scene was photographed from just six metres away by Dean Mason who hid in a camouflaged shelter.
Researchers at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Washington, concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment. The four-year study, the largest of its kind, was published Wednesday in the Journal of American Medicine Association Psychiatry. Suicide rates were similar regardless of whether or not servicemen and women were deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan.
Wayne Kyle said he and wife Deby are'surviving' now that they have time to process son's death. Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield were shot dead at Texas gun range in 2013 by Eddie Routh. In February, Routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison. Mr Kyle attended the trial, but said it was difficult to sit in the same room as his son's killer. He also spoke about how he copes with criticism at his son as the military's most deadly sniper. 'I basically ignore it, I know it's not
A kitten which miraculously survived a seven-storey fall is on the road to recovery after it was found lying on the ground covered in maggots and blood. The six-month-old had fallen from a building in Zetland, inner-east of Sydney, last month and sustained serious injuries. It was taken in by a local vet clinic, My Vet Animal Hospital, who shared the story of aptly-named 'Seven' on social media. Since then, the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the his hefty medical bills and surgeries.
Priest sacked from religious order in Taranto after online lover contacted church authorities. Man, 32, claimed he was contacted by unnamed priest six months ago on Facebook. Priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which lover played Judas Iscariot. He had to atone for his betrayal of Jesus by becoming his slave, it is claimed. Taranto diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but said no other prelates were involved.
Kong Meng Xiong, 21, of St. Paul, Minnesota has been charged with kidnapping, third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment. Xiong and his parents say they wanted the girl to marry him in the Hmong tradition. In traditional Hmong marriages the man generally asks permission from the girl's family to wed her. If that method fails, there is a tradition of 'bride-napping' in Hmong culture in which the man may literally drag his bride to his house when her parents are not home. According to Hmongculture.net, the H
Katherine Hadsell says she's eager for police to give'more insight into what they're actually doing' to find 18-year-old Anjelica Hadsell. Police are searching a pond near Carrsville, Virginia, in an attempt to find the cell phone of the Longwood University freshman who was last seen on March 2. AJ's stepfather Wesley Hadsell was arrested last month for allegedly breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will. He has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges. Authorities have not ruled out foul
Mohamed Hamdin, 24, appeared in Downing Centre Court charged with indecent assault. Police say he touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of U.S. rappers YG and Ty Dolla $ign at Enmore Theatre, in Sydney's inner-west, on Australia Day. He was granted bail on strict conditions, including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by at least one of his parents. Hamdin will reappear again on April 28 at Downing Local Court.
The unidentified family - a mother, 38, a father, 42, and their two sons - apparently died from gunshot wounds. Tulsa police said 'based on the physical evidence inside the house', they believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself. Officers found a handgun near the man's body and are not seeking a suspect. Captain Matt McCord said the bodies may have been in the house for 'as many as two days'
The native Australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the Australian mainland while now its disappeared from around 80 per cent. Kevin Bradley, CEO of Save the Bilby Fund said foxes and feral cats are desimating the population The Federal Government has committed to a National Feral Animal Summit this year that will focus on creating a plan to address the feral cat issue.
Churchill, then 84, was President Eisenhower's guest of honour at the gathering, held at the home of the US ambassador in London in 1959. The party, held on the 20th anniversary of Nazi Germany's invasion of Poland, brought together the great and good of the Allied WWII campaign. But the former prime minister, famously partial to a daytime drink, appeared to be struggling to keep his eyes open as the leaders posed for official photographs. Photos were taken by Paul Begley, a US Navy photographer who was the official presidential photographer not only for Eisenhower but also Harry Truman and John F. Kennedy
Prince Charles is to name a pub in his designer village Poundbury after the Duchess of Cornwall. The inn, which will have 20 bedrooms, is being built in the prince's model village in Dorset. Joint development between the Duchy of Cornwall and brewery Hall & Woodhouse. Poundbury is Prince Charles' 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect, utopian idyll.
Gary Dahl's wife, Marguerite Dahl, confirmed on Tuesday that her husband of 40 years died March 23 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. His rocks formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975. Mr Dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5million of them at roughly $4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a few months after it hit the market.
PC Mark Bird and PC Robert Wilson were attending routine traffic accident. PC Bird was shot in the hand as he tackled Michael Olsen, 52, to the ground. Olsen had abandoned his Land Rover Freelander in the middle of the road after a crash. He turned round and pulled a gun to PC Wilson's head as PC Bird tried to save him. As Olsen pointed the revolver at the officer's head he threatened: 'If you come any closer I will blow your effing head off' Oln Olsen denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty at Inner London Crown Court
Sean McCabe was diagnosed with stage four Hodgkin Lymphoma in June 2013. He was given just two months to live and told he had a 20% chance of survival. The father-of-three, 30, from Tonyrefail, south Wales, planned his funeral to ease the strain on his family. But after making a recovery he was told he was in remission and is now in remission. Mr McCabe has rebooked the church for his wedding to fiancee Lisa Williams in July.
Former Redgum frontman John Schumann has slammed protesters for using his song, I Was Only 19, at a Reclaim Australia rally. The songwriter, who penned the 1983 anthem, said the song was about compassion, tolerance and inclusiveness. Saturday's rallies across the nation erupted into violence when the group's supporters clashed with anti-racism groups. There were several arrests at the rallies, including three in Melbourne.
Rilwan Oshodi, 31, bought Karen Budow's Santander details for just £3,200. His girlfriend Annette Jabeth then posed as the victim and withdrew £1million. They spent the money on cheeseburgers, champagne and top-of-the-range computers. Oshodi was jailed for eight years in 2013 for his part in the fraud. A judge has now ordered him to repay the money or face another four years in jail.
Lillian Roldan, 39, says she dated Ariel Castro from 2000 to 2003. During that time, Castro kidnapped and imprisoned Michelle Knight and Amanda Berry in his Cleveland home. Roldan describes Castro as nothing short of a gentleman, who was 'completely normal' in the bedroom, and even romantic. She says at one point during their relationship, Castro proposed to her but she declined since she didn't believe in marriage.
Kim Howe, 69, died after being involved in a fatal car crash in Malibu, California. She was driving a white Lexus, which Jenner's Cadillac Escalade'rear-ended' Close friends of Mrs Howe have said she had 'virtually no relationship' with her stepchildren. Two step-children are said to have hired lawyers to look into possibility of wrongful death suit. Jenner, who was not hurt in the crash, shares $125m fortune with ex-wife Kris Jenner.
Aleksandr Glushko, 21, of Delta Junction, Alaska, drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he'd just crashed. But his bright idea turned sour when an Alaskan Railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site. He has been charged with a felony for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Rosie, 27, models her new summer sleepwear collection for Autograph at M&S. Full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver. Was inspired by all things oriental and incorporated vintage glamour trend. Also starring in the soon-to-be-released Mad Max - Fury Road.
Gertrude Weaver passed away on Monday in Camden, Arkansas. The Silver Oaks Health and Rehabilitation Center in Camden confirmed her death and said they were 'devastated by her loss' Weaver became the world's oldest person on Wednesday following the death of 117-year-old Misao Okawa in Japan. She attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking. Jeralean Talley, 115, of Detroit, is now the oldest person in the world.
Chase Lacasse, 19, was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police. The teenager had posted on social media that he wanted to join the police and often posed dressed up as an officer. Lacasse, who graduated from high school last year, even bought a Glock 19 handgun, a weapon often used by police.
Apryl Foster, 33, was last seen leaving a bar in Ybor City, Florida, on February 12. She was reported missing after failing to show up for work and leaving her cats home alone. Her body was found in her sunken car in a Tampa-area lake on Sunday, February 22. Autopsy shows her blood alcohol level was 0.18, which is over twice the legal limit for driving, and THC, the active ingredient in marijuana. Foster's family believe she accidentally drove into the water while under the influence of alcohol and marijuana.
The 22-year-old singer has lost three stone in the last year. Followed a low-carb, low sugar and low gluten and sugar diet. Has been named Vogue.co.uk's April 'Today I'm Wearing' star for the month of April.
Russian artist Marina Yamkovskaia, 39, specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she can't keep up with orders. On her website all of the critters appear to have sold out except for one $399 fluffy owl named Leo. A product description states that the 5.5in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are'movable'
Supermarket beat restaurants, pubs and hotels to win the title of Britain's Best Breakfast. It was picked out by judges of the Menu Innovation and Development Awards (MIDAS) Mystery shoppers tried breakfasts at all competing venues nationwide to name winner. Morrisons beat Wetherspoons and Bella Italia which were shortlisted for the awards. The chain sells 100,000 Big Breakfasts a week and also sells vegetarian options.
One in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a problem with alcohol. Nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to regularly get drunk on a night out. Poll of 4,000 British adults found 7 per cent reported they have a drinking problem. More than a third of 18 to 24-year-olds said they had got so drunk they could not remember most of their night out, with one in five admitting they have not been able to recall how they got home. One in 20 admitted to driving themselves home drunk and one in ten said they have got in a car with someone who
Eight of those whose sentences were commuted were serving terms of life in prison. Obama has now approved a total of 43 commutations during more than six years in office. The White House said the move continues Obama's push to make the justice system fairer. In a letter, Obama urged each individual to take advantage of the second chance.
Iain Mackay, 40, is believed to have argued with Thai girlfriend moments before death. Also clashed with man who was seen talking to his girlfriend at a bar in Hua Hin. Incidents happened in the coastal city, 125 miles south-west of Bangkok, Thailand. Mr Mackay was found bleeding profusely at a shop where he had spotted his girlfriend. Paramedics were unable to save him and he later died in hospital, officials said.
Maryland's middle class is the highest paid in the country, with an average income of $72,483. Maryland is followed by Alaska, New Jersey, Hawaii and the District of Columbia. Middle class households earn between 67 and 200 per cent of state's average income. The national average income is $52,250.
Le Femme, in New Jersey, offers training to those who have undergone sex change operations or cross-dressers. The school was created by Ellen Weirich, who dedicates her life to helping 'trans' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin. Courses include how to walk gracefully in heels, how to dress according to body shape and how to create a convincing cleavage.
Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, has never lost a piece of luggage since 1994. Staff place suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards, making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage. Of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage handling, seven of the ten are located in Asia.
Edenora Baidoo, 26, has been granted permission to file for divorce from her husband Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku. The couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony but have never lived together. Baidoo hopes to begin divorce proceedings with her husband by sending him Facebook messages containing her petition to end their marriage. She will be served with the divorce summons via a private Facebook message.
Jane Bacon, 51, booked 'final trip' to Sharm El Sheikh with husband Peter, 52. She bought the £1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemo. Mrs Bacon, from East Grinstead, West Sussex, contacted easyJet to delay her trip. But she was told she would have to pay £176 to change her flights because of 'Terminally Ill Policy' Airline has since apologised and said it will be refunding the additional cost.
A 30-year-old Darwin man is accused of using someone else's employee registration number at the Aurukun Primary Health Centre on Cape York during February and March. He was charged on Saturday with one count of fraud after Cairns detectives made contact with him in the Northern Territory. Health authorities are searching hospital patient records to identify which patients the man interacted with and what drugs may have been administered.
Nicholas James Langan, 24, from Townsville, was arrested about 1.00am on January 27 at a beach in Canggu, north of Kuta, for smoking a marijuana joint. Police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams. Prosecutor Deni Iswanto on Thursday finalised the charges against the men, pushing for Langan to face a maximum 12 years jail.
System would allow machines to download personalities in a similar way to an app - and even have a different personality for each user. Could replicate the robot's owner, 'a deceased loved one,' or 'a celebrity' Google already owns several firms developing robotic technology, including Atlas, 6.2 feet of metal with a plastic body that can walk, run and jump.
Lance Lara, 10, from Fort Worth, Texas, was crowned world champion in his age group last year. One in 15 bull rides across all age groups ends in injury of some sort. Bull riding is a multi-billion dollar industry in the US and events are watched by half a billion people around the world each year.
Millions of devout Christians have been commemorating the final days of Jesus Christ by taking part in awe-inspiring Holy Week celebrations. The festival, which marks the trial, crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus culminating in Easter Sunday, has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents. Thousands of penitents have marched through streets in hooded cloaks while others have performed alarming religious self-flagellation. In northern Philippines, bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition. Impressive effigies to
The 44-year-old comedian is a part of Levo League's new Ask4More campaign, which encourages women to ask for more in honor of Equal Pay Day on April 14. On average, women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men, and in the campaign video, Sarah recalls a time when she was paid $10 for a stand-up routine when a man who performed the same amount of time earned $60.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta probe flew to within 8.6 miles (14 km) of comet 67P. Its camera was able to capture a four image montage scale at this distance is 1.7 m/pixel. It shows the large lobe of the icy comet to the left and the small lobe to the right. The top right frame offers a stunning view onto Hapi, the comets neck region littered with boulders. View also gives a detailed look at the numerous, curved markings visible on the smooth surface. In the same frame,
Extremist group's first English bulletin aired on al-Bayan radio network. Nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an American accent. It boasts of ISIS 'roasting the flesh' of their opponents and'martyrdom operations' ISIS already have a monthly propaganda magazine, Dabiq, which issues eight editions.
The New Jersey native bought the duplex in 2007 for $24million. The duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms, five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens. In 2010 he reportedly placed it on the market for $45m but then pulled the listing.
Taxpayers footed £135,000 bill to move 50 water voles from Somerset Levels. The creatures were moved at a cost of £2,500 per animal to allow dredging of the rivers. In January and February 2014 residents on Levels were forced to abandon their homes after record rainfall saw rivers burst their banks following years of insufficient dredging. Environment Agency says it has a legal duty under EU-backed regulations to protect the animals. But some Somerset Levels residents think the scheme is an unnecessary waste of public money.
Albert Webb, 51, and sons Jimmy Chuter, 26, and Jesse Webb, 19, stalked pensioners. Followed elderly people home from Post Office before demanding cash for repairs they hadn't done. If victims had no money on them, they would be driven to nearby cash point to withdraw it. Or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them. In total the family gang carried out 35 thefts, starting in February 2012. Most of the victims were women in their 70s or 80s, while the eldest was a 97-year-old man.
Kamron T. Taylor, 23, escaped from Jerome Combs Detention Center in Kankakee, Illinois, about 3am Wednesday. He beat a guard into unconsciousness, stole his uniform and keys and fled in his SUV. Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the June 2013 murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, when he escaped. The father of the victim, Nelson Williams Sr, says he is scared his son's convicted killer will go after him after his daring prison break. A $7,500 reward is now being offered for information leading to Taylor's capture.
Karen Davis, from Port Pirie in South Australia, was reported by police with disorderly behaviour. The 38-year-old was captured by a camera car for the popular Google Maps app. Ms Davis can be seen holding her arms up in the air with her T-shirt hunched up around her neck bearing her breasts, as she follows the Google camera cars around the street. South Australian law professor Rick Sarre believed it should not result in charges or a court appearance and that the swab was unnecessary. 'I think it's outrageous, but I know young juvenile offenders who have been
Labour leader admits he cried when he and wife Justine watched film Pride. He said: Pride is about the lesbian and gay community in London who go and help the miners in Wales and Justine and I watched it recently. I blubbed' Miliband said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but when he was 12-years-old drove his parents slightly mad playing Manic Miner. As Labour leader he used an iPhone, but gave it up for a BlackBerry because he spent too much time reading tweets.
Benjamin Astbury was born 12 weeks early, weighing just 1lb 3oz, little more than a bag of sugar. He suffered five cardiac arrests, two emergency bowel operations and was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days while medics tried to save his life. His mother Tanyia, 36, from Buckley, North Wales, said his survival shows'miracles do happen' He is now thriving at home with his family and is about to celebrate his first birthday.
Shadow Cabinet ministers branded industry leaders who signed open letter as '1%' Lord Prescott suggested signatories were 'tax dodgers, Tory donors and non doms' Chuka Umunna suggested one, former Diageo boss Paul Walsh, should no longer take over as head of the CBI. 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that Government 'has been good for business'
Calfornia Gov. Jerry Brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on Wednesday. The crackdown comes as California and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight. State reservoirs have a year's worth of water, and with record low snowfall over the winter there won't be much to replenish them. Affluent Southern California communities with lots of landscaping on automatic timers were some of the worst offenders, topping 300 gallons of water per person a day.
A chocolate bunny worth $64,000 (£33,000) made headlines this week for being the world's most expensive Easter treat. Victorian chocolatier X Chocolate have created chocolate masterpieces inspired by renowned artists including Jackson Pollock and Banksy. Pâtissier Adriano Zumbo is selling punk-inspired eggs for $60 each. Melbourne-based Gânache Chocolate are selling a 2.2kg chocolate ganache egg costing $132. The Grounds of Alexandria were inspired by the iconic Cadbury Creme Egg when coming up with their Easter offering.
Two long-time friends from Canada took their two sets of sons on a journey to the original home of Kentucky Fried Chicken in Corbin, Kentucky. Brian Lufty, 52, one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van, made the 34-hour round trip mission for his third time to visit the Harland Sanders Cafe and Museum. The group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two Canadian provinces including Quebec and Ontario, as well as five U.S. states. For three of the sons, it was the first time they had tasted KFC.
Tyecka Shanta Evans, 28, charged with manslaughter in death of 3-month-old Taliya Richardson. Evans initially told police she was sleeping when her daughter stopped breathing. She later admitted that she went out for nearly two hours and found her daughter unresponsive upon her return to Parkside Garden Apartments in Ocala, Florida. The mother of two was released from jail Tuesday night after posting $30,000 bail. Her sister, Toyana Evans, could face charges for lying to police.
Pola Pospieszalska, Anneka Svenska and Victoria Eisermann run K-9 Angels charity. They rescue stray dogs and re-home at least 700 in the UK and spayed 2,500 more. Pola told MailOnline: 'Romania's stray dog situation is probably one of the worst in Europe and sad, neglected, hungry animals are a part of Romanian landscape' They say state-appointed 'dog catchers' round up dogs and take them to holding pens where they can be 'clubbed to death, set on fire and left for dead
Keyboard could tell doctors if someone has the neuron impairment, simply by analysing the way they type. Algorithm can tell how effectively someone is striking a keypad. It can distinguish between typing done in the middle of the night, when sleep deprivation impairs motor skills, and typing performed when fully rested. The team is now planning a larger study of Parkinson's patients.
Sydney personal trainer Allie Dodds alleges Ashy Bines used her recipes in an e-book without credit. The 24-year-old said she was 'devastated' to find her work had been taken. Ms Dodds said she contacted Ms Bines in July 2013 to question her use of recipes and photos but never heard back. 'I just couldn't believe it... That's really nasty. It was just Ashy's Guidelines and zero mention of my name or my blog,' she said.
Olivia Palermo, 28, has teamed up with British brand Aspinal of London to design a tote. £995 Marylebone TechTote features a built-in phone charger and comes in chocolate brown mock-croc leather. All profits of the sale of the tote will go to charity ADCAM, a social responsibility initiative.
Rob Ford, 45, was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year, forcing him to quit his bid for re-election for mayor. He has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation, which has shrunk his tumor to a manageable size. On May 11, he will have an eight- to ten-hour operation to remove the tumor, which he hopes will allow him to return to work as a councilor in September.
TOWIE star joined Ukip leader in Grimsby to find out about general election plans. He said: 'I don't really understand much about political life and I'm trying to show the youth it's good to vote' Ukip leader said Essex is an 'icon of youth' and hailed him as'really, really reem guy' Mr Farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine.
Cassandra Fortin, 17, was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She and her mother Jackie Fortin said she didn't want chemo and ran away after two treatments. The state Department of Children and Families took temporary custody of the teen after she was declared in remission in March. A judge ruled on Wednesday she must remain in DCF custody until completing court-ordered chemotherapy for Hodgkin lymphoma at Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford.
Red sandstorms swept across Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Ningxia and Shaanxi. China's National Meteorological Centre has issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms. It is the fourth massive sandstorm to hit the north-west of the country this year alone. Images show the city of Golmud, in the country's north west Qinghai Province, as it succumbs to a sweeping sandstorm.
Letter written by passenger 'Bethanie' to pilot Jai Dillon has gone viral on Twitter. She thanks him for 'taking her home safely' and for 'allowing her' to live her life in Spain. The heartfelt message was posted by Mr Dillon, who was shown the A4 by a colleague. It has amassed more than 2,000 shares and been 'favourited' almost 3,000 times. All 150 people on board the Germanwings plane were killed in the crash last week.
Sherryrell Dillion has been given a place in the Top Model of Colour final. However, the single mother-of-two says she is now technically homeless. Sheena says she has nowhere to live following a mice infestation at her home. The final of the competition takes place on May 30 at the Grand Connaught Rooms in London.
The tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at Rhossili in South Wales, voted the UK's number one beach. Visitors to the tip of the Gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles, surrounded by the rolling Welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista. Now the rundown parking spot has been snapped up by the heritage organisation which normally looks after UK's best buildings and landscapes. Trust manager Paul Boland defended the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners with the aim of improving it.
Ollie the owl was snatched from the Admiral Rodney, in Nottingham, last month. Landlord Richard Stevenson, 32, received a ransom letter in the post demanding its safe return. Pictures posted on Facebook show the bird sunbathing on a beach in Benidorm and sitting on a wall. The £7.99 ornament has also jetted off to Belfast, Belfast and Tunisia in less than a month.
Ethel Rider, 87, fell from her bed at the Half Acre Care Home in Radcliffe. She was being turned every two hours to prevent bed sores when she fell. Susan Logan, 59, and Lauren Gillies, 25, failed to seek medical help for 40 minutes. Mrs Rider was left 'cowering' in pain and unable to tell anyone what had happened. Logan and Gillies have been jailed for six months each for wilful neglect.
Ava Ciach, from Geelong in Victoria, suffered from Sagittal Synostosis. The two plates at the front of her skull had fused together prematurely restricting the growth of her brain. In September last year she underwent a nine-hour operation at the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne. She had her skull removed, smashed into pieces and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle. Seven months after her surgery she is 'a completely different child'
Nestle have released a collection of images showing the evolution of the Easter Egg over the past 40 years. The collection includes eggs by brands like Caramac, Yorkie, Rolo, Toffee Crisp, Aero and even Polo. Tradition of Easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the First World War when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life.
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, has been arrested for felony murder after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in Miami on Monday. His brother Jean, 17, was killed and Anthony Rodriguez was wounded in the gunfight, though Marc was in the car at the time. Their mother is Roxanne Dubé, the recently appointed Canadian Consul General in Miami, who was only recently appointed to the role. The boys had agreed to buy two pounds of marijuana for $5,000, and driven to a house under the guise of making the purchase in their mother's BMW.
The Girl In The Spider's Web, published worldwide on August 27, is fourth installment in Millennium crime trilogy by Swedish author Stieg Larsson. Book was completed in November by David Lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by Larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50. Publisher Norstedts revealed yesterday that it kicks off with artificial intelligence intrigue involving a U.S. spy agency. 500-page sequel takes up the story of tattooed computer hacker Lisbeth Salander and journalist Mikael Blomkvist.
The mineral veins were found at a site called 'Garden City' on the slopes of Mount Sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm (2.5 inches) Scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in Mars' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock. The ridges contain both bright and dark material.
Father Damian Maria Montes, 29, was appearing on Spanish version of The Voice. He belted out the Robbie Williams 1997 ballad while donning his priest's collar. The audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement. Redemptorist Missionary claimed he had been singing since he was 16 years old.
Fighters from 100 nations have joined militant groups such as Al Qaeda. Number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by 71% between 2014 and 2015. Syria and Iraq were by far the biggest destinations, with over 20,000 foreign fighters travelling to the region to fight for mainly IS but also the Al-Nusra Front.
YouTube star Promise Tamang turns herself into Maleficent, Angelina Jolie's character from the upcoming movie of the same name. The mother-of-six has previously made videos of herself as Elsa from Frozen and Princess Jasmine from Aladdin. Promise has been posting YouTube make-up tutorials for six years now.
The perfect pillow is the key to a good night's sleep. We rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours per year. The shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows. But which is a pain in the neck and which is dream come true?
Reading University researcher has said that bees prefer cities to fields. The expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population, according to the researcher. Wildlife sites in four English counties saw bee species decrease. Dr Deepa Senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame. She said urban areas may benefit bees more than farmland by providing a wide variety of flowering plants.
Mark Dawe, head of OCR exam board, compared it to a calculator in a maths exam. He said most pupils now learn through search engines anyway and teachers should test how students interpret answers, rather than how they find them. But Campaign for Real Education said it would lead to a 'dumbing down of standards' Chris McGovern said: 'We have a crisis in standards in this country. We are three years behind the Chinese at 15'
Alison Hargreaves, 32, was swept to her death in 260mph winds on descent from K2 in 1995. Now her son Tom Ballard, one of the world's most accomplished climbers, plans to conquer the mountain. Mr Ballard, 26, said he saw it as his destiny to follow in his mother's footsteps. He said: 'I realised I was climbing for myself. That's how I've gone on'
Robin Rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband after he had a vasectomy. She's now written a graphic, tell-all memoir about that year and its messy fallout. Of her 12 partners, most are younger and two are women, one of whom agrees to a threesome. Rinaldi's discontent settles onto her failure to sleep around when she was single.
Lotatoa 'Lota' Ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor last October. The eight-year-old underwent two initial brain surgeries to drain spinal fluid and to remove some of the tumor, but doctors were unable to complete the latter procedure due to the risk of stroke. Lota underwent his fourth brain surgery on Wednesday, April 1, and is currently recovering from the operation. He ran 33 miles in a 50-mile race just weeks before his fourth surgery.
Four Roma men and women appeared in a Marseille court accused of human trafficking. Six others are facing related charges in 'two-thousand piece puzzle built around four births' Mike and Carmen Gorgan deny charges, saying the babies were 'a gift' Only defendant not in court was Fana Moses, the 32-year-old mother of baby Tony.
Prince Harry will arrive in Australia next Monday ahead of his four-week stint with the Australian Defence Force. The royal's down under tour will see him serve alongside some of the country's elite soldiers in Darwin, Perth and Sydney. Captain Wales, as he is known in the British Army, will fall in with troops at the Perth SAS base and take on training exercises. He will also time with Indigenous NORFORCE soldiers in the Northern Territory, and the army's Sydney-based 6th Aviation Regiment.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims that he posed as a black man to get into St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998. He shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students during the process. 'I got into medical school because I said I was black. The funny thing is I'm not,' he wrote on his blog. Despite his startling claims, he fails to mention if he applied to the same schools at the same time as an Indian-American man. And though he claims he became a serious contender at schools across the
Typhoon Maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon, causing troops in the Philippines to be put on alert today. Residents and tourists along the eastern coast have been warned that it will hit land some time in the next 72 hours. 'Commands respect even from #space: we just flew over typhoon #Maysak,' Esa astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti said in a tweet. Fellow astronaut Terry Virts, of Nasa, said: 'Looking down into the eye - by far the widest one I've seen. It seemed like a black hole from
Kim Sears was spotted working on her wedding tan in Miami on Tuesday. The 27-year-old artist was a vision of health as she applied suncream. Kim and Andy will tie the knot at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11. Couple announced engagement in November after nine years together. Thousands are expected to line the town's streets for the big day.
Shahnawaz, 40, was returning home from a family function when he was attacked. His motorbike grazed a car and he was told to move his bike by the driver of the car. Shahdab, along with Khalid Amin, Atif Lala, Mohammed Wasim, and another unidentified person, beat him to death with iron rods. Their two sons, Fahad, 13 and Kaif, 9, begged police to help their father but were told to dial 100. Police chief B.S. Bassi has assured that all accused will be arrested soon.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois. His mother, LaToya Howell, said her son wanted to be a surgeon. The high school senior had moved to the area from Wisconsin in February. It is not known if an officer has been suspended while the shooting is investigated.
Older people are more susceptible to emotions when making decisions over retirement. Scientists at Texas Tech University carried out research on 1,204 retired people. More than 50 per cent of pensioners panicked and sold investments during financial crisis. Comes days before retirees in Britain are given power to decide how to spend life savings.
Triathlete Charlotte Roach, 26, nearly died in a horror crash in 2010. She and her business partner Rosemary Pringle, 28, decided to give up normal clothes for 40 days to raise money for the Air Ambulance. The pair dressed up in different costumes for every day of lent. They rated buskers in Trafalgar Square, rode the Tube as lifeguards and pitched to clients in their pyjamas.
The emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of Ferguson, Missouri were released on Thursday. Seven in particular are remarkably racist, including one that was previously released in which disgraced police officer Richard Henke says of President Barack Obama; 'What black man holds a steady job for four years?' In the other emails President Obama is labelled a monkey, welfare recipients are described as 'lazy' and unable to speak English before being compared to dogs. All three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered.
Italian photographer Giovanna Griffo was in Iceland to capture the Aurora Borealis in all their glory. The 42-year-old, who is based in Latina, led a group of her students to Vik and Hella in the south of Iceland. They were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle. Griffo, the daughter of two artists, teaches photography and post-production in seminars all around Italy.
It is believed the man, from Brent, London, works in the military's post office. He has been put on compassionate leave from his post after MoD considered suspending him. It is not clear where or at what level at the MoD he worked, but it has post offices at RAF Northolt. Last month it was revealed he is one of the parents of the three boys, one aged 19, and two aged 17, who raised the alarm about their missing children.
Sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the US dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the general election. Experts said a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent. The sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets  driving share prices down and borrowing costs up.
The RV FLIP has been used by the US Office for Naval Research for more than 50 years. It is used to measure underwater acoustics, oceanography, meteorology and marine mammal observation. The vessel is more than 355 feet long and has been specially designed to cope with the stress of tipping over by 90 degrees.
Lishan Wang, 49, is charged with murder in the shooting of Yale University doctor Vajinder Toor outside his home in April 2010. He was originally ruled incompetent in 2010, but he was restored to competency after being treated at Connecticut Valley Hospital. A new evaluation was ordered after a public defender filed a motion asking for the court to terminate Wang's self-representation. Mental health experts said Wang displayed 'paranoid thinking' and was 'guarded and suspicious' when discussing a relationship with court-appointed lawyers.
Greenstone acts as a beacon to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks. It takes advantage of a feature that launched in Apples iOS 7 called Multipeer Connectivity Framework (MCF) This lets you send messages and photos even when a person has no signal by creating what is called a wireless mesh network. Apple uses the framework for its AirDrop feature, for example, which makes it easy to send files and data to other connected iPhone users. Greenstone is still under development and currently works with FireChat at a range of 20ft (6 metres)
Kristen Bieniewicz of Westland is suing Bassel Saad, along with another man who controlled the team and the soccer league. Bieniewicz died after Saad punched him in the head just moments before Saad would have been ejected from a weekend game in Livonia. Saad, 37, was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter.
Developers in Boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its One-Touch-911 app. Users can call the police, fire service, report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a button. Each call is placed with the phone's GPS location, user details and any pre-entered medical information attached. If the user doesn't have signal on their network, the app lets them 'roam' onto another network to connect the call. The app can be used in 135 countries, and is compatible with any three-digit emergency number in these regions. Rapid
Mark Donaldson is one of Australia's most highly decorated soldiers. He was one of the very few to have been awarded the nation's highest military honour, the Victoria Cross, for his bravery in Afghanistan. Donaldson revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite Special Air Services unit ordered to assassinate a Taliban warlord. Prince Harry is headed for his final tour of duty in the elite SAS headquarters in Perth, where Donaldson works as a training commander.
Caleb Benn, a Californian high school student, has developed a $4.99 (£3.24) app for iOS devices using Instagram's application program interface. Called 'Uploader for Instagram', it allows users to upload photos to Instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone. Facebook has strict restrictions against using its private API. An engineer from Facebook, which owns Instagram, sent Benn an email last week claiming the app violated the company's terms of service. The email asked Benn to 'fix' the app by Monday, but Benn said doing this would make the app pointless.
New York-based writer Danielle Page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice. The drivers, many of whom are married themselves, revealed their personal tips, life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love.
Peter and Jean Tarsey, both 77, found shot dead in each other's arms on sofa. They were each shot in the back of the neck with a single bullet in double murder of 'terrible cruelty' Friend Ann, who had been friends with the couple for 25 years, said: 'I'm still in a state of shock' Ann and her friend, Eduardo Juan, found the couple at around 4pm on Sunday at the couple's house in Xalo, near Benidorm on the Costa Blanca. Eduardo said he had known the Tarseys for 40 years
The fire started in Mojave Narrows Park between Apple Valley and Victorville. Park officials in San Bernardino County set the fire on Tuesday to clear flammable cattails. The controlled burn quickly went out of control after a shift in the wind caused the fire to spread. At its height, 70 acres of land was ablaze threatening several homes. One shed and one car were destroyed but no homes were damaged by the blaze.
Alan Spencer, 67, was tucking into his dinner when he began choking. He frantically tried to clear his throat, and after three minutes made his way to the door. But he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life'slipping away' in front of his Labradors. 18-month-old Lexi leaped into action and jumped on to the centre of Alans back. She dislodged the onion and saved her owner's life, he said.
Current and former female agents spoke out to the New York Times on Sunday to renounce depictions of CIA women on TV shows and in movies. The women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown PTSD with booze and pills. 'I wish they wouldnt use centerfold models in tight clothes,' said retired CIA officer Sandra Grimes. Veteran CIA analyst Gina Bennett, one of the 'Band of Sisters' who helped track down Osama bin Laden, has the most trouble with how her fallen co-worker Jennifer Matthews was portrayed.
Seth Casteel's new book, Underwater Babies, features photos of babies swimming underwater. He photographed 750 babies across ten states to create the 70-page book. Casteel hopes to use the images to promote the importance of water safety for babies.
Mike Holpin, 56, has three £450 PS4 consoles and three widescreen TVs dotted around his council house in Monmouthshire. He has 40 children by 20 women and says 16 of them have been taken into care. 'Im as fertile as sin. I dont believe in contraception and I love sex', he says. His fiancee Diane Morris, 46, said: 'He's a good guy. He's been unfaithful but that's all in the past' His brother David, 59, said his'shocking' behaviour had brought
Darcy Atkinson, two, died of brain injuries in December 2012. He was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant Ritalin in his system when he died. The toddler was in the care of his mother's boyfriend Adam Taylor at the time of his death. Dr Barry Wilkins told the inquest into the toddler's death that the child had been 'caned or whipped' Darcy's father Peter Atkinson broke down in the dock as his son's horrific injuries were described.
Italian Glamour: The Essence of Italian Fashion, From the Postwar Years to the Present Day, captures the evolution of Mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses and archived images. Co-author Enrico Quinto, 51, and Paolo Tinarelli, 49, were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in Italy. The book focuses on the humble beginnings of some of the world's biggest Italian brands and how they rose to cultural significance.
Victoria Police arrested 35-year-old Abijath Desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at Riverside Quay in central Melbourne. Mr Desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery, false imprisonment and assault with a weapon. He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court tomorrow morning. The siege came to an end just before 5.30am this morning when police entered the restaurant and tasered the man.
Police removed the body, believed to be that of Anna Ragin, from the house. The property in the Richmond area was said to be crawling with rats, black widow spiders, dog feces and 300 bottles of urine. Authorities said it was the worst case of hoarding they had ever seen. Neighbors said the elderly woman had not been seen for years.
The Facebook page of the so-called Disciples of the New Dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share, and comment on, the group's anti-cesarean memes. The community, led by Father Patrick Embry, is using the images to encourage fellow Christians to shame 'lazy' and 'negligent' mothers who have elected to undergo C-sections. 'Face the facts: You didn't really give birth. You caught a lucky break. Please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done,' reads one of the memes.
Ukip leader said he expects to recover momentum in run-up to next month's election. He said key campaign issues like EU membership are now very much 'back in play' with voters. Ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 per cent in November to just 12.25 per cent today. Mr Farage is also facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind Tories in Thanet South.
Cleveland officer Michael Brelo goes on trial on Monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30. He is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally. Prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. Brelo's footprints were also found on the. hood of the beat-up Chevy Malibu where Russell and Williams died.
Alexis Tsipras met the Russian President in Moscow yesterday. Pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects. Greece has not received bailout funds since Syriza took power in January. Tsipras insisted he had not asked for  or received  financial aid. He said Greece is a'sovereign nation' and 'not a debt colony'
The ring, located 12 billion light years away, is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies. Striking circular structure is a rare manifestation of gravitational lensing predicted by Albert Einstein in his theory of general relativity. Gravitational lensing occurs when a massive galaxy or cluster of galaxies bends the light emitted from a more distant galaxy, forming a highly magnified, though distorted image.
Jamie and Dawn were appearing on The Jeremy Kyle Show. Jamie refused to take one of the show's famous lie detector tests. Attempted to propose by going down on one knee in front of girlfriend Dawn. But she was unimpressed and threw the ring back in his face. Furious Dawn then storms out, screeching: 'I'm out of here!' Couple left the show with no plans to marry in the near future.
Billy-Anne Huxham, 18, was forced into a car outside a Caboolture home, north of Brisbane. Police have found the silver 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander with Queensland registration 789VNI. Detectives are searching for Carl Garry Chapman, 32, who is believed to be the victim's former boyfriend. Ms Huxham reportedly made contact with a relative on Thursday, but police still have serious concerns for her welfare.
Linguist Shigeru Miyagawa, from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own. Most scholars believe that humans first started using a 'proto-language', which was a primitive kind of communication with only a gradual development of words and syntax. But according to Professor Miyagwa, single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older, syntax-laden system, rather than from simple, primal utterances. The 'integration hypothesis' suggests that whatever first caused them, these layers of
Kevin Blandford won a free trip to Puerto Rico through his workplace. His wife, Bonnie, wasn't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter. Each photo shows him pulling the same sad face in an attempt to prove how much he missed his wife. Photos have gone viral with more than two million views on Imgur.
Unnamed worker from Alberta, Canada, handed his bosses a doctor's note for a cold. He said he was annoyed at having his GP's time 'wasted' writing sick notes for common colds. The man, believed to be an employee of Pizza Hut, gave his boss a ticking off. A friend of the employee posted the letter on Reddit under the title'my friends work requires a doctors note if you call in sick'
SNP leader says she is prepared to work with Labour to put Miliband in Number 10. Ms Sturgeon has refused to work  with Conservatives under any circumstances. But she has held out the possibility of putting Mr Miliband into power. SNP is projected to win more than 40 seats in Scotland at the election. Comes as polls suggest a surge in support for SNP will cost Labour a majority.
Sinn Fein president described abduction and murder of Jean McConville as 'what happens in wars' His comments have angered relatives of the mother-of-ten who was abducted and murdered in 1972. She was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her Belfast home in front of her children. Her remains were discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune in County Louth in 2003. Mr Adams has long denied he was even in the IRA and was arrested by police investigating her murder.
University of Nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video. Limited periods of stress are good, as they release the hormone cortisol. This is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations. But too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile. Dr Raychelle Burks recommends eating healthy food, exercising and getting plenty of sleep.
Pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers in Western Australia. Goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length. The native fish in the region are only up 10cm in length like the pygmy perch or the native minnows. In 2012, the world's biggest ever specimen of a South American cichlid was found living in WA.
Animal Liberation Victoria activists broke into Wagner's Poultry Farm in Coldstream, Victoria in March. Two weeks earlier government health officials inspected the farm, but gave it the all clear. However, several hens were in such a bad state that they had to be removed from the cages by the activists as they were in desperate need of veterinary care. 'Photos and video were taken of hens with eyeballs hanging out, with mangled beaks, and completely defeathered hens,' said activist Noah Hannibal. The owner of the 6000-bird farm has denied claims that the animals were not being
Prime Minister makes plea to Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives. Vows to 'do more' to respond to concerns about immigration in last-ditch plea. Warns it is 'not the time to send a message or make a protest' in the run-up to the election. Mr Cameron has previously dismissed Ukip as 'fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists' Ukip leader Nigel Farage has seen his party's support slip by five points in recent polls.
Young adults have taken to Twitter under the hashtag #realisticYA to voice their frustrations at the unrealistic portrayals of young adult heroines. Many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels, but the Twitter users describe their own realistic reactions, or what would really be probable. Others look at realistic situations that arise with teen romances and how a normal teenager would react.
Kyle Kandrick was suspended from the Maaco auto body shop in Hagerstown, Maryland after Ella May Rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on Facebook. Rudd had been dealing with the shop for 'the last two months' while trying to repair a leak on her Hummer H2. Kandrick called Rudd's husband after she left a scathing review on the company's Facebook page. Maaco President Jose Costa called her Thursday, the day after she posted the recording, and said he couldn't fire the employee because he's a co-owner of the franchise.
First phase of Disney's Polynesian Villas & Bungalows has just been unveiled. Opulent overwater villas are a first of their kind for Disney and cost between $2,000 and $4,500 a night. Located on the shores of the Seven Seas Lagoon, the villas feel more like Bora Bora than Florida. Each bungalow boasts two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private plunge pool.
London Mayor launches Tory campaign in Mill Hill, North London. Claims Labour leader is 'hostile' to people who want to own their own home. Jokes Tories are party of 'kitchen ownership' while Labour is 'party of kitchen concealment' Mocks Miliband over revelation he has two kitchens in his £2million London home.
Angela Postle, from Maroochydore in southeast Queensland, stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket. The mother-of-five sent the fruit of to Queensland Environmental Health Branch for testing, but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail. 'I'm very worried because I feed my kids a lot of oranges and fruit. We need answers because this could be a more widespread problem,' Ms Postle told Daily Mail Australia.
Seven out of 10 FTSE 100 bosses think Labour would be a 'catastrophe' for Britain. Poll of 35 business chairman reveals overwhelming support for David Cameron to remain PM. Comes after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a Labour government. Labour is struggling to repair its relationship with big business after series of policy announcements. Miliband last week vowed to ban 90% zero-hours contracts and raise corporation tax.
Kira Hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago. She had been self-harming and experienced from aggressive outbursts. Doctors ordered the 27-year-old, from Tamworth, Staffordshire, to go to the gym to gain weight. There, she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer. Now a healthy 9.5st, she says bodybuilding gave her the confidence to overcome depression.
Robert Dellinger, 54, was sentenced on Thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the December 2013 deaths of Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecutors claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself. During the second day of the sentence hearing, he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in jail since the crash, which means he could be released in less than eight
PM insists Coalition has spent five years 'trying to lift people up' by making work pay. 'Just because people disagree with our policies does not mean they are missing moral content' Comes after Church published guide to how Christians should 'approach the General Election' Intervention comes as chief whip Michael Gove says Christians are treated with suspicion.
Dozens of items from entertainer's estate will go under the hammer in New York. Memorabilia includes plaque commemorating installation of Monkees' star on Hollywood Boulevard. Also included are a red directors chair with 'Monkees' logo across the back, guitars and posters. Jones, best known for his work with The Monkees, died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66.
Steve Tempest-Mitchell, 56, from Bradford, lost 16st after the surgery 14 months ago. Former bomb disposal expert weighed 32st and struggled to control his Type 2 diabetes. Father-of-three had to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane at his heaviest. 'I was slowly killing myself and even needed psychiatric help,' he said.
The four-bedroom home near Auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price. The house was listed by its former owners with just a $1 reserve, despite its million-dollar price-tag. New owners Donald and Jenny Gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up. House-prices across New Zealand are on the rise, with the average in Auckland around $766,000.
Three Aussie stylists make Hollywood Reporter's 'Power Stylist for 2015' list. Cristina Elrich, Jeanann Williams and Elizabeth Stewart are behind Aussie A-listers including Naomi Watts, Cate Blanchett and Margot Robbie. Petra Flannery, Karen Spears and Kara Warne round out the top three.
Ashley Johnston, 28, was shot in February in Rojava, near the Turkish border, while fighting with the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) His mother Amanda Johnston had no idea her son was at war in the Middle East until she learnt of his death. The Queenslander, who lived in the ACT, is believed to be the first Westerner to die in battle against IS. His body finally arrived home in Canberra last week, leaving Mrs Johnston to face the grim task of identifying him.
The four-day Easter long weekend will be extended by an hour when clocks go back an hour at 3am on Sunday. The time change affects all states except Queensland, the Northern Territory and Western Australia, where daylight saving is not observed. Clocks will spring forward again on October 4.
Unidentified gunman was banned from park last week after vandalizing ex-girlfriend's car. But despite court orders, he was spotted at 2.15pm on Friday near the water slides in Hollywood. He was standing in a smoking area near the Despicable Me ride at the time of the shooting. Deputies tried to talk him out of it, but he shot himself in front of children and families. It is not the first time the gunman, who has not been identified, sparked security concerns.
The woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. Friday on a rural highway in Lee County, Kentucky. Rescue workers lost sight of them after the car was swept into a flooded creek around 11:30am. Authorities in Louisville, Kentucky, made more than 100 water rescues early Friday as a severe storm's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation. Flooding in the Ohio River Valley comes as severe storm moves eastward from Oklahoma and southern Missouri.
More than 50 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in Queensland bushland. At least 55 carcasses were found in the Coonarr area, near Bundaberg, on Tuesday. A joint RSPCA and Queensland Police taskforce is now investigating. Early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow. An ABC Four Corners expose from earlier this year sparked widespread outrage after showing racing dogs chasing and mauling live animals.
Big cat was seen at Kruger National Park in South Africa attempting to tackle the hippo calf. The animal was separated from its herd when it emerged from the water at Sunset Dam. Ferocious big cat leaps on to hippo's back and tries to take a bite out of its tough skin. But it is chased away by the infant's angry mother, leaving the lion and its partner hungry and with dented pride.
Stephanie Fragoso was cited on Wednesday, April Fools' Day. She was stopped in Las Vegas by a Nevada Highway Patrol (NHP) trooper. The state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015. Distracted driving fines range from $50 for the first offense up to $250.
Shares have performed nearly twice as well under Conservative governments than under Labour. Stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the Tories compared with just under 9 per cent under Labour and just over 9% under the current Coalition. Analysis by Hargreaves Lansdown shows investors fare better under the Conservatives. Figures are a further boost for David Cameron and George Osborne ahead of election.
The penthouse at The London West Hollywood hotel is 11,000 square feet with two levels. The bi-level penthouse, inspired by Vivienne Westwood, is opening on May 18 at $25,000 a night. Guests can spot Westwood-designed prints, tiles and even scarves in the LA suite, before spending an hour of exclusive private shopping.
Superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments  as well as those for anti-ageing. A poll of 2,000 women in their 30s, 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood. One in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been missing for two nights in a Victorian national park. He was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park at 9.30am on Good Friday. Temperatures dropped to as low as eight degree Celsius on Saturday night. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A widespread search is being carried out by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES volunteers.
Sandra Bullock, Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr. and Jared Leto are just a few of the stars who can command a major opening based on their fan base. The Hollywood Reporter asked producers, agents and executives to list those who can draw in the most money.
Choupette is a three-year-old Birman cat and the pride, joy, and slightly disturbing obsession, of Chanel creative director Karl Lagerfeld. The cat has her own six-strong team at her beck and call whether theyre catering for her very faddy diet, stocking up on her favourite beauty products or just tickling her furry tummy. She doesnt demean herself by eating her food from the floor but dines on the table beside her Daddy.
Hugo Mbaeri, 25, allegedly handed over customer names, account details and signatures to gang of fraudsters while he was working at Nationwide Building Society. Mbaeri is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the Old Bailey. He is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away.
Bentley design chief Luc Donckerwolke posted a comment on Lincoln designer David Woodhouses' Facebook page that was later deleted. He wrote: 'Building a copy like this is giving a bad name to the car design world' Lincoln spokesman Stephane Cesareo dismissed the designer's criticism, saying: 'The Lincoln Continental is clearly a Lincoln, we're very proud of it'
The latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles (four square kilometres) in size. It was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs, possibly damaging local ecosystems. Five islands in total have already been made, with two more in development. China has supposedly been carrying out the land reclamation in order to build airstrips and other structures in the region. Experts have told MailOnline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems and could be 'outright destruction' of buried coral reefs.
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison. On Friday Judge Garrett Page sentenced her to 3-23 months, including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest. She also faces three years probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years.
Labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party. But within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster, trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires. One signatory identified herself as someone who had worked on [a] zero hours contract But Labour removed her name after it was revealed she had been convicted of benefit fraud.
Mercury is set to rise steadily until Friday, when southern parts of England are forecast to hit 21C (70F) or higher. That would put many holiday resorts in the shade - with Rome expected to peak at 16C (61F), Athens at 18C (65F) and Marseille at 18F. Clear skies, lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern Europe will coincide to create some glorious weather. It comes after the washout weather of last week gave way to a spectacular Easter weekend, with temperatures hitting 20.7C (69F) in Aboyne
Derek Lowe, 38, and Tina Lowe, 33, were hit shortly before 10am on Sunday in Durham by a train heading north. Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari said train No. 80 was headed from Charlotte to New York City when the accident occurred. The Lowes were both pronounced dead at the scene. None of the 166 passengers on the train were injured.
Around 75 people were inside the Korean Union United Methodist Church in Rahway when the ceiling collapsed. Thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at University Hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury. Rutter said churchgoers suffered face and head injuries, as well as cuts, bruises and abrasions.
Cody Neatis, eight, was admitted to Royal Preston Hospital last Thursday with a chest infection. He has Down's syndrome, epilepsy, autism and is fed by a tube and cannot be left unattended. Has been forced to sleep on a mattress on the floor as the hospital doesn't have a special cot. His mother, Lynne, 48, fears he will injure himself or pull out his oxygen tank in the night. She is demanding answers from the local health trust as she claims she has waited two years for a high-sided bed needed for Cody and other disabled children.
The two, GOP-controlled states were in a frenzy to quell national outrage over legislation meant to satisfy evangelicals who do not believe they should be compelled by the government to provide goods and services to certain customers if doing so would violate their religious convictions. The moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals, however, and incited massive protests. Republican leaders in the Hoosier State conceded this week to critics arguing that their state's law inadvertently left room for discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. 'It was never intended to discriminate against anyone,' Indiana Senate President Pro Tem David Long said
Robert Clark, 96, was captured by the Nazis in Tobruk in June 1942. He spent the rest of the war in prison camps before being forced to join the 'death march' After the war, he married his sweetheart Rita and moved into Burnt Oak, north London. For the past two years he has used his £50,000 savings to pay towards a £960-a-week carer. But Brent Council has refused to increase funding and he may have to go into care home. More than 127,000 people have signed a petition calling for Mr Clark to
Martin Vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellations will change. Using data collected by the European Space Agency on the shifting position of stars, he has estimated how they will look 98,000 years from now. The Big Dipper will change from looking like a plough to something that looks more like a duck, while the proud form of Leo will mutate into an unrecognisable shape. Orion will lose his head and the Crux will become little more than two parallel lines similar to an equals sign. Mr Vargic said: 'On a short timescale, stars appear to maintain
Hernando Rivera Cervantes took the pictures as the Colima volcano in Mexico erupted. The 12,400 feet high volcano first erupted in 1576 and is one of the most active in Mexico. He spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles (three kilometres) into the air. Lightning is thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud. Just like in a thunder cloud, this charge builds up until it seeks a path through to the ground as lightning.
Vicars say many schools reject non-churchgoing families even though they live nearby. Many Christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services. But group of Left-leaning clergy and laypeople called for an end to religious selection. Claimed the Church was being 'turned to the advantage of those who are already advantaged' Church of England labelled their arguments doctrinaire and said issue is'slow-burning crisis'
ESA's Asteroid Impact Mission, or AIM, will take place in two parts. In 2020 AIM will head to the paired Didymos asteroids, which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to Earth in 2022. AIM will also put down a lander  ESA's first touchdown on a small body since Rosetta's Philae landed on a comet last November.
CCTV pictures show a man police want to speak to after 'peeping Tom' incident. Woman, 19, was changing in cubicle at Aqua Vale Swimming Pool in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. She kicked man who was looking under the bottom of the cubicle and he disappeared. Police believe incident is connected to similar incident at the same pool in February. Man sexually assaulted two teenage girls in the changing area of the pool. Officers are appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently.
Traditional Chinese Medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache, poor memory and cancer can be cured by the natural world. The pursuit of these traditions is the driving force behind the $20 billion (£13bn) illegal wildlife network. South China Nature Society (SCNS) is challenging centuries of tradition by trying to change consumer appetites in the country.
Liquid is called Shear-Thickening Fluid (STF), and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature. In a 'liquid armour' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area. The liquid has been used to create lightweight flexible sheets, which can be placed inside the body armour.
Paul Childs said he burst into tears when he was diagnosed with HIV in 2011. He said he was infuriated by Nigel Farage's'scaremongering' over foreigners with HIV. The 34-year-old is running for the Lib Dems in the Liverpool Riverside seat in the general election. Mr Childs is the second Lib Dem parliamentary candidate to reveal he is HIV positive. Adrian Hyyrylainen-Trett, who is running in Vauxhall, London, said he got the virus intentionally as he embarked on a path of 'annihilation'
Hayley Okines suffered from progeria which ages body at eight times normal rate. Progeria takes its name from the Greek word 'proeros', meaning prematurely old. It involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing. Hayley, from Bexhill, East Sussex, defied the odds to live four more years. She even published an autobiography about living with the disease, called Old Before My Time. Her mother Kerry said: 'My baby girl has gone somewhere better. She took her last breath in my arms'
The 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers escaped unharmed. The blue Mitsubishi Lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at Hinchinbrook in Sydney's north-west early on Friday morning. They were driving along Partridge Road at 4.30am on Friday when they collided with a taxi at a roundabout. Their car spun out of control before mounting the kerb, smashing through a colourbond fence and landing in the pool. A crane was required to remove the submerged vehicle from the in-ground pool.
Dr Lara Briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women's health. She says PMS can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet. Dr Briden explains that PMS has often been dismissed as a myth in the past, but that new research has indicated a link between inflammation and PMS.
Anthony Clark Reed was driving around Detroit, Michigan, on Monday. He was pulled over because he reportedly had illegally tinted windows. The 24-year-old was handcuffed, despite complaining he had trouble breathing. His father, pastor Kevin Clark, claims his son had been 'driving erratically' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler. Clark is threatening to sue police for indirectly causing his son's death.
Pupils at Riverview Junior School in Gravesend, Kent told they cannot run in playground. Headmistress says she is trying to tackle a dangerous 'chasing' game which injures children. Parents say children need to 'let off steam' during breaks and get exercise.
Antarctica experienced its hottest temperature on record last week. Temperatures reached 17.5°C (63°F) on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula. This is potentially a new record for the warmest temperature measured on the frozen continent. However, the heatwave on the coldest continent on Earth has still to be officially certified by the World Meteorological Organisation. Findings come amid concern about the effects of global climate change.
Brian Gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to stop digging when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the Northern Ireland childrens home. He spoke out during a meeting with victim Richard Kerr, who claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home before being molested by very powerful figures in a Westminster paedophile gang. MI5 has faced long-standing allegations of covering up child abuse.
Julie Merner, 39, has been admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years. Mother-of-three suffers severe liver cirrhosis and has been left with 'luminous' skin. Not a drop of alcohol has passed Ms Merner's lips since January - her longest spell of abstinence. Taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems, and that figure is set to rise. In the last 20 years, the number of alcohol related deaths has doubled.
A 71-year-old man and 64-year old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a Bundaberg home on Thursday. The pair were arrested after a member of the public found 55 greyhounds in a bush site in Vera Scarth-Johnson Wildflower Reserve, 360 kilometres north of Brisbane. It is thought the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing dogs. Police found a.22 calibre gun, ammunition and a baseball bat in the woman's home. She is known in the local area as a greyhound
Dylan Miller, a senior at Juniata College, Pennsylvania, decided for his senior project that he would live in a hut deep in the woods about a half-hour's walk from campus to learn about living with only the necessities. With no plumbing or electricity, Miller has spent the last eight months studying by lantern and chasing away the occasional bear as his fellow students live comfortably in their dorm rooms. He hopes living in his nine-foot-tall, 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply, away from the luxuries of the present day.
Dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the last quarter bringing the average median house price to $690,000. It's the strongest increase since April 2009, according to the latest figures from RP Data. Sydney's performance drove the quarterly national dwelling value to heighten by 3 per cent, despite Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth suffering significant declines over the quarter. Hobart has maintained its position as the most affordable position by a longshot, with a median dwelling price of just $310,000 over the year.
Two 17-year-old boys from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, believed to have fled to Syria to join ISIS. One of the boys is believed to be a relative of Hammaad Munshi, Britain's youngest convicted terrorist. Munshi was just 15 when he joined a cell of Islamic fanatics targeting the Royal Family. The grandson of a British sharia judge, Munshi was recruited by a leading 'cyber terrorist' He was found with two bags of ball-bearings - key material for a suicide vest - in 2006. West Yorkshire Police say they are '
Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the worlds first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg. Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box. Godiva's Alter Eggo can be customised with hair, eyes and smile.
Dr Celia Sanchez-Ramos found LED screens can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye. In extreme cases, she says, it may even lead to macular degeneration, which causes dark patches to appear in the centre of the field of vision. Modern LED screens, produced from 2007 onwards, emit up to five times as much blue light as older technology. Children and the elderly are most at risk on account of their delicate eyes, as well as 'digital workers' who are especially sensitive to blue light.
Britain struck oil in Falklands yesterday, likely to escalate tensions with Argentina. British companies found oil and gas in a field north of the islands after nine months of drilling. Discovery at the Zebedee exploratory well comes amid worsening relations with Buenos Aires. Argentina invaded the Falklands in 1982, leading to a conflict that cost 260 British and 650 Argentine lives.
Liz Smith, 92-year-old gossip columnist and gossip writer, is spilling some of the secrets she never printed over the course of her 70 year career. She claims Barry Diller asked her over 20 years ago: 'Do you think I should come out?' Diller, the chairman of media company IAC, is married to fashion designer Diane Von Fürstenberg, whom Smith says he 'worships' Smith also claims Barbara Walters lost interest in her when her newspaper column at the New York Post was cut. Elizabeth Taylor, Ann Richard and Elaine Stritch were her closest
Kyle Patrick Loughlin, 21, was enrolled at Bridgewater State University on an early childhood education course. He was arrested on Tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he'd molested two boys aged between four and five. Police searched his dorm room where they found more than 100 pairs of children's underwear and diapers. The student allegedly said that he started feeling an attraction to young boys as a teenager and he sometimes wrote'sexually charged fantasy stories' involving children.
The Dalny Vostock sank in the Sea of Okhotsk at 4am local time on Thursday. It was carrying 132 crew members from Russia, Myanmar, Latvia, Ukraine and Vanuatu. More than 1,300 fishermen and emergency staff are involved in the huge rescue operation. So far 63 people have been rescued, with survivors suffering from hypothermia and other injuries being airlifted to hospital. There are 13 people still missing after the trawler tipped over when a net was pulled in.
Professional wrestler Robert Abercrombie, known as Rob Venomous, pulled out son's tooth. Video shows him revving up the engine of his red Chevrolet Camero and pulling tooth out. James, eight, can be seen running up to camera with blood smudged teeth saying: 'It came out!' Video has gone viral, attracting more than 3million views and being reposted across globe.
Duncan Hodgetts, 25, fell from 14th floor window of Executive Plaza building. He was found on third-floor balcony of neighboring Michelangelo Hotel. Tax specialist for Ernst and Young, based in Birmingham, was on business trip. NYPD spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide. Family member who answered door at Mr Hodgett's £166,000 house too upset to talk.
Hakeem Kuta, 17, was on life support and passed away Saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on Thursday night. Police were responding to complaints of a group of teens smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby when Kuta and the five others ran. When officers got to the roof, some teens jumped to another roof and ran away. Kuta and his 14-year-old companion, who has not been named, were pinned in by a dividing wall.
Motoring show took up first, second, third and fifth spots in the service's top five. Viewing figures come a week after Jeremy Clarkson was dismissed from BBC for punching Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon. Four episodes in February were watched a total of 9,047,000 times while episode two alone was watched 2,645,000. Service received 299million requests for streaming or downloading TV and radio programmes.
Keonna Thomas, 30, was arrested at her Philadelphia home Friday as she tried to travel to Syria to join ISIS. Authorities say she communicated with an Islamic State group fighter in Syria who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation. 'I can make that wish come true,' the fighter reportedly replied. Thomas' arrest comes a day after two women were arrested in New York in another home-grown terror case. They are accused of plotting to wage jihad by building a homemade bomb and using it for an attack like the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
Identical twins Marcus and Markieff Morris, who both play forward for the Phoenix Suns, are now the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault. Phoenix police say the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted Erik Hood at the Nina Mason Pulliam Recreation & Sports Complex on January 24. Hood, 36, told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in Philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had a 'falling out' He said he sent a text telling the twins' mother, Thomasine Morris, he'd
Infestation of deathwatch beetles is putting the 800-year-old castle at risk. £5 million battle plan has been launched to repel the insect attackers. Tests show the wood-boring beetles are active in the timber of the castle's timbers.
Brandon Afoa, 33, was operating a tug to push aircraft at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport when the brakes and steering failed. He crashed into a luggage lift, leaving him unable to use his legs or right arm. Much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons. Afoa went on to sue Port of Seattle - which owns and operates the airport - in King County Superior Court, saying that the company failed to maintain a safe workplace. On Tuesday a King County jury awarded Afoa $40 million because of what the incident has done to his life.
Stacy Maitai has been forced to give up her job in Perth to care for her son full-time. Baby Malakai was diagnosed with a rare chromosomal disorder known as Pallister Killian Syndrome (PKS) The 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from Centrelink as she is not an Australian citizen. The single mother was given an eviction notice after being $4000 behind in her rent for her three-bedroom home, which costs $380 each week. A fundraising page was set up to help the struggling family, which at the time of
Keith Cameron scammed his dying friend and neighbour out of £476,864. The 54-year-old persuaded Jonathan Speirs to part with thousands of pounds. He promised the world-famous lighting architect a £2million return on his investment in just two years. Instead he spent the money on a New York flat for his daughter and a string of holidays. Cameron was today jailed for five years at Edinburgh Sheriff Court for the fraud.
Mark Doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out dry rot in old houses. Border collie Meg and English springer spaniel Jess were trained for six months. When they find dry rot they stop, stare at it and point with their nose. Dry rot can grow for years without anyone noticing it. Prices start at £200 for a call-out and the business has been so successful.
The money was collected from students at the University of Surrey. It was submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly. After the experiment, the cash was washed and returned to the students. Thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money. Most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless. But MRSA and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money.
Robert Dellinger drove his pickup truck across an Interstate 89 median and smashed into an SUV carrying Amanda Murphy, 24, who was 8 months pregnant, and her fiance, 29-year-old Jason Timmons. Prosecutors have said Dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in December 2013 when he smashed into the SUV. Relatives of Murphy and Timmons tore into Dellinger during the first of the two-day sentencing hearing on Wednesday. 'How could you be so heartless? You still have a family; you have taken mine from me,' Timmons' mother, Debbie Blanchard
No one in Britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea. Our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than Indias. People are drawn back to the sea in their retirement, staring once more and feeling as they did as children. The National Trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast.
A couple from Texas who celebrated their wedding in 2012 claim their photographer wrote hurtful racial slurs on the bottom of photo booth snapshots from the event. The couple, who do not wish to be identified, hired attorney Cathy Hale to sue James Evans the owner of Premiere Photos. Hale says that when the husband heard about the photos at the wedding he was horrified and called James Evans of Premiere Photo who allegedly didn't even apologize. 'Sue me,' James Evans reportedly replied. Evans has denied all allegations and claimed that at a party of 100 people, there is no evidence linking the company to
Gangs of up to six follow wealthy shoppers in the West End before stealing. Plain-clothes officers are tasked with reducing theft in the area. DC Darren Bond, whose team monitors Oxford Street, said Chilean pickpockets 'don't mess about' Many arrive in Britain on a six-month VISA before heading off on a 'European tour'
Self-styled angry Leftie revolutionary and magician Gareth Shoulder has been recruited by the BBC to comment on the Election as a member of its Generation 2015 Election youth panel 24-year-old used his Twitter page to make disparaging remark about Mr Cameron and Ivan, who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen said: It is disgraceful that the BBC should give a platform to someone to spew such Left-wing bile
Brian Williams succeeded Tom Brokaw as Nightly News anchor at NBC in 2004. But according to a report in Vanity Fair, he always felt insecure following in his footsteps. One former NBC executive said: 'I always felt he needed to jack up his stories because he was trying so hard to overcome his insecurities' Brokaw wasn't so accepting of the 'quirks' and became 'incensed' when he heard them, according to sources. Others said the two men had a troubled relationship because Brokow pushed for Williams to get the job but Williams never 'em
One Crème egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off, and contains almost seven teaspoons of sugar. Thats more than half of the 50g of sugar the World Health Organisation (WHO) recommends per day. Kit Kat Chunky Easter egg contains 24 teaspoons, almost double the amount the WHO recommends. Exercise coaches recommend how you can offset the calories you might consume this weekend.
Cryos International is relocating its offices from New York to Orlando, Florida. The company says the move is in part due to the 'intense competition for donors' in New York. Cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 U.S. states and 80 countries across the world. It is responsible for 20,000 pregnancies a year, up to four a day in Europe alone. Donors can remain anonymous and can earn up to $750 per month.
Zaur Dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of Boris Nemstov in Moscow. He is one of five Chechan men accused of killing the opposition leader in February. Dadaev was the only one to confess to the killing, but retracted his statement last month. Now he has told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder. Nemstov was shot in the back four times as he crossed a bridge close to the Kremlin.
The bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer, who posed as a high school senior between August 2014 and March 2015. An amount of cocaine, marijuana and prescription drugs Xanax and Tramadol was also seized in the bust. The two schools hit in this operation were Pearland High School and Dawson High School. Police have not released any further information on the undercover officer or his age, but say it is not the first time they have performed something like this.
Labour leader says he will 'abolish' the 200-year-old rule for non-domicile status. Claims it makes Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' But in January Ed Balls warned scrapping the rule would cost the country money. He said: 'I think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing Britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country'
Felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate. The two-year-old grey tabby belongs to Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34. Jennifer said she isn't satisfied with the way Felix's crate was secured and transported on the Etihad Airways flight. Etihad Airways said it is investigating Felixs disappearance and continues to search for the cat.
Nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies, including a faster method of propulsion known as Vasimr. Vasimr engine is being developed by the Ad Astra Rocket company in Texas. Over three years, Nasa will give the company about £6.8 million ($10 million) to get the engine almost ready to fly in space. This will be achieved with a demonstration of their new prototype, the VX-200-SS, which will be able to fire continuously for more than 100 hours. The engine could be part of the entire
The film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of April, blowing past the $95 million debut of Captain America: The Winter Soldier. It now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the Fast and Furious franchise. Much as The Dark Knight turned into a memorial for Heath Ledger, audiences flocked to see star Paul Walker in one of his final roles.
Scottish voters would rather have a referendum on the EU than another independence vote. Idea of having another referendum on Scotland's future in the UK before 2020 ranked 19th. Comes after Nicola Sturgeon last night refused to rule out staging a second independence vote if the SNP wins the 2016 Holyrood elections.
Coronation Street has reportedly overturned a ban on its cast using their voices for radio adverts. Actress Katy Cavanagh, who played Julie Carp on the soap, was reportedly told off for taking on a voiceover job for the BBC iPlayer Restart. Bosses were said to be unhappy she was lending her voice to a rival station and thus potentially advertising the Street's biggest competitor, EastEnders. Corrie has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts in the past.
Bear was hunting salmon in the Brooks River, which runs through the Katmai National Park, in southern Alaska. The Sockeye salmon, which spend most of the year at sea, swim up stream to reach the breeding grounds where they will mate. However, once they are in the air they have no way of changing direction, making them easy to catch. Photographers Juergen and Christine Sohns captured the moment the bear let his prey get away.
Misao Okawa, born on March 5, 1898, died of heart failure on April 1. The 117-year-old was surrounded by her family and staff at her nursing home. Born in Osaka, Japan, the great-grandmother lived through two World Wars and the invention of the television and the Wright Brothers' first powered aeroplane flight. At her 117th birthday party last month she said her life had seemed 'rather short' She was recognised as the world's oldest person by the Guinness World Records in 2013.
Katie still regularly checks Kieran's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is out. She is'scared he's going to run off with any women he sees' Kieran cheated on Katie with two of her best friends when she was pregnant. Tracey Cox says it is possible to forgive but you have to be clear about how you want it to be.
Zhou Qunfei, 45, was born into poverty in a village in rural China. Her mother died when she was five and her father was nearly blinded in an accident. She left home as a teenager to work in a glass-processing factory in Shenzhen. Fed up with her monotonous job, she handed in her resignation after three months. But her bosses promoted her to a newly-created department after she wrote a good letter. At 22 she decided to set up her own company Lens Technology, which supplies Apple with its scratch-resistant glass.
Seal hunting is legal in Scotland but not in other parts of the UK. Breeding mothers are often shot dead, leaving their cubs to fend for themselves. Scottish government figures show that 205 seals were killed in Scottish waters last year. Fishermen and farmers say the killings are necessary to protect fish stocks. But campaigners say there are more humane methods of protecting fish.
Kevin Franklin, 53, of Dunstable, Bedfordshire, will switch lights on tonight. He says he will keep them on throughout April for Autism Awareness Month. His 15-year-old son Bradley is autistic and wants to raise awareness of charities. Neighbours have been angered by the lights, with one calling them an 'eyesore' Mr Franklin said he will not take them down until December 2 'out of principle' He has been medically retired from work after suffering two strokes and heart attack.
Deputy Prime Minister is trailing Labour by 2% in his Sheffield Hallam seat. He won the seat in 2010 with more than 50% of the vote and has been local MP since. Aides say he will be out knocking doors on Friday, Saturday and Sunday to try and win. But a poll shows 36% of voters in the constituency will now back Labour's Oliver Coppard. This is compared to 34% who said they would support the Deputy PM. Lib Dems say internal polling shows an average 9% increase in the vote for their party when named.
Colombian-born Manuela Arbelaez's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during Thursday's show. The model and host Drew Carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the Hyundai Sonata SE before Andrea had finished guessing. Manuela broke down in tears and 'wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear'
Joshua Smith died after falling from a cliff and plunging into the sea. The 16-year-old was plucked from the water by the crew of an RAF rescue helicopter. He was flown to hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. Police are not treating the death as suspicious, but have referred it to the police watchdog.
Jeremy Clarkson is now a green campaigner, according to April Fool's Day reports. Simon Cowell will be put on the £5 note and the Leaning Tower of Pisa is to be turned into a luxury hotel. Tesco's new trampoline aisles and Manchester United's astrological predictions also made up. Police urged Twitter users to vote for their favourite prison inmate to get them freed early.
Will offer consumers the choice to pay for an 'ads-free' version of YouTube for a monthly fee. YouTube will pay creators 55% of the total net revenues from subscription fees  the same percentage associated with advertising revenues. Email promises YouTube Creators will generate additional income beyond what's available today through advertising. Earlier this year, YouTube officially launched its subscription music service.
The state of Oregon on Friday released 94,000 emails involving the fiancee of former Gov. John Kitzhaber, who resigned amid scandal earlier this year. The emails show the very active role that Cylvia Hayes played in his administration, as well as the tension that it sometimes raised with the governor's staff. Hayes routinely attended meetings, was copied on emails among senior staff and requested information or clerical assistance from state employees. She has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails.
Marian Carole Rees was 13 when she disappeared from Hillsdale in southern Sydney in early April 1975. The teenager jumped up to say she had forgotten something and got off the school bus. She hasn't been seen since, however her mother's boyfriend at the time came out to say he thought he spotted her at a bus stop in Kingsford just weeks after she disappeared. Magistrate Sharon Freund said she was unconvinced, on the balance of probabilities, that Ms Rees is dead. Ms Rees would now be 53 years old.
The prize porker, known as Pigwig, had fallen into the pool in Ringwood, Hampshire. His owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when he plunged into the water. Two fire crews had to use slide boards and strops to haul the huge black pig from the pool. Firefighters were also called out to rescue a horse which had fallen in a pool in West Sussex.
Southampton beat Blackburn 2-1 in the Premier League Cup final on Monday night. The two-legged tie ended 1-1 after 180 minutes at St Mary's, with both teams level at 1-0. Ryan Seager had given Saints the lead, but Matt Targett's own goal levelled the tie. Harrison Reed was sent off late on in normal time for a second bookable offence. Sam Gallagher scored the winner in extra time, with a 25-yard long-range strike.
Becca and Dale Litchfield decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at IVF. After two failed rounds of IVF the couple decided to forfeit their wedding dreams. They were overjoyed when they won a wedding competition and were able to get married. Becca gave birth to twins Stanley and Darci-Mai after one final round of fertility treatment. The full-time mother says she and Dale couldn't believe their luck.
Six world powers and Iran are still trying to reach a preliminary accord on reining in Tehran's nuclear program, after failing to agree crucial details such as the lifting of U.N. sanctions by a midnight deadline the day before. President Barack Obama's spokesman refused to give reporters an update on the status of the meetings or scheduling, saying he would leave those announcements to negotiators. But he confirmed that 'the sense that we have is yes, that the talks continue to be productive and that progress is being made' Speculation was swirling on Wednesday afternoon that representatives from the six countries, including the U.
George and Amal Clooney have submitted plans for a 12-seater home cinema. Cinemas are now an 'expected' luxury in properties worth over £10million. Industry experts estimate that cinemas can cost anything from a few thousand to £100,000 to kit out.
Millie Elia, an eighth-grade student from Oak Mountain, Alabama, died following the accident at Mount Cheaha State Park around 4.40pm on Saturday. The teenager had been rappelling on Pulpit Rock with her family and a friend when she fell. In Oak Mountain on Monday, her classmates and teachers mourned the teen, who was part of the Advanced Symphonic Band, the National Junior Honor Society and the Science Club.
Prince of Wales was visiting the Rheged Centre in Cumbria to meet farmers. Noah Ginesi, 16 months, from Penrith, reached out for a hug from the prince. Charles bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother, Genevieve. He was there as part of his work for the Campaign for Wool and The Prince's Countryside Fund. The Prince's eco credentials have come under scrutiny of late, with subject broached in'spider letters'
Currently, a total of 215,462 licences exist compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010. Tamworth, 403km north of Sydney, was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259. Detective Superintendent Mick Plotecki said the United State's popular national gun laws and pop culture was likely to be driving the increase. He said Australians 'don't have a strong gun culture'
Deborah Hutton has released 'My Love Affair with food' cookbook. The 53-year-old media personality is releasing it in collaboration with the Australian Women's Weekly. It features over 40 of her favourite recipes as well as some of her cherished food memories and personal photos. Hutton says she bucks the 'health trend' and is bringing back wholesome cooking and real food recipes that make her happy. 'While its good to have your diet cookbooks and no sugar, these recipes are about the things that make me happy,' she says.
Twitter has officially rolled out its retweet with comment feature, which lets people annotate the tweets of others. The new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages, meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet. Until now, Twitter users had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a URL and then adding a comment, within the 140 character limit. But now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network. Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has already embraced the tool by commenting on a retweet
Ian Guffick asked pupils at Mitton Manor Primary School in Tewkesbury to make changes. The 31-year-old also altered a number of pupil's exam answers himself, a panel heard. This was despite the exam session at the school in Gloucestershire having finished. Department for Education annulled SATs exam results for the entire school. Guffick has been banned from the classroom for at least two years by a conduct panel.
Boeing has filed a patent for a 'transport vehicle upright sleep support system' The 'cuddle chair' is a backpack that fastens to the back of the headrest. Passengers will be able to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption. A 'face relief aperture,' or a face pillow with a hole for breathing, and chest cushion provide added support.
Study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse by parents. Families are using social media to post obscenities, threats, offensive photos and insults. One teacher said they had been called a 'paedophile' for wanting to film a performance. Another teacher received the comment I hope she gets cancer, while a heavily pregnant worker was sworn at, called fat whore and ugly Proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled.
Beatrice Nokes, 21, faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes in London. She is suspected of grooming three young women to sell their bodies for sex. Accused of running the vice ring with 37-year-old Met police officer Daniel Williams. He faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits. Nokes is daughter of two highly experienced legal professionals.
Easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance. In southern Germany, hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional Easter Monday procession on horseback. While in Slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations. A similar age-old tradition takes place in Hungary, where women give the men coloured eggs in return.
Natalie Fletcher's '100 Bodies Across America' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots, forests and ruins. Each work takes between 45 minutes and three hours to complete, with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted. She hopes to complete the entire series by September this year and wants to put out a message of 'love your body'
Claudetteia Love, 17, said she and friends would not go to Carroll High School's prom. Said Principal Patrick Taylor told her she had to wear a dress to Monroe, Louisiana, event. Comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from classmates to gay rights groups and strangers. Now, Principal Taylor and Monroe City School Board President have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all. National Center for Lesbian Rights said pair contacted her to inform her of their decision on April 24. Clutetteia, who is openly gay
The company says it expects the new 'Artisan Grilled Chicken' to be in its more than 14,300 U.S. stores by the end of next week. It says the biggest change is the removal of sodium phosphates, which it said was used to keep the chicken moist, in favor of vegetable starch. The new recipe also does not use maltodextrin, which McDonald's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning. Jessica Foust, director of culinary innovation at McDonald's, said the changes were made because customers said they want
'I believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth in the next decade,' said Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for Nasa, at a Washington panel discussion. 'We are not talking about little green men,' she added, 'We are talking about microbes' Announcement prompted by recent discovery of water by Nasa in surprising places. Jupiter's moon Europa and Saturn's satellite Enceladus are thought to have liquid water beneath their surface in contact with mineral-rich rock. This means they may have the three ingredients needed for life as we know it.
Labour leader vowed to end casual employment contracts that 'undermine living standards and family life' But his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot Labour use them. Freedom of Information requests reveal Labour councils are behind 21,798 zero-hours contracts. 68 Labour MPs also signed up researchers and other staff on the deals. They included shadow health secretary Andy Burnham, shadow chancellor Ed Balls, Mr Milibands parliamentary bag carrier Karen Buck and his election supremo Lucy Powell;. Tory chairman Grant Shapps said: It is the same old hypocrisy from Ed Miliband.
Rudy Guede, 29, is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in Perugia, Italy. Ivory Coast national's DNA was found all over the bedroom where Miss Kercher was found. Knox and ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder. They were conclusively cleared last month by Italy's highest court. Guede was convicted by the same court of being an accomplice to a murder.
James Robarge, 45, from Saxtons River, Vermont was sentenced in court on Friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife, Kelly Robarge. The judge said he took into account the extent to which Robarge went to conceal his wife's killing and body, as well as the couple's history of domestic violence. Robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years. Kelly's brother, Ron Prouty Jr., faced Robarge on Friday and told him, 'I hope you rot in hell'
Professor David Spiegelhalter, a statistician at Cambridge University, said a typical heterosexual couple is now having sex three times a month. This was compared to four times a. month in 2000 and five times in 1990, according to research published in his book Sex By Numbers. He said: 'People are checking their emails all the time, you do not have the same sort of quiet empty time that there used to be'
Louis Jordan, 37, released a three-paragraph statement on Monday in which he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun, wind, waves and sea spray. Jordan was spotted by a German-flagged boat on Thursday, more than two months after sailing out of a South Carolina marina. The Coast Guard began a search on Feb. 8, but it was abandoned after 10 days. 'Keeping dry was vital to my survival,' Jordan said.
Police arrested 12 protesters Thursday when they tried to block trucks heading to the peak of Mauna Kea where one of the world's largest telescopes is being built. While the Native Hawaiian groups do not oppose the Thirty Meter Telescope itself, they disagree with the location of the construction on the Big Island. About 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $250 bail. On Monday, more than 50 protesters formed a roadblock Monday that stopped about 15 vehicles carrying workers up the mountain.
Laura Alicia Caldero, 26, claims she was arrested for suntanning on a private beach. She was allegedly removed from Mamitas Beach in Playa del Carmen, Mexico by armed police. Friends said she was taken away because she refused to pay a fine of about £70. Video footage of her arrest has caused widespread outrage on social media. Police say she was removed because she 'assaulted a group of private guards'
The 30-year-old Los Angeles-based model and animal rights activist is less than a month away from her due date. Sarah Stage has been documenting her pregnancy on Instagram with a series of body-flaunting images showing off her incredibly toned figure. Critics have expressed concern that her trim figure could be harming her unborn child. The model, who is of European and Costa Rican descent, keeps up her incredible figure with regular trips to the gym.
Ronda Blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted. This after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man after school in Rural Hall, North Carolina. Three days later, her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area almost 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride. Surry County Sheriff Graham Atkinson said in a press conference on Monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to getting him. The man was in his early twenties back
Rurik Jutting, 30, is accused of the murder of two young Indonesian women. Their mutilated bodies were found in his apartment in November last year. Jutting was deemed fit to stand trial in November following psychiatric tests. The former Merrill Lynch employee faces life in prison if convicted of murder charges. His case has been adjourned until May 8 after the prosecution asked for more time.
Diane McLean, 58, and her three children lost 'everything but their lives' in the East Village apartment explosion last week. A GoFundMe account has raised more than $87,000 for the family. Dr McLean paid just $1,500 a month for the 1,100-square-foot, four bedroom apartment because it was rent stabilized. Two people died in the explosion, some of them critically.
The 31-year-old London flight attendant has had 30 operations, including four rhinoplasties, liposuction and six-pack implants. He is set to appear on the new season of the E! reality show Botched, this time as a mentor for another patient.
All 36 units at the Redlands House sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment. Graham White, 76, said the property looks'more like a children's playscheme' than sheltered accommodation. Local council defended the colour scheme, claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home.
Jordan Sim-Mutch posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on Facebook. 24-year-old was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries. He was jailed yesterday after admitting to a string of offences at Minsull Street Crown Court. Hours before sentencing, he uploaded picture of himself and fellow gang members in the dock. The photograph was illegally taken by a friend in the public gallery of the court.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, has reportedly closed its doors. Owner Kevin O'Connor says he has been trolled online and received abusive phone calls. His daughter told a local news station they would refuse to cater a gay wedding. Comes after Indiana passed controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act last week. Supporters have raised more than $440,000 for the pizzeria in just one day. Law prohibits state and local government from'substantially burdening' the ability of people to follow their religious beliefs.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. The next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of Finding Neverland, which Weinstein is producing, at the Lunt-Fontanne Theater and posted it on her Instagram. Weinstein, 63, was questioned by the NYPD this weekend and denied the allegations. A source close to The Weinstein Company told Page Six the groping allegations were nothing more than a 'blackmail attempt'
American Eagle Flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport to Wichita Falls, Texas, on Sunday night. The plane left nearly a half-hour late, and the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on. Wichita Falls officials first said that the Eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main, 13,000-foot runway.
The European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67P. On Saturday the spacecraft dipped to within nine miles (14km) of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface. But during the manoeuvre, Rosetta lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into safe mode, causing it to momentarily lose contact with Earth. Esa said it took until Monday to get the spacecraft back into 'normal' status. 'Not the best month to choose to
Charlotte Cobbald, 17, was suffering from anorexia and depression. She was visiting family farm in Acton, Suffolk while on day release from mental health unit. Told her father she felt like a 'failure' and then injected herself with medicine. Inquest heard she was a 'perfectionist' with a desire to be the best at all times. Coroner said she could not be sure that Charlotte meant to kill herself.
Labour's efforts to fight accusations of hypocrisy on zero-hours contracts are in chaos. Party chiefs had scrambled to shore up support for Ed Miliband after it emerged that dozens of Labour councils and MPs employ staff on the controversial contracts, which he has pledged to ban. Parliaments expenses watchdog rejected claims by Labour MPs that they employ zero hours only because they are forced to by the Westminster system. Labour's biggest donor Unite also lost a humiliating tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero hours basis. A benefit fraudster, a boss who
Pete Bennett, 33, from Brighton, won a dream £100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the Channel 4 show in 2006. But the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless. Nine years on the Tourette's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack Hollywood as an actor.
Corinne Gump, 10, and her grandparents, 61-year-old Judy and Bill Schmidt, 63, who were both deaf, were killed in a massive house fire in Youngstown, Ohio on Monday morning. Robert Seman, Jr., 46, was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years. He was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the fire but he was taken back into custody on Monday after it emerged he tried to bribe a witness in the case. Police found Corinne's mother, Lynn Schmidt, at Seman's
The London Book Fair Author HQ event, with Kindle Direct Publishing, is a three-day programme packed with informative seminars for budding authors. Experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry. Experienced authors will reveal how they launched their careers. London Book and Screen Week is running simultaneously from April 13 to 19.
Researchers based at different institutions in Tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears, narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain. They wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction, or to communicate their discomfort to others. The study suggests that as well as expressing their emotional state, the pained faces of rats may have a communicative function They may even use expressions to warn other rats of danger or ask for help.
Klans men Thomas Jordan Driver, 25, David Elliot Moran, 47, and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42, each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder. The FBI was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the Klan, according to an arrest affidavit. In March, the FBI gave the informant a burner cellphone with a doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he'd been fatally shot. Moran and Driver both smiled when they saw the picture, and Driver shook the informant's hand in gratitude.
Nick Cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to Mariah Carey - and she is furious about him betraying her. Mariah rejected Nick's numerous demands for a $30 million divorce settlement so now he's writing the book  saying he plans get his payday for being married to her one way or another. He already signed the deal last week with major publishing company Simon and Schuster. Simon & Schuster has confirmed to Daily Mail Online that the book is being published by Gallery Books, an imprint of the high-powered publisher.
Rachel Chepulis, 26, and Wesley E. Brown III captured in North Bend, Oregon. Couple had been on the run for 19 days and 1,700 miles from North Dakota jail. Brown, 35, was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm. Married felon is thought to have befriended single guard while behind bars. Escape from Devils Lake, North Dakota, is second time he has escaped from jail.
Average British worker will sit through 6,239 meetings in their career, survey finds. 60 per cent say they find most meetings 'pretty pointless', according to Sennheiser poll. 70 per cent said they constantly zone out while in meetings, with average worker switching off after 20 minutes. One in five workers confessed to messing something up due to zoning out in a meeting.
James Paul Harris, 30, originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old James Gerety. He pleaded no contest in December to involuntary manslaughter. Victim's brother called the justice system 'a joke' after learning how long Harris would serve. Prosecutors accepted plea deal because of problems with evidence and witnesses.
Apple's Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April. People can pre-order it at 12.01 Pacific Time (8am BST) on this day. The Watch will then go on general sale on 24 April in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. Any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible for a 50% discount on the standard model and the Sport model. It does not apply to the Edition model, which starts at $10,000 (£8,000) Prices for the
Scottish artist Johanna Basford has sold more than 1.4million copies of her book. Colouring-in titles are now said to be outselling cook books in Australia. The allure is the unadulterated pleasure of doing something for no purpose other than to enjoy it.
Hudea, 4, was pictured by photographer Osman Sagirli in Atmeh refugee camp in Syria. She, her mother and three siblings are believed to have left the camp two weeks ago. It is thought they headed for Idlib - now in the control of Al-Qaeda affiliate Al-Nusra. The Nusra Front-led rebels have promised to impose Sharia law on the city. They are known for its use of suicide bombers and mass executions. Has a reputation for violence only rivaled by the horrors seen in ISIS-controlled territory.
Nicolas Sarkozy was being grilled by judges in a criminal court in Paris today. 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 presidential bid. He is alleged to have got the UMP party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending. Under French electoral law, Sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds. On Sunday, his party made massive electoral gains against the Socialists in regional elections.
David Suchet is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases. His grandson Todd has the rare condition Tuberous Sclerosis Complex. Those with the disease can live a full life but may develop tumours in organs. Todd is the son of Suchets son Robert, a 33-year-old fitness coach. MPs raised concerns that slow NHS decision making was blocking patients with incurable diseases from accessing vital drugs.
Discovery in an Austrian cellar shocked scientists who described it as a'sunken ship in the desert' Genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a Bactrian-dromedary hybrid  a breed popular in the Ottoman army at the time. The cross-breed camel was male, around seven years old and most likely castrated. It was most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the army during the Siege of Vienna in 1683. Battle of Vienna marked the turning-point in the 300-year OttomanHabsburg wars.
U.S. District Court Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old Michelle-Lael Norsworthy violates her constitutional rights. Norsworthy has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has what Tigar termed severe gender dysphoria. She currently is housed at Mule Creek State Prison, an all-male prison in Ione, 40 miles southeast of Sacramento. There are fears she may be raped when becoming a woman.
The 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song, including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem. In an interview published by Christie's auction house New York, where the manuscript was auctioned, McLean says American Pie is about 'heading in the wrong direction' It has long been known that the song about 'the day the music died' refers to February 3, 1959, when rock n' roll icon Buddy Holly and fellow singers Ritchie Valens and J.P. 'Big Bopper' Richardson died in a plane crash. The original manuscript also reveals a deleted
Researchers from Texas A&M School of Public Health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with texting bans. Arizona, Texas, Montana, Missouri, and Oklahoma are the only five states in America that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers. Drivers between the ages of 25 and 40 are the most likely group to get in an accident related to texting and driving.
Mystery man wandered into the London Embassy with no memory of who he is. All he could remember was that he was from the Poznan area of Poland and has a daughter. Taken to hospital after he arrived at the Polish Consulate in central London. Only clue to his identity is a distinctive tattoo of a flower on his right upper arm.
Lu Lu and partner Zhen Zhen'made love' for seven minutes and 45 seconds. Pair set new record for the year at the Sichuan Giant Panda Research Centre. Average length of a 'romp' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes. Female pandas are in heat once a year for between two to four days.
Victoria Prosser, 33, shouted: 'I have to speak out' as David Cameron tried to answer question. She stood up and said: 'There's homeless people on the streets that have been in the services' Cameron replied: 'She makes an important point. She makes a real shame. It's a shame' The mother, from Salford, was later removed from the studio during the debate. Later said she wanted people to question 'the 1% at the top' who she claimed were not working in the country's interests.
Hillary Clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there. There she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking heartbroken The vivid account is written by Kate Andersen Brower, a former White House correspondent for Bloomberg News.
Karen Wakefield and her husband featured in controversial BBC documentary 'People Like Us' The show aimed to show what life was like in Harpurhey, Manchester, but was criticised. Mrs Wakefield took her daughter out of school for six days to go on holiday to Turkey. She has refused to pay two initial £60 and subsequent £120 fines and could be jailed for three months. The mother-of-two said she doesn't like being told by teachers when she can go on holidays. Manchester school said Manchester City Council is pursuing legal action on its behalf.
69% of people taking SSRI antidepressants did not meet criteria for clinical depression. 38% of those taking the drugs didn't meet the criteria for OCD, panic disorder, social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder. Antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric conditions. Prescriptions for anti-depressants have more than trebled since 1998 in the worlds richest countries.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died early Thursday at a care facility in Artesia, California. He and his late wife, Arvella, an organist, started a ministry in 1955 with $500 when he began preaching from the roof of a drive-in movie theater southeast of Los Angeles. In 1980, he built the towering glass-and-steel Crystal Cathedral to house his booming TV ministry, which was broadcast live each week from the cathedral's airy and sunlit 2,800-seat sanctuary. At its peak, in the 1990s, the program had 20 million viewers
Daisy Davis, now eight weeks old, was born with no eyes due to rare disorder. Mother-of-three Danielle Davis, 24, refused a termination when a scan showed a brain cyst. Daisy suffers from Anopthalmia, which means 'lack of eyes', and will never be able to see. She will be fitted with prosthetic eyes when she is 18-months-old for cosmetic reasons. Her parents are now raising awareness of the condition and raising money for RNIB.
Professor Bryan Sykes claims towering woman named Zana lived in 19th Century Russia. Witnesses described her as having 'all the characteristics of a wild animal' and covered in thick auburn hair. Six of her living relatives and the tooth of her deceased son were analysed. They all contained the right amount of African DNA for her to be '100 per cent African' Sykes says her ancestors came out of Africa over 100,000 years ago and lived in the remote Caucasus for many generations. He says he has a strong sense that'something is out there' after speaking to dozens
Hailo claims to have launched a piggy back taxi service. Marmite's psychologists say dark-coloured foods for breakfast can provoke negative feelings. Sainsbury's say three quarters of Britons name separating egg whites from yolks as their biggest challenge. A waterproof microchip stitched into the front and back 'allows you to make secure payments with a pelvic thrust'
Youngster Gabriel is captured on camera standing next to a brown bear at a zoo. The bear, believed to be called Cheyenne, sits partially submerged in the water. As the boy puts his hand up to the glass, the bear moves towards him and rubs its nose against it. Bear then appears to try and bite the youngster through the protective glass. Video concludes with the youngster attempting to coax the bear out of the water before giving up.
Winslet wants to build a 550ft-long wall to protect her £3.25million beachside home. Natural England has recommended her local District Council reject the application. Cites concerns over the 'direct loss' of natural habitat designated for rare birds, trees and wetlands. The actress bought the Grade II-listed house in West Sussex in 2013 and lives there with her husband and three children.
Amy Johnson, 38, allegedly assaulted a 16-year-old McDonald's worker at Stanmore in Sydney's inner west on March 17. She claims the fries had fallen out of their packaging and on request to have them repacked, the teenage attendant did so with her bare hands. Ms Johnson has been charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and common assault. Police say she grabbed the teenager by the neck and scratched her face before a manager intervened.
Justus Howell, 17, was shot twice in the back by police in Zion, Illinois. Officers were called to reports of an argument between him and Tramond Peet, 18, on Saturday. Chief of the Zion Police Department said Howell had just stolen a handgun from Peet. He said the firearm went off and Howell pointed it at Peet - who let go when he heard sirens. Peet has been charged with two counts of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon.
Restaurant owner Sandy Dee Hall, 34, and his girlfriend Maxine Cher, 24, adopted Smokey Da Lamb after he was abandoned by his mother. Smokey is bottle-fed three times a day and needs to be burped like a baby after he has had his formula. He also needs regular baths and can only be washed with water so that his fleece does not shrink. Sandy has even removed lamb dishes from the menu at his restaurant, Black Tree, in tribute to Smokey.
Collection was amassed by George III and has been under lock and key for 200 years. Collection has been digitised and the Queen was at Windsor Castle for the launch. Declared herself'stunned' by the collection, none of which she had seen before. Her Majesty admired the poems, which were written by the Shah of Persia in 1812. Other documents touch on some of the most important events in history, among them the American War of Independence. One particularly significant document was written by Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood.
Four-poster bed was dumped in car park of former Redland House Hotel in Chester. It was later sold at auction for £2,200 to a four-poster bed specialist from Northumberland. TV historian Jonathan Foyle has spent years trying to prove the bed's historical roots. He said DNA testing on the timber proved it once belonged to King Henry VII. The bed features an inscription from the Matthew Bible of 1537 - reading: 'The stinge of death is sinne'
Police went to a home on March 26 in Balch Springs, Texas, to do a welfare check and were told by residents that a two-year-old child had died and a 'rising ceremony' had been performed. The ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child, police claimed, and took place on March 22. A neighbor told Daily Mail Online on Friday that five children under the age of ten, both boys and girls, were also living at the home and had been taken away by Child Protective Services.
Infographic from London furniture company Made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room. Sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically, install heavy curtains and keep pets out. You should also dim your light three hours before bedtime and stop using gadgets and hour before you hit the sack.
Ben Elton took a swipe at Myleene Klass over her criticism of Ed Miliband's mansion tax plans. Comedian said she made her money'showering in a bikini' and should be 'proud to make a contribution' Elton, who distanced himself from the party under Tony Blair, said he was 'back with Labour' Eddie Izzard, Joey Essex and Sally Lindsay also attended rally in Warrington. Ed Miliband announced a £5 billion Future Homes Fund to build 125,000 homes.
Veggie meatballs will be made from chickpeas, peas, carrots, peppers, corn, kale and seasoning. IKEA says new version uses far less energy than pork and beef variety. Veggie balls will go global in April and have 50pc less carbon dioxide than meatballs. Firm sells 5million meatballs in the UK annually and estimates it has sold 11.6billion since 1987.
Admiral said young job seekers fill in application forms using 'text speak' instead of proper words. Cardiff-based insurer said many youngsters failed to string a normal sentence together. Spokesman said: 'We do not ask for any formal qualifications, but we expect the spelling and grammar on the application form to be of a certain standard' Welsh National Assembly report said too many young people were confused about how to grab hold of job opportunities.
Ukip campaign chief Patrick O'Flynn accused Brussels of feeding 'propaganda' to young people. He said 16 and 17-year-olds should not be allowed to vote in a referendum on EU membership. Comes as Ukip accused of performing yet another U-turn on immigration policy. It has ruled out setting a net migration target after Nigel Farage said he would like to see the figure reduced to 30,000.
Mario Ambarita, 21, clambered into the wheel housing of the Garuda Indonesia flight which took off from the main island of Sumatra and flew at 34,000ft to Jakarta. The desperate reason for his actions was simply that he was looking for work He was in a dazed state when he crawled out of the plane's wheel housing at Jakartas Soekarno-Hatta airport.
Leia, an eight-month-old Boxer from Pennsylvania, was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby's pacifier. Footage shows her then sucking on it before closing her eyes and loudly snoring in her sleep. A soothing rendition of Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star is heard playing away in the background.
Giant hammerhead shark chased a fish in the shallows off Destin, Florida. Two swimmers were oblivious to the shark as it chased the fish in pursuit of a stingray. A group of men on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach shouted at them to get out of the water. 'Yeah, now run. That is a massive shark, and it came all the way up to knee level,' said one of the men.
Simona Trasca, 34, said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it. Plastic surgeon Marek Valcu claimed her comments were defamatory and sued her. Ms Trasca was ordered to pay Dr Valcu £1,500 in compensation and take out ads in national newspapers apologising.
Neighbour's leylandii hedge stands 40ft tall and has left parts of her garden in shade. Audrey Alexander claims it has knocked £20,000 off the value of her house in dispute. But Stirling Council has ruled that the hedge can stay, although it has to be cut to 20ft. The High Hedge Act 2013 allows neighbours to complain to the council when a hedgerow blocks sunlight.
Natalie Whitear, 35, suffers from prosopagnosia, also known as face blindness. The condition means she is able to recognise objects, but not faces. She struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street. I recognise people by the way they walk, what they're wearing, or their voices, she said.
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey Circus announced earlier this year that elephants will be phased out of the circus by 2018. The company gave a rare tour of the center where the elephants will live out the rest of their lives. Some of the Asian Elephants will be used for breeding, while others will be left to live out their lives in an undisclosed, 200-acre area of Polk County in central Florida. Ringling says the center is 'all about preserving the Asian Elephant' The Asian Elephant population has gone from 100,000 to between 25,000 and 32,000 over the last
Marc Benioff, CEO of Salesforce, was one of the first corporate executives to react to Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act. He initially canceled all events and suspended employee travel to the state. But on Wednesday he said he was responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state, and is trying to find ways to help them. The San Francisco-based tech company, which offers customer relationship management to other companies, has a total 2,000 employees in Indiana. Benioff's announcement follows one made by Apple CEO Tim
Jo Gilchrist, 27, was left writhing in pain on Valentine's Day when a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine. She has been in Brisbane's Princess Alexandra Hospital ever since and doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria. Ms Gilchrist was told the infection had damaged her spine so severely she would never walk again and would be confined to a wheelchair. 'I honestly thought I was going to die - the pain was worse than childbirth,' she said.
The 68-year-old Pulaski County resident, who was known as Terrill Wayne Newman until Tuesday, has legally changed his name to Gatewood Galbraith. His predecessor, who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema, gained a following for his wit, sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana. Newman filed paperwork on Wednesday to run as an independent for the state's highest office.
John Zelepos, 48, faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses. Prosecutors said he diverted just over $567,000 from Mystic Pizza's gross receipts into his personal bank accounts and those of family members between 2006 and 2010. They say he then filed false tax returns to hide the income. Zelepos is scheduled to be sentenced on June 23.
The 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from South Carolina toward Atlanta when it went off Interstate 85 about 7 am Monday. Members of Atlanta-based band Khaotika and Huntsville, Alabama-based Wormreich were in the van. The van's driver 'apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway, at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side' The three men who died were ejected from the vehicle. Eight others were injured, but their conditions weren't available.
The Cheyenne Mountain Complex is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a Soviet nuclear attack. It was home to the North American Aerospace Command (NORAD), scanning the skies for Russian missiles and the military command and control center of the United States in the event of World War Three. The high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 Cold War thriller War Games and 1994's Stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel. About 1,100 people work in the mountain, long a symbol of the Cold
Seven of the world's most endangered crocodiles flew out of Melbourne on Wednesday en route to their native country. The arrival of these one year olds to the Palawan Wildlife Rescue & Conservation Centre in southern Philippines is part of a major conservation effort for the endangered species. There are only about 250 Philippine crocodiles left in the wild. They were conceived and hatched at the Melbourne Zoo, the first and only Australian zoo to breed them.
Hirotsugu Masuda's firm works almost exclusively with 'lonely deaths', charging between £450 and £2,000 depending on apartment size. In rapidly ageing Japan, more people are dying alone and unnoticed in a country of 127 million where one in four people is over 65. The majority of houses are still littered with unwashed dinner plates, unopened letters and calenders several years out of date.
Geneticists at Harvard University studied ancient human remains. They found hunter gatherers living in Spain up to 8,500 years ago still had dark skin. It was not until 7,800 years ago, when the first farmers migrated from the Near East through Turkey that two genes that produce lighter skin appeared. The first Europeans looked dramatically different to most of the fair skinned people that live there today.
Three men, two women and four children were detained at a checkpoint in Ogulpinar. It is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11-years-old. Turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters trying to reach IS-controlled areas. More than a dozen Britons, including three schoolgirls, have made the journey in recent months.
Roads around the Missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour, with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour. Several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather, though no injuries were immediately reported. The storms, accompanied by thunder and lightning, also hit further north, barreling into parts of Indiana and knocking down trees.
Asma Fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony. The 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at their heads. This was the second time that Asma has been attacked in Sydney in four years. In 2012 a man put his leg between hers and forced her to the ground, spitting abuse at her while she lay on the pavement. She believes that many victims of racial attack have no faith in the legal system and therefore many incidents go unreported.
GIFs are created in the Camoji app. Users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long. Can then add filters and other effects - similar to Instagram. Lets you record a GIF with unique filters and text and share it to your friends.
The 33-year-old and her husband Henry Hager already have a daughter, Mila, who turns two later this month. Jenna and Henry broke the news to her parents, former President George Bush and former First Lady Laura Bush, the day after Christmas. The Today show correspondent is already 20 weeks pregnant and is due in August.
Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood ordered inquiry into claims leaked memo shows SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon wants David Cameron to win the Election. Investigation comes after Ms Sturgeon claimed she was victim of Whitehall 'dirty tricks' Row follows allegation she told French ambassador Sylvie Bermann she would prefer a Tory General Election victory  partly because Labour leader Ed Miliband is not PM material The Scottish First Minister yesterday branded the report as '100 per cent untrue'
Flambards rollercoaster at Flambards in Helston will be tested over the Easter period. Reading on 'fright' decibels will be recorded to see if noise will impact nearby residents. Local planning council is considering 480-house housing development next door. Owner of the park said he was 'amazed' no-one realised the homes will be built nearby. Developer David Martin has applied for outline planning permission for 480 houses.
47% of women aged over 55 regret their career choices, compared to 40% of men. Nearly half of women (47%) admitted that they have suffered from a mental illness. More men than women (22%) wished they hadn't worked so much, and had spent more time with their children. One in five over-55s surveyed admitted to depression due to a missed opportunity at work.
The Planetary Society says Nasa can afford a crewed mission to orbit the Martian moon Phobos in 2033. This would lead up to a landing on the Red Planet in 2039. The Phobos mission would last approximately 30 months, with nine months of travel each way and 12 months in orbit. Crewmembers would be able to study Phobos and Deimos, Mars' other moon, and potentially teleoperate rovers on the Martian surface. Panel said the current plan would use an Orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from Earth into orbit and back down.
Gabby Giffords and her astronaut husband were seen jetting out of Los Angeles on Thursday ahead of the Easter weekend. The former U.S. representative, 44, walked through the airport in California using a cane, hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination. She was accompanied by her husband, retired astronaut Mark Kelly, on the trip, and a young woman who carried several bags. Giffords posted a picture on social media on Wednesday of the couple visiting the Space Shuttle Endeavour at the California Science Center in LA.
University of Sydney ran a 17-week diploma for Year 11 students at Scot's College to skip their year 12 exams and 'buy' their entry into the university. The program was devised by the university's commercial arm, Sydney Learning. Students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses. Eight students gained 'direct entry' to the university after completing the program in 2014, according to a letter sent to parents by principal Dr Ian Lambert, while 166 students completed the HSC. Education Minister Adrian Piccoli has called the program 'unfair' and 'un
Terry Martin, 48, shot his girlfriend Laurice Hampton at their home in Fort Worth, Texas, about 6:30am Saturday. Hampton, critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest, was able to call 911 to report the shootings before she died. Officers found the couple inside their master bedroom where Martin was pronounced dead from a wound to the head. The couple had known each other since childhood and had lived together for several years.
Bowie, 68, has written new songs and arranged older music for the production at the New York Theatre Workshop. He will not perform in the production, titled Lazarus, which he has written with award-winning playwright Enda Walsh, who wrote the hit Broadway musical Once. The show will be spearheaded by Dutch Ivo van Hove, who used Bowie's music in one of his own productions last year.
Domenico Rancadore fled to Britain in the 1990s and was convicted in his absence in Italy for his role as a'man of honour' He was given a seven-year sentence by an Italian court in 1999 for being a member of the Cosa Nostra. In February he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to Italy to serve his sentence. But today it emerged that the 65-year-old's case expired last October and his European Arrest Warrant is to be withdrawn. Italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a
Dr Alex Russell has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years. He has completed a PhD on 'the taste and smell perception of wine' He shares his top tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours. Set aside at least four hours to learn how to smell and taste wine. The main skill experts have believes Russell, is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent.
Gareth Silk, from Cwmbran, south Wales, let his friends plan a stag do in Benidorm, Spain. They were inspired by the hilarious Money Supermarket advert featuring 'Dave's epic strut' The ad features a man dressed in tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down. David Rowles, 38, who filmed the stunt, said the group decided to copy the advert. Wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds.
Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, faced criticism this week after co-owner Crystal O'Connor expressed support for a new Indiana religious objections law. She told a local news station she would refuse to cater a gay wedding if a couple asked for pizza for their ceremony. The pizzeria has raised $500,000 on GoFundMe to help'stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front, activists tearing them down, and no customers coming in' 'Anger. Bitterness. It's something I never expected or imagined when the comments were made,' said her
Kimberly Greenberg, 15, went for a walk near her Santa Monica home on March 24. Teenager became angry and left home to calm down but has not been seen since. Mother Janice Greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help to find her missing daughter. Described Kimberly as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old child.
Anthony Bethell, 74, decided to restore ancient 180-yard hedge between his home and St John's College in Warwickshire. The hedgerow marks boundary between his one-acre plot and college's 1,200 acres of farmland. Retired businessman commissioned a report on the scrubby bushes, with experts recommending repairing the 'neglected, sparse' hedge. But Mr Bethell claims the college has refused to agree with him on the matter and says he has been forced to take the college to court. Both parties have spent £80,000 in legal fees in total, with
The new 'Skywalk' observation deck has opened to the public in Yunyang County, southwest China. The cantilevered platform in Chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level. Its viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the Longgang scenic area - more than 16ft longer than a similar tourist attraction at the Grand Canyon.
Sydney couple Epiphany Morgan and Carl Mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days. They visited 70 cities in 35 countries and visited 35 countries as part of their project 365 Docobites. The pair set themselves a goal of releasing one mini documentary each day for a year. With only seven months to organise everything, Epiphany left her job at a film production company to freelance, while Carl continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency.
Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a musical toast at her wedding. It was also a tribute to their father, Peter, who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago. Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage and the burdens of being married. The toast was such a success that wedding guests gave it a standing ovation.
ISIS has announced plans to open a school of nursing in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa. Laminated document reveals entry requirements for prospective medical workers. Must be 25 years of age, speak fluent English and be willing to work anywhere in ISIS territory. English language checks for all nurses are still not being enforced in the UK. Nursing and Midwifery Council must consult and draft new law before testing EU candidates.
U.S. Treasury will be able to freeze or block assets of those involved in attacks. Follows series of high profile incidents, including Sony Pictures hack and data breaches. Obama said cyber attacks 'pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the United States' Took aim at Russia, China and Iran as he revealed executive order to impose sanctions.
Yoko Ono has led the tributes to John Lennon's first wife Cynthia. She said she was 'proud' how she and Cynthia had'stood firm in the Beatles family' Cynthia Lennon, 75, died at her home in Spain yesterday following a short battle with cancer. The second wife of the Beatles singer married Lennon in 1962 and stayed with him as he rose to global stardom with The Beatles. But the pair divorced in 1968 after Cynthia discovered her husband's relationship with the Japanese artist. Yoko posted a picture of the two women with their sons Sean and Julian
12-year-old Bluey has a growl louder than most cats can miaow. She has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder. Despite her fearsome sound, Bluey is said to be gentle and loving.
Laura Mary Sumner has been ordered to leave Russia after being branded a'spy' The 24-year-old was given ten days to leave the country after being fined £23.50 for a visa violation. But Russian media reports have branded her 'Agent Sumner' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot. Ms Sumner was researching Soviet rule from 1917 to 1921 as part of her PhD under Professor Sarah Badcock of Nottingham University.
8,000 women in their 70s are diagnosed and treated for breast cancer. MPs are warning that women will die as a result of the screening age limit. Extending the age for routine mammograms would mean earlier diagnosis and more lives saved. But critics argue this is not high enough.
Six in ten full-time working Brits are too busy to clean their homes each week. One in eight haven't vacuumed at all this year so far; a fifth never dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before. Other top 'cleaning sins' include leaving hair in the plug hole and only changing bed sheets once a month.
Jefferson County Circuit Judge Laura Petro on Thursday dismissed the case against Anthony Ray Hinton. The district attorney's office told the judge Wednesday that their forensic experts couldn't determine if six crime scene bullets came from a gun investigators took from his home. Hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near Birmingham. U.S. Supreme Court last year sent Hinton's case back for a potential new trial, which prompted a re-examination of the evidence. Prosecutors linked Hinton to the killings through a.38-caliber revolver found at his house.
'Well you know, Malia had asthma when she was four, and because we had good health insurance, we were able to knock it out early,' the president told ABC News chief health correspondent, Dr. Richard Besser, in an interview that aired on Good Morning America. The president said he can'relate to... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says, "Daddy, I'm having trouble breathing"' Obama said the health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for his daughter - who at the age of
Chelsea Clinton allegedly called the Secret Service 'pigs' as a young girl, according to Ronn Payne, a former White House florist. The 1960s-era epithet was a counter-culture epithet for law enforcement. Chelsea now runs the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which wouldn't respond to questions about the incident. But Payne's recollection is just the tip of the iceberg in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 White House domestic workers. One said the Clintons were 'about the most paranoid people I'd ever seen in my life' Another said
Detlef Guenzel, 57, chopped Wojciech Stempniewicz into pieces and buried them in his garden. He was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead in Dresden court. Prosecutors had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the father-of-three. Lawyers for victim's family had asked for 15-year sentence, usually the maximum in murder cases.
Prescott City Attorney Jon Paladini claims the lone survivor, lookout Brendan McDonough, heard the leader of the Granite Mountain Hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned. Paladini says he was told the order came just before winds whipped Yarnell Hill into a deadly, all encompassing firestorm. He also says he heard crew chief Eric Marsh and his deputy Jesse Steed arguing over making the move, which would prove deadly.
Regulator Ofgem said E.ON's'repeated failings' on billing rules were 'absolutely unacceptable' E.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers after price rises. Firm has refunded £8 to £12 to 40,000 customers who paid by direct debit or cheque.
Bus broke down en route to Stagecoach depot in Dover, Kent, last week. Driver was forced to ask passengers, colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand. Group managed to roll the huge bus - which can carry up to 80 passengers - through the streets and on to the local depot. Moment was captured by Dover resident Stephen Davies, 57.
42 per cent of Britons polled said they supported shale gas extraction. Only 35 per cent disagreed with using controversial technique, according to Greenpeace poll. Anti-fracking campaign group was accused of trying to bury the inconvenient survey result. Findings were hidden in a footnote to a Greenpeace press release by the environmental group.
The United States' National Defense Reserve Fleet was set up after the Second World War in 1945. At its peak in the 1950s, the fleet consisted of nearly 2,280 ships moored across the United States. But as the need for the fleet has diminished, so has the number of vessels. Today, just over 120 ships remain, posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored. The worst affected bay is Suisun Bay, California where less than 50 ships remain.
Hannah Brierley, 16, thought her mother was playing a prank when she spotted the six foot-long northern pine snake on a bath mat. She stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved and quickly called for her 40-year-old mother, Karen Marriott, to come upstairs. Mrs Marriott attempted to call the RSCPA at 7am yesterday but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999. Det Con Craig Wallace, who keeps snakes, overheard the call and used a pillowcase to capture it. He believes the snake may be a family pet
Zayn has been accused of cheating on Perrie Edwards on four occasions. The most recent accusation was made by Swedish model Martina Olsson. Perrie and Zayn have jetted off on a'make or break' holiday this week. Tracey Cox says that Zayn's level of fame will be difficult for someone so young.
Barrick Gold reached settlement when women threatened to file lawsuit in US. One of the women was just 14-year-old girl when she was raped in 2010 in Papua New Guinea. She and classmates had made string bags for police officers patrolling Porgera gold mine. Several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an ATM. But she was taken to the mine site where she claims one of the armed policemen raped her.
Tracey Cox says that dysfunctional people are most likely to break your heart. She offers six behavioural traits to look out for in a potential partner. Tracey says that if he doesn't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship. The more hang-ups they have, the more you'll be used as their therapist.
April 2 is Autism Awareness Day. Autism Assistance Dogs are used to keep a child with autism safe. They are an incredible tool to help them develop social skills. The dog can provide companionship for the child, as well as social and emotional support for the parent to bring joy and 'brightness' to the household.
Fossils of a creature bearing a'striking' similarity to depictions of Nessie have been found in a 19th century collection. Originally belonging to writer and geologist, Hugh Miller, the specimens now sit in Inverness Museum and Art Gallery. The fossils were rediscovered when the president of the Official Loch Ness Monster Fan Club, Gary Campbell, was invited to the museum and spotted them. He saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature. Pterichthyoides milleri roamed Earth's freshwater lakes during the Paleozoic Era, between 542 million and
The 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried. She somehow survived and was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity. Theia is scheduled to undergo surgery in a few weeks time after raising money through crowdfunding.
Research led by the University of Montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements. During recovery periods between periods of exercise, it didnt matter what food was eaten. Performance remained the same after resting for several hours. Levels of glycogen - used by muscles as fuel - were actually slightly higher after fast food was used as a recovery food.
The patent was filed by the California-based firm in March 2011 and awarded earlier this week. It details a method of scanning a user's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position. If the scanned face matches a previously taken photo, the phone unlocks automatically. Apple's proposed system tracks the movement of the phone to determine whether it is being used, or is placed flat on a table. Android Lollipop users already have an almost identical feature known as 'Trusted face'
The pope has repeatedly lamented Christian suffering in the Middle East, Africa and elsewhere. Those chosen to take turns carrying the cross were faithful from Iraq, Syria, Nigeria, Egypt and China. Tens of thousands of tourists, pilgrims and Romans held candles as they watched. Good Friday commemorates Jesus' death by crucifixion. Francis will celebrate Easter Mass in St. Peter's Square on Sunday.
Experts say the new 6.2 mile-stretch (10 kilometres) means the full range of the Qin Dynasty Great Wall can be traced for the first time. Nine sections of the Wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the Yellow River in Gansu province and the Ningxia region. The first complete Great Wall was built during the reign of China's first emperor, Qin Shihuang, from about 220 BC.
The United States Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) revealed the recall on Tuesday. The type of baby food being recalled is 'Stage 2 Beech-Nut CLASSICS sweet potato & chicken,' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars. Jars with the product numbers '12395750815' and ending at '12 395750821' are being recalled, all of which have the establishment number 'P-68A' FSIS has received no additional reports of injury or illness from consumption of these products.
A beanie believed to belong to Luke Shambrook has been located. It was located on Monday afternoon, west of the Devils Cove and Candlebark campsite in Lake Eildon National Park - north-east of Melbourne. Police remain hopeful they will find the boy who went missing from the campsite on Friday. The 11-year-old, who is autistic, was reportedly seen walking near the Devils River on Sunday, four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen.
The mother who crashed a car into a lake near Melbourne has been released from custody after being interviewed by police. Officers say Akon Guode was interviewed as part of the ongoing investigation into the deaths of three children. The children's Sudanese mother, 35, was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 Toyota Kluger when it crashed into the lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west just before 4pm on Wednesday. One-year-old Bol and twins Madit and Anger all died after the 4WD they were in plunged into the water. Joseph Manyang, the father of the
Luke Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father's SOHO nightclub in Kings Cross, inner Sydney in May 2013. Lazarus hired Back Schwartz Vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm, who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction. He also contested the five year-maximum sentence he received. Waverley mayor Sally Betts wrote a glowing character reference for Lazarus 'out of loyalty to the family' She is now developing 'a new risky behaviour education program to try and help young women
Labour leader prompted claims he was worried about upsetting 'union paymasters' Magazine carries tributes from nearly every major party leader to people who work for themselves. David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon all feature. But there is no message from Mr Miliband in the special Election edition.
Danny Eckhart, a volunteer cop in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, is accused of stealing a patrol boat and taking it for a joy ride. Police say he took it out on the Tchefuncte River and smashed it into pilings outside the T-Rivers Bar in Madisonville. No one was injured in the crash. Eckhart faces charges of unauthorized use of a vehicle and operating a vehicle while intoxicated.
Mike Holpin, 56, is engaged for the fourth time to Diane Morris, 46, from Erith, Kent. He is said to have cost taxpayers £4.3million in benefits and care costs by fathering so many children. One of his sons said he wishes he'd never met his father, who he calls a 'p***head' Holpin's fiancee Diane Morris said: 'He's a good guy. He's been unfaithful but that's all in the past' His youngest child, a three-year-old girl, was born after he helped couple
The Typhoon is powered by two Eurojet EJ200 engines and is 49ft (15 metres) long from tip to tip. To counteract even the slightest shifts in gravitational pull, engineers build the jet on 'floating' concrete rafts that move in sync with the moon. These rafts measure 59ft (18 metres) and 9.8ft (3 metres) thick and are used to house the measuring equipment. Two laser trackers and nine jacks are positioned on a single surface, to make sure all movement is relative. They control the alignment of the barges by cancelling
Children who ate a diet high in saturated fats and cholesterol had slower reaction times and a poorer working memory when they were given a task-switching game to complete. Scientists at the University of Illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours. The game was designed to test cognitive flexibility, which is our ability to shift attention, select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task. Their performance was then compared with a food diary that the children had completed with the help of their parents.
Phil Smith, 25, scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in Cottingham, Hull. But he fell and fractured his skull and suffered a bleed on the brain. He was placed in a medically induced coma at Hull Royal Infirmary, but died five days later on April 9. His parents have paid tribute to their 'lovely son' with a 'natural talent with children'
Owners in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn. Neighbours have reported issues with drains, street-lights, cracks in front doors, gaps between interior doors and the architrave, loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street. Liz Brindley, 31, who was one of the first people to move into a property in May last year, said: This was meant to be our first dream home, but it has turned into more like hell. It is unbelievable'
Sheldon Silver's son-in-law Marcello Trebitsch, 37, was charged Monday with running a $7million Ponzi scheme. The Brooklyn resident was in court on Monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading. Trebitsch is married to Silver's daughter Michelle, a certified public accountant who 'kept the books' Silver himself was arrested in January for allegedly taking $4million in brides and kickbacks since 2000. Silver has viciously denied the charges, and has said he is
Problem was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. It was posted on Facebook by television presenter Kenneth Kong and went viral. People across the world have been trying to solve the puzzle, which tests logical reasoning. One man said: I did not have a bleeding clue! I wish I were as clever to answer something like this. But my brain just doesnt work like that
The Sainsbury's app is in development and will be trialled in Wandsworth later this year. As customers scan their household items, a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices. These prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale, or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example. The map appears on the app when the registered phone joins a store's Wi-Fi network. It will help shoppers plot the best route to take through the store.
Aaron Stringer, of Bakersfield, California, Police Department, 'loves playing with dead bodies' Allegedly pulled on the toes and yanked on the head of Ramiro James Villegas, 22, after he was shot dead by cops on November 13. Trainee officer who was with him at the time said Stringer said 'tickle tickle' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the man's feet. Stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in November.
Leza Davies, 33, from Telford, Shropshire, believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy. She decided to have a boob job and saved up £4,000 to go from a 34A to a 34D. Three years ago she was sorting through some laundry when she caught her breast on a door frame. Rubbing the sore area, she felt a pea-sized lump and her husband Tristan, 36, urged her to visit her GP. Hospital tests revealed the lump was cancerous and she had six months of chemotherapy, followed by radi
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack, and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New York, at the time, and relatives said he has never got on with the family. He has a long history of drug arrests and is
Amy Wilkinson, 28, claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit. She was living in a home owned by her mother and her partner. Wilkinson was ordered to pay back £17,604 that she claimed over two years. Her grandfather, Tommy Docherty, now 86, was manager of Manchester United from 1972 until 1977.
Cheng Chen, 27, spent six months researching and building the replica. The finished product is two metres high, weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet, gloves and backpack. But Cheng said he was was too 'chubby' to fit into it and had to ask his nephew to model it for him.
Frances Clarkson, 53, spent Easter weekend with family and friends in Barbados. She has previously holidayed on the Caribbean island with the 54-year-old broadcaster. But the pair, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years. Clarkson was sacked from Top Gear last month after a 'fracas' involving a producer. He left Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment after punching him at a hotel in Yorkshire.
Two black candidates were among three people elected to the Ferguson City Council Tuesday. The election means that half of the six-member city council in Ferguson, a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black, will now be African-American. This just over one month after the Department of Justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city. It was the first municipal election in Ferguson since officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown, who was black and unarmed, on August 9.
A wallaby 'punched' a wombat who invaded his personal space while he was grazing in a Victorian National Park. Shocked onlookers started filming the native pair at the Wilsons Promontory National Park, in the Gippsland region in southeast Victoria. The wallaby turned around and gave the wombat a little crack on the nose after it got a little too close for comfort.
Sam Barton, 22, was egged on Easter Monday in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands. Believes culprits tracked him down using Facebook posts and attacked him in street. Spent £55,000 on reconstructive surgery and beauty treatments to turn himself into 'perfect man' Two nose jobs have cost £10,400, although one was free on the NHS. He blew £2,000 a night on £300 bottles of expensive fizz and racked up £25,000 in credit card debts.
The hometown of Stephanie Scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher. More than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies in Canowindra on Sunday morning. Hundreds gathered to mark the tragic death of the bride-to-be who was allegedly murdered on Easter Sunday. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the 26-year-old's murder. Police found a camera with images of a burned body and blood in his white Toyota Hilux. Ms Scott's body was dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle.
The phone belonged to Bella Crooke who lost it at a friend's birthday party on Saturday night. It was handed in to Albury Police Station on the NSW-Victoria border on Sunday morning. Police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and photos of the phone in various locations around the police station on Bella's Facebook page. The post was quickly shared by the woman's friends who labelled police 'legends' for their unusual approach to tracking down the phone's owner.
Ruth Davison is director of policy and external affairs at National Housing Federation. Leading critic of Tory plan to extend 'right to buy' scheme to housing association tenants. But she is a Labour party member and owns a £1million house in Islington, London.
The mother-to-be, whose name is Injaz, was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009. Injaz was six years old this week and is said to have conceived naturally. Dr Nisar Wani, scientific director of the Reproductive Biotechnology Centre in Nad Al Sheba, Dubai, said the camel is expected to give birth to a calf late this year. He said: She has conceived in a natural way. This will prove cloned camels are fertile and can reproduce the same as naturally produced camels
Hawaiian-born Dustin Wong, 31, abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company. Inspired by ancient Hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape, he has journeyed from the Arctic Circle to Australia. He hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse world we live in and encourage them to protect the planet.
Until now doctors assumed babies' brains were not developed enough to feel pain. Means newborns often go without painkillers, even during invasive procedures. But research by doctors at Oxford University found babies feel pain and have low pain thresholds. Brain scans showed infants' brains react in much the same way as adults when given mild pain.
Lori Smith filmed her pooch Boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door. With the door jammed, it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time. After more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps, Boomer appears resting in the same position.
A study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35am as the most hectic, frenzied time of day in Australian households. Breakfast is the top priority for parents - with an average of 140 hours spent making breakfast each year (equivalent to 25 minutes a day) Australian kids eat nut spreads 6.7 times a week. Sophie Falkiner, a TV presenter, model and mother of two, believes nuts are high in protein and good for fussy eaters.
Local campaigners are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme. They want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds. £60 million of public money has been pledged by Boris Johnson and George Osborne - £30 million each  for the project. The bridge will close for private, corporate events once a month and shut between the hours of midnight and 6 am.
Third of parents say they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep. Eurythmics' There Must be an Angel came second on the top ten list, followed by Vanilla Ice's Ice Ice Ice Baby. Frank Sinatra's My Way also proved popular with parents, as did Dolly Parton's Island In The Stream. One rock 'n' roll classic made the cut, Sweet Child O'Mine by Guns 'N' Roses.
Self-styled Mirreyes (my kings) enjoy 'ostentatious spending, exhibitionism and narcissism' and are 'placed above all others' They are often the sons and daughters of government officials, wealthy businessman and other members of Mexican high society. Although their displays of wealth can be embarrassing, they can also lead to political and legal advantages. One such individual, Jorge Alberto López Amores, jumped off a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil during the 2014 World Cup and vanished without a trace.
Hospitals in Reading and Norfolk on standby in case Duchess leaves capital. Kate is nearing the end of her pregnancy and is currently staying at Kensington Palace, less than two miles from the Lindo Wing at St Marys where Prince George was born. Princess Margaret was the last member of the Royal Family to be born outside London.
The'screw' measures an inch (2cm) long and was found in Russia in the 1990s. It was collected by a UFO and paranormal research team called the Kosmopoisk Group. The group has not said what the screw is made of, or given any detailed information about it. Russian researchers believe the unusual object is 300 million years old, leading some people to claim that it may be proof of a highly advanced lost human civilisation, or even the work of aliens. But experts suggest that there may be a more earthly answer   that the screw
Nathan Sellers went on the show with his ex, Lia Palmquist, and accused her of sleeping with every member of the Wu-Tang Clan during one night. Palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the Wu, but denied that she did anything sexual with them. Sellers wasn't buying anything that his ex-girlfriend had to say and told the judge: 'She gave Wu some tang'
Dartmouth is the only Ivy Leage school in an early presidential primary state, making it an intellectual hotspot for candidates looking to read the younger generation's tea leaves. Of 50 students who said they followed presidential politics enough to comment, just nine told Daily Mail Online that the former secretary of state would make a good U.S. chief executive. Twenty-two of the 50 Dartmouth students interviewed mentioned the deadly 2012 terror attacks in Benghazi, Libya as a black mark on Clinton's record. Many of them, like freshman Cameron Poole, weren't old enough to drive when it happened. 'I
Man, 25, was born at Luton and Dunstable Hospital in September 1989. He was readmitted three months later after suffering a serious brain haemorrhage. Doctors failed to give him a vitamin K injection to help the blood clot and prevent internal bleeding. The man now requires 24-hour care and will do so for the rest of his life. Secretary of State for Health admitted liability, accepting the hospital breached duty of care. Judge Michael Yelton today approved the £7.3 million compensation settlement.
Robert Durst, 71, pleaded not guilty to two state gun charges in Louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to LA to face murder charges. The weapons arrest has kept Durst in New Orleans even though he waived extradition to California, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of a longtime friend. Durst's lawyers, DeGuerin and Billy Gibbens, have said repeatedly that he just wants to go to California to deal with that charge.
GoFundMe told Daily Mail Online that 'after review by our team, the campaign set up for Officer Slager was removed due to a violation of GoFundMe's terms & conditions' A separate fundraising campaign was started on site, Indiegogo, titled the 'Michael T. Slager Support Fund' and featured a picture of Slager in his police uniform. As of Thursday at 11am, it had raised $393 of a $5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on Wednesday. One of the individuals who donated listed their name as 'Trayvon' -
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. The mother-of-two underwent the procedure last week and is expected to make a full recovery.
SII Deutschland's SANTO seat is one-and-a-half times the width of a standard aircraft seat. It aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety for obese passengers. Beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the Passenger Comfort Hardware award. Crystal Cabin Awards were awarded as part of the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg.
Fake fundraising page set up for Stacey Eden, 23, who stood up for a Muslim couple being abused on a Sydney train. Ms Eden stood up to a middle-aged woman who was abusing Brisbane couple Hafeez and Khalida Bhatti on the Airport Line train on Wednesday. Her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by Daily Mail Australia on Thursday morning. New South Wales police are investigating the incident.
An American soldier was killed in a shooting incident Wednesday in the eastern Afghan city of Jalalabad. At least two other U.S. troops were wounded when an Afghan soldier opened fire at them. The incident happened after a meeting between Afghan. provincial leaders and a US Embassy official in the. compound of the provincial governor. NATO confirmed one of its soldiers died in the attack, without providing the nationality of the slain soldier. It was the second fatality suffered by NATO since the beginning of the year.
Ramon C. Estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died on Sunday. He was scheduled to have dialysis Friday at the prison's treatment center, but a technician did not show up on Friday or Saturday. Six other inmates had been waiting for dialysis treatment and were taken to a hospital for evaluation. Four of them were treated, and one of the four remained hospitalized Tuesday afternoon.
John T. Booker Jr, 20, charged with multiple terror offenses, including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction and providing material support to a foreign terrorist organization. He allegedly planned to drive a van bomb built by FBI informants into Fort Riley in Kansas. Booker was shown how to arm the bomb and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by undercover agents before being arrested around 9am on Friday. A religious leader who had counseled the 'troubled' young man said that he was mentally ill. The 20-year-old, who refers to himself as Muhammad Abdullah
Clinton's black conversion van hit 73 mph in a 55 mph zone in Claremont, NH on Monday and 92 mph in Concord, NH two hours later. Clinton's lone official event on Monday was a small-business roundtable in Keene. She dined and partied at the home of former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen, who hosted a 'Ready For Hillary' house party in February. Larsen is a longtime Clinton loyalist who endorsed Hillary's presidential bid in 2007. A political operative close to Shaheen's office said the meeting was meant to include a discussion
Chloe Pearsall, 26, Joanne Fisher, 36, and Barbara Holcroft, 63, were jailed for nine months each. Nicole Howley, 25, was jailed for two years after she was found guilty of ill-treating a person as a carer under the Mental Capacity Act. Judge Sean Enright said he had 'put aside his own personal revulsion' to find a just, proportionate sentence The four workers waged their hate-filled campaign throughout 2013 and told one elderly resident that she was working in a brothel.
Richard Attenborough's possessions are going up for sale at auction house Bonhams. His son Michael said: 'It is simply not possible to keep it all, even though we would absolutely love to. We do not have the room for it' One of the most prized items is the cane used by Hammond in Jurassic Park. The top contains a prehistoric mosquito preserved in amber, from which DNA used to create the dinosaurs in the park was extracted.
The Shepherd's Crown will be set in the Discworld universe and will be published in September. Book will feature Tiffany Aching, a witch-in-training who has featured in four of Sir Terry's books to date. The character first appeared in 2003 in The Wee Free Men, and went on to feature in another three books. Plot of the final Discworld book has not yet been revealed, but the shepherd in the title could refer to her grandmother, Sarah Aching.
The intrepid social media giants were sent by Europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days. The campaign team involved five Danes and three Scots who set out in March to capture some of the area's prized landscapes and landmarks. Their breathtaking findings have been seen by a combined following of over one million users, with the team proving that Isle of Skye is the perfect road trip destination.
Dozens of animal welfare complaints made after horse attempted to jump Peugeot 206. One animal can be seen crashing head first into turf, dismounting rider, after trying to scale vehicle. A number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on March 28. Complaint sent to welfare officers warned that'someone could have been killed' at event. Organiser says car was intended to be a 'photographic prop' on the day.
Dove grey suit was once worn by notorious Nazi leader Hermann Goering. Experts used sweat stains on the uniform to link it to the overweight German commander. It is now expected to fetch £85,000 when it goes under the hammer in Plymouth, Devon. Goering was well known for being overweight and the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer.
Abdelkrim Elmezayen, 13, was pulled dead from the water at the scene shortly after 6pm on Thursday. His brother Abdelkrim, 8, died a day after his family's car hurtled off the road and into a Los Angeles harbor. Firefighters rushed to the port in San Pedro when passers-by heard cries for help. The family of four had been driving out of a parking lot on Berth 73 when the vehicle, driven by the boys' father, veered off the edge of the harbor.
Janet Street-Porter posted a picture of herself on Twitter with the caption Just met Nicola Sturgeon lookalike out canvassing! She had no idea of the outrage her light-hearted comment would provoke from Nicola Sturgeon's supporters. She was called ugly, vile, someone who deserves to die and one wit hoped I would catch malaria
Four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses. The men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year old - collapsed on the vessel on Good Friday, forcing it to dock near the Opera House. One man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit, including blue ones with scissor stamps on them, a friend told police. On Friday afternoon, about 800 partygoers poured off the Bella Vista boat after the party came to an end.
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been found alive after five days in the bush. The autistic boy was found in thick bushland off Skyline Road, Eildon, north-east of Melbourne. He was spotted by a police helicopter after peering out from behind trees. A camera on the helicopter captured the dramatic moment rescuers reached Luke on the fifth day of an increasingly desperate search, with a police officer the first on the scene. His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss
Comfortably Numb is a single-use device that eases the pain of an injection by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient's skin within 60 seconds. Device is 3D printed and consists of two sealed chambers containing the chemical ammonium nitrate and water. A simple twisting motion moves the chambers into alignment to allow the chemicals to flow through the chamber to produce a rapid endothermic reaction. The skin can then be numbed by contacting the device's metal surface to the skin. Team from Rice University in Houston said the device could be used in the future for those having
Tate Britain chiefs believe chance discovery of 1946 export permit will bolster claim. They believe Beaching A Boat, Brighton was legitimately brought to Britain from Hungary. Document seeks permission for transfer of artworks from Budapest to Zurich. It is the latest twist in an increasingly fraught dispute between the Tate and the descendants of the painting's original owner, Baron Ferenc Hatvany, who died in 1958.
The hazardous material was discovered last month as crews prepared to replace the mayoral mansion's leaky roof. Officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to Mayor Bill de Blasio and his family, who will remain in the home during the renovation. The cost of removing the asbestos will be about $250,000 and the replacement of the mansion's 30-year-old roof should cost an additional $3.4 million.
After months of grey skies and miserable weather, the sun is finally out. If you are looking to celebrate the wonderfully balmy weather by taking a dip, there are lots of places to try. Lidos, which are seeing a resurgence as more money is ploughed into renovation and redecoration, are a good first port of call. Here are ten of the best swimming locations in the country.
'Chris' was shot in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in Khost. His son Muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack. He says it is the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him because of his time spent helping the British Government. The 26-year-old worked with elite units including the SAS and Royal Marines.
James Bond would have died minutes into Skyfall after being hit by a depleted uranium shell. The radioactive round 'would have turned his lungs inside out and killed him' He would also have died or been critically injured several times during the two hour film. Other movies to undergo medical assessment were Die Hard, Castaway and Home Alone. While Bruce Willis' character, John McClane, would not have survived Die Hard.
Couple were having sex at Three Bridges playing fields in Crawley, West Sussex. Workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair were semi-naked. One man can be heard asking Why would you do that? before describing it as well funny' Another claims to his colleagues that its the second time the pair got down to business, branding it round two It came on hottest day of the year so far and warmest April ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1C at St James's Park
Military officials in Kazakhstan have introduced a Miss Army competition in the hope of encouraging more recruits. The Kazakhstani Ministry of Defence has chosen 123 of its prettiest female soldiers and posted their photos online. Voting began this week and the competition is open until the 10th of May. Sergeant Aigerim Karakuchukova is the front-runner so far with more than 1,100 votes.
Clare Van Santen, 37, was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 when she was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child, Elijah, now aged nine. Ten years on, the Perth mother-of-five has been told her cancer is terminal. The cancer has spread to her liver, shoulder, and brain, and is inoperable. She has a bucket list of things she wants to do with her children: Keisha, 20, Susan, 17, Nikita, 14, Jack, 12, and Elijah, 9, in the time she has left. Ms Van Sant
The quadruplets were born on January 25 at Tobu Zoo in Saitama prefecture, Japan. They were let out into their glass cages for the first time on April 22. Curiosity soon got the better of the cubs, who began playing around the water area. One fell into the play pool, and his brothers ran to the rescue. It took two kitties at least three attempts to pull him out.
Mother-of-three Michelle Schwab, 38, has been charged with child endangerment. She allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in Cleveland Metroparks Zoo before he slipped and fell on Saturday. Schwab and her husband jumped into the pit to retrieve the child, who was treated for a leg injury. The mother-of three has a degree in therapeutic childcare and is assistant director at a childcare center in Columbus, Ohio. A spokesman for KinderCare said she has taken a leave of absence from her management role.
The Salty Dog 502 vehicle is one of two Unmanned Carrier Air Vehicle demonstrators (UCAS-D) on the X-47B program. Earlier today, it plugged its in-flight refuelling (IFR) probe into the hose of an Omega Air KC-707 tanker off the coast of Maryland. The drone is about the size of an F/A-18 Super Hornet, weighs in at 44,000 lb (20,000kg) and has a 62ft (20m) wingspan.
John Foran's wife Nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry when he found the shard. The £2 ready meal was bought from an Iceland Foods store in Newport, South Wales. Iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry.
Eric Isaiah Adusah has been charged with the murder of his pregnant wife. Charmaine Spears, 41, was found face-down in a bath in a hotel in Koforidua, Ghana. Her brother Paul Speirs said that his sister had never touched drugs and it was 'an outrageous lie' to say his family were all addicts. He said his sister, who had an eight-year-old son from a previous relationship, would not have taken any such substances of her own accord.
The University of Michigan yanked an upcoming screening of the Oscar-nominated drama American Sniper over student complaints but quickly did an about-face after news of the cancellation sparked a firestorm on campus. The school tweeted out a statement saying the decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @Umich places on freedom of expression' Vice president for student life E. Royster Harper acknowledged that it was a mistake to call off the screening. The movie will be shown at the originally scheduled time and location, Harpers statement read.
Google executives and employees donated more than $1.6 million to Obama's two White House campaigns, and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both. White House visitor logs show Google employees have been in the White House more than 230 times since Obama took office  approximately once per week. At least 190 of those meetings were with senior officials, and more than 60 featured Google lobbyist Johanna Shelton. There have been allegations that Google's up-close-and-personal relationship with the West Wing earned it a reprieve from what would have been an earth-shaking Federal Trade Commission antitrust
J.B. Silverthorn, 44, of Orchard Park, New York, got charged with a DUI moments after being convicted for his first on Monday. Police say they repeatedly told him to not drive home from Grand Island Town Court after they noticed he'smelled of alcohol' and was 'intoxicated' But the suspect reportedly proceeded to get in his car and pull out of the parking lot before being stopped by deputies. Silverthorn was charged with felony DUI, meaning he could serve a minimum of one year in jail. He was also booked for driving without headlights.
Aaron Hernandez was sentenced to life in prison without parole on Wednesday for the 2013 murder of Odin Lloyd. He was taken to the maximum-security MCI Cedar Junction prison in Walpole, Massachusetts after court. The 700-inmate facility is just a mile and a half from Gillette Stadium, where Hernandez used to play tight end for the New England Patriots. In 2012, the Patriots extended Hernandez's contract for five years in a $40million deal.
Police are searching for Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, charged with killing his wife Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, 21, at the Dunkin' Donuts in Hanover, Maryland. Patrons called police Sunday night shortly after discovering no workers at the store. An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in the kitchen area. Police said Patel's husband hit her multiple times with an object and then fled. Patel has been charged with first-degree murder and is considered to be dangerous.
Evita Nicole Sarmonikas died while undergoing plastic surgery in Mexico last month. The 29-year-old from the Gold Coast died during the operation at the Hospital Quirurgico del Valle in Mexicali, the capital city of the Mexican state of Baja California. Her family flew to Mexico to collect her body after an official autopsy. They were told to have her body cremated before an autopsy could be carried out. It has now been revealed that Dr Victor Ramirez lost another patient just a year before her death. Roseann Falcon Ornelas died
Ozzie the goose was close to being put down numerous times after he broke his leg. His appeal for help led to a South African tech company to manufacture him a new limb. The new leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg to fit him perfectly. It is believed to be the first 3D printed prosthetic limb for an animal in South Africa.
The 'Very Blokey Joke Book' by Jake Harris contains an offensive joke about domestic violence. It was displayed in the high street brand's menswear department and is also available on Amazon. Twitter users branded the joke 'horrific' and'staggeringly offensive' and demanded action from the clothing brand. River Island has apologised and pulled the book from sale.
HBO drama Game of Thrones has some of the most powerful female characters on TV. Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen, believes the show has great female characters. She said: 'As women, we accept our femininity and take strength from it, as opposed to trying to hide it and behave in a masculine way'
Frank and Christine Bleakley are engaged to be married after five years of dating. Frank's ex-wife Elen Rivas is the mother of his two daughters Isla, seven, and Luna, nine. Christine says building a bond with the girls has been a 'well-thought-out process' The TV presenter says she has a very hands-on role when it comes to looking after them. The 36-year-old says there are no plans to have children of her own any time soon.
The 58-year-old actress took to Twitter on Wednesday to thank her supporters for their support. On Tuesday, she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by People magazine. She explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion. 'I am recovering and most importantly, expected to make a full recovery,' she said.
An 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three, six and eight - were trapped. They were walking on sandbank at Blackpool Beach when they were cut off by rising tide. But when it was obvious they were in trouble, onlookers on nearby pier did nothing to help. Instead, they took out their smartphones to record the drama on camera. Lifeboat crew member Nathan Lee said: 'They thought they were going to die'
Darius the Continental Giant rabbit measures 4ft 4in long and weighs three and a half stone. But his giant son Jeff, who measures 3ft 8in, has six months of growing left to do. Continental Giants are the largest breed of rabbit and usually grow to 4ft at their biggest. Owner Annette Edwards, 63, from Bromsgrove, spends £5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies.
Virginias Portsmouth Public Schools say that their lunches are in compliance with Michelle Obama's federal lunch rules. A concerned mother took a photo of her child's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet, a whole wheat bun, and corn and then posted it to social media this week. Food Service Coordinator Jim Gehlhoff said the lunch was 'concerning' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks.
German police are 'closely monitoring developments' in the Hatton Garden heist. They are keen to find out whether any DNA was recovered from the scene of the Easter weekend raid. Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. In a similar fashion to the London heist, the burglars timed their raid over the Easter bank holiday, entering after premises emptied on Thursday night and leaving on Easter Sunday.
Amit Yadav, 20, was driving his red Honda Civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit. He lost control and smashed into an oncoming Renault Cleo in August 2013 in Dagenham. Haider and Taimur Kayani, brothers from Leytonstone, east London, were killed in the collision. Rayape and Rosette Sellathurai, also suffered serious injuries in the crash. None of the passengers in the Civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the accident. Yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of
'Poison pen' letter was sent to 'baby spamming' mother Jade Ruthven. It claims the 33-year-old is 'p*****g a lot of people off' with her Facebook updates. The letter claims to show what 'people really think' about Ms Ruthven's Facebook statuses. Comedian Em Rusciano shared the letter with her thousands of followers on social media. Ms Ruthven says the attempt to shame and isolate her has 'backfired'
Gao Yu, 71, jailed for seven years for 'illegally providing state secrets to foreigners' She leaked document warning against the 'dangers' of a free press to Hong Kong media. Gao was named one of the International Press Institute's 50 'world press heroes' in 2000. Known for her outspoken support for democracy and press freedom, Gao went missing last April. She resurfaced on China's state broadcaster a month later admitting she had made a'mistake' Lawyer claims 'confession' was extracted after police threatened her son.
Laurent Stefanini, 55, was in January asked by French President Francois Hollande to represent their country at the Holy See. But the controversial appointment was met 'with a stony silence', according to French media. Mr Stefanini was a practising Catholic but his proposed move from head of protocol at the Elysee had 'not received the agreement of the Vatican's administration'
Classic steam engines took to the tracks of the North Yorkshire Moors railway today, hauling passengers between Pickering and Whitby. Train enthusiasts will be able to make the most of the beautiful moors scenery on board seven preserved engines form the golden age of steam and pistons. The event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 April.
Queen Margrethe, 75, was joined on the balcony by her sons, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, and Prince Joachim, 45. The two were with her again for a procession down Copenhagen shopping street Strøget to the Københavns Rådhus [city hall] The Danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of Europe to Fredensborg Castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display.
The former Illinois governor has return to his roots while inside and has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician. Blagojevich was infamously caught trying to sell Barack Obama's U.S. Senate seat when he was elected president in 2008. He was impeached and removed from office by the state Legislature in early 2009 following his arrest on federal corruption charges.
Nuku Vanonyi Cudjoe-Calvocoressi, 41, was head of politics at St George's School in Ascot. He was travelling on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a woman. The 33-year-old passenger began secretly filming him on her mobile phone. She confronted him at Wokingham train station and he was charged with indecent exposure. Cudjoeso was convicted at Berkshire Magistrates' Court and banned from teaching for five years. But the door has now been left open for him to return to teaching
System uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button, and then watch on the TV as the animals react and play with them. Made possible with a $15,000 grant from the Mattel Children's Foundation, the Play with Cats program connects to 151 hospital rooms throughout Wolfson Children's Hospital.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or 'ICANN,' sent a letter on Thursday to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and Canada's Office of Consumer Affairs to see if the actions of Vox Populi Registry Ltd. were illegal. Vox Populi began accepting registrations using.sucks' on March 30 from trademark holders and celebrities before it is released to public applicants. It has recommended charging $2,499 a year for the privilege, and according to CEO John Berard, most of the names have been sold by resellers. So far, purchased names include Youtube.
Protest letters were delivered to members of Spain's Royal Language Academy, which produces the definitive dictionary. Gypsy Secretariat Foundation are leading the campaign to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies. The reference to a swindler ('trapacero') was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry.
The FBI has cleared the Tulsa County Sheriffs department in the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man by a volunteer deputy earlier this month. Robert Bates, a 73-year-old reserve deputy, says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot Eric Harris while attempting to help other deputies take Harris into custody. He has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the April 2 death and faces four years in prison if convicted. Sheriff Stanley Glanz said in a press conference on Monday that the special FBI agent in charge of the state of Oklahoma had informed him of the investigation
Daspletosaurus, a close relative of Tyrannosaurus rex, may have indulged in cannibalism. Paleontologists found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile Daspletosaurus. The fossil was found in a quarry in Dinosaur Provincial Park in Alberta, Canada. Scientists believe another Tyrannosaur fed on the youngster's body after it died. T-rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought and hunted in gangs.
Len Barnes, 57, from Stockton, was suffering bouts of diarrhoea and constant pain. He lost three stone as he battled the life-threatening condition Clostridium difficile. After numerous courses of antibiotics, doctors suggested a faecal transplant. Mr Barnes' daughter Debbie, 52, offered her stools as a suitable donor. They were mixed with water and filtered before being transplanted into Mr Barnes' gut. The procedure aims to re-balance the bacteria in the gut, by introducing bacteria from the faeces of healthy people.
Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood & the Prison of Belief airs on HBO on Monday at 9pm ET. Documentary claims church elders blackmailed John Travolta into being one of their most visible cheerleaders. It also claims members are forced to do 30-hour shifts, with three hours of breaks, in'reindoctrinal' camps. The Church of Scientology has branded those who featured in the show as 'admitted' liars and perjurers.
Two masked men have robbed three banks in the Pittsburgh area so far this year. They are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees' heads. Thieves have threatened to kidnap those at their targets and shoot police if they are engaged. FBI believe they may have police or military training because of the way they handle a weapon. The FBI is offering $10,000 for information leading to their arrests.
Jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week. Most of them claimed to be linked to the extremists terrorising vast swathes of the Middle East. Twitter's 'violations department' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts on April 2. Account purge prompted in part by the 'large number of reports' received by online activists and members of the public.
Rachelle Friedman Chapman, 29, fell into a pool during her bachelorette party in 2010 and broke her neck, leaving her paralyzed from the neck down. She is able to conceive and carry a child but her blood pressure is too low and she can't stop taking medication, which could damage the fetus. Her fiancé Chris Chapman, 32, and her college friend Laurel Humes, also 29, decided to try surrogacy. Laurel has been carrying the child at her home on a farm in Asheville, North Carolina - a four-hour drive from the Chapmans. The
A report on the threat posed by Australian foreign fighters has blamed the Abbott government's troubled relations with the Muslim community for worsening the situation. The Lowy Institute report, released on Thursday, says the large number of Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq represents a'serious national security threat' The risk of an attack on home soil could be mitigated by the right policy response, the report says. It comes just a day after the death of Melbourne model-turned-jihadist Sharky Jama.
Levi Jarrett Millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. Wednesday, making him this years first Tax Day baby at Memorial University Medical Center. The donation, made by Path2College 529 Plan, is given to the first child born each year on Tax Day at Memorial. Other lucky winner was a baby named Johnathan, the newborn child of David Choe and his wife Jennifer.
Jeffrey Walker told jurors that the Philadelphia Police Department drug squad targeted 'white college-boy,... khaki-pants types' who were 'easy to intimidate' That matches the description of some of the drug dealers who have testified in recent weeks in the federal police corruption trial. The witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence. Walker, 46, said police brass applauded the drug squad because they made big arrests that made them look good.
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) teaches people to focus on the present moment. Study found patients on MBCT course suffered same rates of recurrence as anti-depressants. This suggests it offers an 'alternative treatment' for those averse to the idea of drugs. Experts said the course could be offered as an alternative to drugs in general.
A guard at the U.S. Census Bureau's headquarters in Suitland, Maryland was shot in the abdomen and later died Thursday night. The shooter tried to ram the gates before firing at the guard at least once, according to reports. Heavily armed tactical teams swarmed to the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself inside after ramming the front gates. However, the shooter instead took some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into D.C. that ended when officers shot him on a busy Northeast Washington street.
A man in a cartoon mask demanded cash from a Christchurch dairy owner's daughter. The 30-year-old woman ran out of the shop screaming 'robber!' The masked man threw the cash register to the ground and took off with the till. Police say there were no signs of any weapons used but that the robber remained at large.
Survey of 1,001 British Muslims found one in four sympathise with ISIS. Eight per cent said they had 'a lot of sympathy' for the likes of Jihadi John. Survey found 44 per cent of non-Muslims are more suspicious of Muslims. Muslim Council of Britain said counter-terrorism measures lead to greater alienation.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, 44, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. On Friday, he appeared on the Today show and apologized to the family of the man he shot dead. He said he mistook his Taser for his gun when he tried to subdue him during a botched gun-sales sting operation. Bates turned himself in to the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office and was released on $25,000 bond. Defense attorneys released some of the training records Saturday for Bates, who has been charged with
The Hop Theory 'beer-bag' contains a blend of hops, fruit peels and natural spices. Claims to turn lager into 'craft beer' in just two to four minutes. Each 5g sachet can be used in up to four beers, so keeps costs and calories down. Brewers have criticised the idea as misleading about what constitutes as 'craft'
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, is awaiting extradition from Florida to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane. Stancil, who gave himself fascist face tattoos, said Lane tried to take advantage of his 16-year old brother. 'He ain't physically touched him, but he was in the proposal to try to and I wasn't going to let that happen,' he said. He also claimed to have killed three other people, including two in the Wayne County area, but police said they had no reports of unsolved homicides.
Marcel Hirscher teamed up with The Red Bull Media House and Starelation. Biodegradable powder was placed in slalom poles along the course. Multiple cameras were set up to capture the effect from different angles. The process involved 11 cameras, a specially-enhanced slope, and three days to set up.
Ambra Battilana, 22, claims she was groped by Harvey Weinstein, 63, during a business meeting at his Tribeca office in Manhattan on Friday night. She called police and they monitored a phone call she made to Weinstein, according to reports. In the call, she confronted him and he allegedly said: 'It won't happen again' News comes as Georgina Chapman, 38, was pictured for the first time outside their home in New York City since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter, India. Weinstein has emphatically denied the allegations
Kyesha Smith Wood, 36, of Bessemer, Alabama, called out her 'disprectful' children on Facebook after she found out they were rude to a mother. She wrote a lengthy Facebook post in a bid to track down the woman and apologize. The post was shared by thousands of people, prompting the mother in question, Rebecca Boyd, to write her a message. Boyd said that the apology and aftermath of the encounter'reminded me that there are still good people in the world' Both families have had dinner together and Mrs Boyd has also received money for
Damon Muller was diagnosed with Juvenile Dermatomyositis (JDM) in November. It is a rare autoimmune disease that can only be treated with high doses of steroids and a chemotherapy-type drug. JDM effects and limits movement in the muscles closest to the trunk of Damon's body, including his thighs, hips, buttocks, chest, shoulders and upper arms. He has already been rushed to hospital once after his neck started swelling so much it almost closed his throat and there is a risk his heart could be impacted too. The 11-year-old has almost doubled in size
Warren Rodwell was abducted by Islamist militants posing as policemen in December 2011. He was held against his will in a foreign jungle for 472 days and feared his al-Qaeda linked captors would behead him. Mr Rodwell fears the Federal government will not award him Victims of Terror Overseas compensation. Under Australian law, the survivors and families of overseas attacks can claim up to $75,000 in compensation.
Caretakers of Abraham Lincoln's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in National Geographic magazine and looming budget cuts that could threaten management of the historic site. For the state that calls itself the 'Land of Lincoln,' the timing of a ceremony Wednesday in Springfield to mark his death is awkward because Illinois faces a financial crisis. Gov. Bruce Rauner has proposed eliminating the state Historic Preservation Agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists. The popular tourist site was pilloried in this month's issue of National Geographic as having 'all the historical character of an office lobby'
Anjelica 'AJ' Hadsell, 18, has been missing since March 2, when she was on a break from Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia and home in Norfolk. The remains were found outside a residence in Franklin, 40 miles from her home. They have been sent to the medical examiner's office for identification. Her stepdad Wesley Hadsell was arrested for breaking into a home two weeks after her disappearance and says he was looking for her. He has a lengthy criminal record but insists he does not know where she is.
Nick Robinson returned to the BBC's News at Six to analyse Labour's manifesto. His voice sounded weak and strained after his treatment for a bronchial carcinoid tumour. He tweeted: 'Good to be back on air. Don't worry about the voice. It doesn't hurt and I'm not risking my recovery' He said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist and not risking his recovery.
Three terror groups have changed their communication methods since Snowden leaks. Extremist websites have moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers, making it harder for extremists to be tracked down. Henry Jackson Society security think-tank has compiled evidence of harm done to intelligence agencies after the former CIA contractor leaked 1.7million classified documents in 2013.
Lacey Spears of Scottsville, Kentucky, was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son at a suburban New York hospital. She was spared the maximum 25 years to life and instead received 20, showing no emotion when she was sentenced. The boy's father, Chris Hill, was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife's sentence; 'Please put her in general population! Thats all im asking for! Because she wont make it' Prosecutors blamed Spears, who lived in Chestnut Ridge, about 32 miles (51 km) north of New York City, for
Hanan, 19, was snatched from her family and taken to a warehouse in Mosul, Iraq. Hundreds of Yazidi women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants. Hanan and six others were then taken to house where they were beaten and raped. They met a fellow Yazidi girl who had been incarcerated there for the last two months. The girl told them she had been beaten, handcuffed and raped and warned they would be too. Tens of thousands of Yazidis were forced to flee for their lives during ISIS offensive in August.
The Red Lady of El Mirón was buried 18,700 years ago in a cave in Cantabria, Spain. Her body was found covered in sparkling red paint and adorned in yellow flowers. Anthropologists believe she was of high status or even buried in a sacrificial ritual. Now they have found spores of several mushroom species in the hardened plaque on her teeth. Microscopic evidence suggests she ate sponge capped, bolete mushrooms and gilled mushrooms. Study provides oldest evidence yet that mushrooms were eaten by early humans.
Xiao Zhengti, five, was born with a congenital liver disease requiring a transplant. Mother Yang Haiying donated part of her liver to try and save him after being found to be a match. But the boy's body rejected the organ, leading to repeated trips to hospital for four years. Yesterday father Xiao Kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver to save his son. Surgeons say the operation, which took five hours to complete, was a complete success. They expect Xiao Zhengti to be home in three weeks and to lead a normal life.
There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks worldwide last year, killing three people. Great White, Bull and Tiger sharks account for the vast majority of attacks. Thirteen-year-old Elio Canestri was killed by a bull shark off the coast of Reunion. There were 52 shark attacks in US waters in 2014, compared to 29 in 2015. Australia's 11 attacks was lower than its 12.5 attacks per year average over the past decade.
James Ritchie was forced to resign from his role as women's officer for the Tasmanian University Union. Public pressure and an online petition opposed the decision to employ a male for the job. TUU guidelines did not state a preferred gender for the role, saying only that 'an interest in higher education and student issues would be advantageous'
12-year-old Alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an MRI scan at the Animal Health Trust clinic in Newmarket, Suffolk. His owner Lynne Edwards noticed a lump behind his ear and found puss oozing from his back. She took him to a local vet where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns. Alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal, but could face surgery to remove some of the skin.
Mike Lane, 40, was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes. Video of the incident and a dossier of evidence was given to Wiltshire Police after the assault. Mr Lane was sent flying to the ground, before being kicked in the head. He was admitted to hospital with concussion and broken teeth and his face was swollen. The face of the thug who kicked Mr Lane was captured on video.
Capybara JoeJoe has almost 60,000 followers on Instagram. Add that to his near 5,000 Facebook likes and his Twitter account. The rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body. A duckling falls from JoeJoes head and hits him in the eye on the way down.
The Shire of Montana, located in the north-west corner of the state, is inspired by JRR Tolkien's fantasy books. At 1,000 square feet, the underground house has one king bedroom and a smaller guest room, plus custom-made wooden furniture. In the woods guests may spot everything from deer and elk to mountain lions and bears. Children and pets are not allowed during overnight stays, and it costs $295 a night for two guests.
Up to 2500 passengers are stranded on a cruise ship, the Carnival Spirit, stranded outside Sydney Harbour because of the city's wild weather. The massive swell, seen from video images taken from on-board by stranded travellers, reveals just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are. Carnival Spirit was returning from a 12-night cruise to New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji but has been stopped by the huge waves. 11 metre waves have been recorded off-shore and more passengers have been recounting their wild ride. 'Even as we speak the ship is creaking and
The retired Midnight Oil lead singer, former politician and passionate environmental activist is listing his Victorian terrace in Randwick in Sydneys affluent Eastern Suburbs. The 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife Dora and three daughters, Emily, Grace and May. It offers the ultimate Sydney lifestyle for any homeowner, whilst being less than 7km to the CBD. The property was bought by Garrett for $932,500 in 2010 while he was the Minister for Environment Protection, Heritage and the Arts.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison will reportedly announce the reforms on Sunday. The changes will strip parents of welfare benefits if they don't immunise their children. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated. Immunisation experts are worried the move won't bolster immunisation rates. Labor leader Bill Shorten has expressed his concerns over the changes.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, were visiting Manhattan when they disappeared on March 30. They were found at 3am by NYPD officers and are in good health, officials said. Iona is in the midst of a nasty battle over the will of her husband, George Costello Sr., 63, who died of a heart attack in 2012. She is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages.
Jack Jordan, 23, proposed to his girlfriend Laura Cant, 24, from his hospital bed. The pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant, which they hoped would have given them a bright future together. But last week Mr Jordan was given the news that he was too ill to undergo the operation. Couple are now set to become the first to marry in Torbay Hospital's chapel.
The first contestant to press his buzzer was Tom, a freemason, who inexplicably answered: 'What is the age of consent?' Viewers watching at home couldn't contain their horror at what Tom's answer appeared to imply and soon #jeopardy was trending on Twitter. 'Holy s*** that "age of consent" guess was the creepist answer I've ever heard,' tweeted one viewer.
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as DC Comics Superheroes within 24 hours. The April 18 event kicked off in Queensland, Australia, with a celebration at the Movie World Australia theme park. Venues in 15 cities in the US, UK, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Brazil, Taiwan and the Philippines all participated. To be counted, fans had to gather in the assigned area at each local event and stay there for five minutes.
Elijah Cook was born profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right. He was fitted with hearing aids at nine-weeks-old and fitted with them last month. His parents, Ahavah and Jason Cook, from Andova, Minnesota, were worried he may be deaf. Both their mothers and fathers were born deaf, so they were expecting hearing problems. The amazing moment Elijah was able to finally hear for the first time was captured on video.
New book by former education journalist David Turner lays bare little-known history of public schools. Winchester and Eton both suffered six full-scale rebellions in the 18th and 19th Centuries. The Old Boys was inspired by David Cameron's comparison to Flashman in Tom Brown's School Days. Mr Turner says public schools do more good than harm in the modern era.
Mary Kay Letourneau, then a 34-year-old married mother of four, pleaded guilty to child rape in 1998 for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student, Vili Fualaau. Letourneau was out on probation at the time and her daughter, Audrey, 17, was born while her mother was in prison. Fualaau, now 31, was 12 when he started an affair with his teacher and fell pregnant with his child when he was 12. The couple married and have two daughters, Audrey and Georgia, who are now 17 and 16 respectively. They will
Taronga Zoo's Asian elephants had a special treat for breakfast on Friday  a record sized 728kg pumpkin. The prize-winning pumpkins were presented to the elephants on Friday morning. It was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a Sydney Royal Easter Show. Taronga's elephants are served a medley of different food items, particularly fibrous palm logs and tough pineapple plant tops.
The pinup-inspired lingerie brand has closed all of its 94 locations and switched to a web-only model. Frederick's of Hollywood was founded in 1947 by Frederick Mellinger, who famously said'sex appeal is always in style' The company has been struggling for years to keep up with Victoria's Secret. The lingerie retailer was purchased by a consortium of shareholders two years ago.
Xue Feng returned to his family in Houston on Friday following his release from Beijing's No. 2 Prison. He served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior. The geologist was detained in November of 2007 and sentenced in 2010 on charges of illegally gathering information on China's oil industry. Supporters said Xue was physically abused in detention and denied proper legal rights.
Matthew Hall, 25, climbed onto balconies of his victims in Manchester's fashionable Northern Quarter district and hid. Asked when confronted 'am I scaring you?' and 'you're dead sexy - can I come in?' In one case he walked into his victim's bedroom as she slept in the early hours, making off when she switched the light on and saw him. Jailing him for two years after he admitted two attempted burglaries and one burglary, Judge Martin Rudland said he 'deliberately targeted vulnerable women' Hall has 45 offences on his record for dishonesty, violence and breaches
Alex Perry will not be presenting at this year's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. This is only the second time in 20 years the designer has missed the event. Perry says he is enjoying 'taking a bit of a breather' and focusing on his international projects. He has just filmed Asias Next Top Model and plans to work on more TV projects in the region.
Sarah Wilson opened up in a candid interview about how her battle with mental illness drove her to believe her life wasn't worth living. 'My anxiety brought me to a point where I couldn't quite see the existential point of continuing,' she said. Ms Wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the 'new depression' One in three Australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime. In her eyes, depression and anxiety are intrinsically linked.
Jay Kantaria, 38, leapt onto tracks at Sudbury Hill station in north-west London. Had'recently' left his senior position at Baring Asset Management to start career in property. Died instantly of'severe traumatic brain injury' and had to be identified from fingerprints. Coroner recorded open verdict, saying there was 'doubt' as to his intention when he jumped.
Sarah Ivens, 34, was devastated when she discovered she was too old to get pregnant. Her husband Russell was ready to be a father and she wanted to focus on building a family. After years of heartbreak, Sarah and Russell have two children William, one, and Matilda.
Ba Di Doll is a whopping 30 metres long, seven metres tall and six metres wide. Attraction features a ball pit, slide and climbing area accessed via the doll's right foot. Cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex education. The doll has appeared at Wanda Plaza commercial complex in eastern China's Nanjing.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse in the US has admitted, in its revised publication on marijuana, that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients. The report states: 'Recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others' Currently the drug is not recognised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as a medicine. However, studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the FDA to approve two medications that contain these chemicals.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, made his first appearance at the Wayne County Courthouse in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Thursday after being extradited from Florida. He is accused of shooting his former supervisor, Ron Lane, 44, at Wayne Community College on Monday morning before fleeing on a motorcycle and being arrested on Daytona Beach, Florida, on Tuesday. At the hearing on Thursday, he initially denied a court-appointed attorney, saying he knew he'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his former boss. When the judge reminded him that he could get the death penalty for his charge
Marc Wabafiyebazu, 15, and Jean, 17, 'drove around Canada raiding homes and stealing drugs in their mother's BMW' The brothers, who had recently moved to Miami from their father's home in Ottawa, Canada, lived in gated community with their mother Roxanne Dube, Canada's Consul General in Miami. On the night of Jean's death, they 'went to a house to buy marijuana with a friend they met at a dance festival and Marc shot dead the alleged dealer' Marc is waiting to find out if he will be charged with murder.
David Etzel, 36, of Palm Beach County, Florida is accused of biting his mother's 10-pound Shih Tzu named Cujo then beating it so badly its eye came out of its socket. The dog's owner Michele Etzel told deputies that her son had been drinking and teasing the dog, prompting the dog to bite Etzel. A veterinarian told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog.
The 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives. However, when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting Judge refrained from making Roberts answer, saying, 'Obviously we know what you do for a living, sir'
The Northern Territory Cattlemen's association's annual photography competition was held in conjunction with an annual cattlemen's conference. The competition asks for images that will illustrate the Northern Territory's unique outback lifestyle as well as their distinctive people and landscapes. Marie Muldoon won this years competition with a touching photo of her daughter cuddling up to a horse, titled True Love. Anna Weir won the landscape category with her photograph of a flooded field called No.11 Ammaroo.
Rilie Carey, from Salem, Oregon, learnt the nursery rhyme at preschool. She was halfway through dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom, Jessica. The four-year-old starts by confidently singing: 'Four little ducks went out to play, over the hills' But as the rhyme continues and the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases, her eyes fill with tears. As she gets to the penultimate verse, where 'no little ducks come back', she starts to sob. At the end of the clip Rilie leans in for a hug
The Republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt in separate interviews on Tuesday that they'd enforce federal drug laws. 'Marijuana is a gateway drug,' Christie said, citing an 'enormous addiction problem in this country' 'And we need to send very clear leadership from the White House on down through the federal law enforcement,' he added. Rubio, who on Monday made official his candidacy, said he believes in states' rights - but laws created by the federal government legally supersede those of the states. Christie has also forcefully denounced marijuana legalization, saying last March, '
Ashley Pegram, a 28-year-old mother-of-three, went on a date with Edward Primo Bonilla, 30, on April 3 after they met on messaging service Kik and her sister reported her missing the next day. She was seen in a gas station in Berkeley County, South Carolina at 1am on April 4. Bonilla told her sister he had kicked her out of his car when she got too drunk. He has now been charged with obstructing justice and given a $400,000 surety bond.
Images posted on Shawn Kathleen's Instagram account Passenger Shaming. Former flight attendant Shawn Kathleen started the group on Facebook to highlight the less than desirable habits some have adopted while flying. Recent photos in the past months show a potty in the aisle, people sleeping in inappropriate places and dirty nappies stuffed in the seat pockets.
Haley Fox, 24, of Turner, Oregon, fractured 26-year-old Samuel Campbell's skull with a baseball bat at her home last Wednesday. Fox and Campbell, of Adger, Alabama, had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online. She has been charged with first-degree assault and is yet to enter a plea.
Christine Lillico, 47, was trusted with looking after her elderly parents' bank accounts. But instead of using the money to care for John and Audrey Air she plundered their life savings. Newcastle Crown Court heard she stole almost £80,000 over a six year period. Left her elderly father in debt and too poor to afford basic amenities in last months of his life. Lillico has been jailed for 20 months and ordered to pay her brother £39,000 inheritance.
77-year-old woman was struck by lightning as she sat in her car in Boston, England. Days later, her hairdresser noticed she had minor burns on her scalp. Later that day she noticed her vision was blurred and she could barely see with one eye. A scan of her retina revealed she had a hole in her macula, which is responsible for 90% of a person's vision. The woman was prescribed eye drops, but suffered an allergic reaction to them. She later underwent surgery to repair the hole, after two months of poor vision.
Kevin Carr, 34, from Woolacombe, Devon, ran the equivalent of a marathon a day for two years. He set off from Haytor on Dartmoor in July 2013 and returned last night after 621 days. The journey took him through 26 countries and he ran through 16 pairs of shoes. Mr Carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling run unsupported, pushing his equipment in a buggy.
Ashton Wood raised $18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after Jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace it. The Queenslander launched a Kickstarter campaign last year in an effort to raise $22,500 - the amount Chrysler offered him to buyback the car - and allow donors the chance to be involved in the car's destruction. During a failed settlement between the manufacturer, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' Jeep, and Mr Wood, one of the car company's requests was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an 'apology' in a national publication.
Lawrence Phillips is suspected of killing his cellmate at Kern Valley State Prison. He is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in San Diego. Prison officials said they suspect a second inmate at the prison of killing him. It's unclear if the two are related.
Joelison Fernandes da Silva, 28, developed gigantism as a child. His height forced him to drop out of school due to bullying and then refuse to leave the family house for years. But true happiness eventually found the shy Brazilian in the form of Evem Medeiros, a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online. 'The first time I saw her it was love at first sight. I wanted to be with her all the time. It didn't matter about her size,' he said.
Andrew 'Drew' Butler, 25, allegedly shot Kendra Gonzalez from the passenger seat. He then dragged her body from the car and left it on the road in San Jose, California. Gonzalez and Butler were involved in an argument when the gun went off, police said. Family members said eldest daughter was screaming: 'Don't kill my mom'
Andy Murray and Kim Sears are preparing to marry in his home town of Dunblane. Local businesses have decorated their shop fronts with colourful bunting and gifts for the couple. Wimbledon champion and his bride-to-be will say 'I do' at the Scottish cathedral on Saturday. There will be no celebrity guests at the wedding of the tennis star and his fiancee.
Sammy Griner, now eight, is the face of the 'Success Kid' meme. His mother, Laney, set up a GoFundMe page to raise money to help her husband, Justin, who needs a kidney transplant. Justin, 39, discovered his kidneys were failing before Sam was born and he now spends about four hours a day, three days a week undergoing dialysis. He is unable to work and never has energy because of the treatment. The family will also need $12,000 for just the first year of medications. It is not yet clear where the kidney
Hilary Wilson, 41, suffered an amniotic fluid embolism during a Caesarean section. She 'died' for 11 minutes during the birth of her son, Felix, and was put on life support. Woke up four days later with no memory of being pregnant or giving birth. Only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of Felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born, and it 'clicked' that he was her son. The mother-of-three has made a remarkable recovery and is now
Mohammad Qamaruzzaman was hanged around 10.30pm on Saturday inside a jail in Dhaka. Assistant secretary general of the Jamaat-e-Islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the Pakistani army in the 1971 independence war. He was behind the killing of around 120 unarmed farmers, prosecutors said. The move has been slammed by the mans supporters, who have called for a nationwide general strike.
Ana Granucci Davis, 28, wife of St Petersburg chef Aaron Davis, 31, gave birth to their son Andrew Aaron Lawrence on Tuesday. Mr Davis, head chef at The Kitchen, was fatally struck by 25-year-old Jason Lanard Mitchell on Saturday around 2am, according to police. Mitchell faces several charges including DUI manslaughter, vehicular homicide, aggravated fleeing and eluding, leaving the scene of a crash involving a death and DUI serious bodily injury.
Amy Murray, 23, rowed with fellow cinema-goers during a screening of the film. People in the row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them. An argument broke out and Murray hit Jessica Deadman while drunkenly gesturing. Police were called to the Century Cinema in Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, on February 18. Murray admitted charges of assault and being drunk and disorderly. She was given a 12 month conditional discharge and ordered to pay compensation.
Billy Thompson was last seen on Saturday at Sugar Bear's home in McIntyre, Georgia, where Mama June's daughter Jessica was preparing to go to prom. Since then Billy hasn't been seen and he isn't returning any phone calls or texts. The family have filed a report with the local police department and are especially worried because Billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from June.
Tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person's Instagram feed. Users can also access the full library by connecting to their Tinder profile. Firm also says it has improved its mutual friends feature. Tinder Plus is a premium service allowing people to 'undo' a like or change their location. But different users are reporting the app is asking for different prices.
Marianne Power attended Robbins Unleash The Power Within seminar in London. The self-help guru charges $1 million to coach private clients and is the 'king' of the self-improvement world. He claims to discover how to identify what it is you really want, break through any barriers that might be holding you back, increase your energy and mental clarity, and infuse passion into your life
Geologist Dr Arye Shimron says he has linked the James Ossuary to the long disputed Jesus Family tomb in Jerusalems East Talpiot neighbourhood. The research could have enormous ramifications as it suggests that Jesus was married, fathered a child and that a physical resurrection did not take place. According to Dr Shimron, the'son of God' was buried with nine other people, including Judah, son of Jesus and his wife, named Mary. Other experts and archaeologists have rejected the claim that the Jerusalem tomb is connected with Jesus at all.
Gruesome video shows six men executed in front of a large crowd of men and boys. They are accused of exploding a car bomb 'which killed innocent people' in city of al-Mayadin. Terrorist group claims the men are soldiers of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime. One by one, they are marched to a wooden stump and brutally beheaded. Six-minute long propaganda video was posted on ISIS' social media channels on April 5. It depicts a seemingly normal day in ISIS-held territory in eastern Syria, with men being flogged.
Ukip-commissioned poll shows Nigel Farage has fallen behind Tory opponent in Kent seat. If poll is accurate, it could end Farage's political career as he has vowed to resign as Ukip leader if he fails to win South Thanet. Farage was so alarmed he gave orders for findings to be hushed up to avoid causing panic. Ukip officials spent last week trying to deny a cover-up, but yesterday admitted it had buried the survey.
The model contains more than 30,000 figures, including 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses. It was built in the 1970s but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory. The 25sq/m diorama is on display at the Royal Green Jackets Museum in Winchester. Will serve as the centrepiece for the commemoration of the Battle of Waterloo this year.
Austin Carey and Jay Rawe were base jumping off the Perrine Bridge in Idaho. Mr Rawe got stuck in Mr Carey's parachute and the pair plummeted 500ft to the ground. They both suffered broken vertebrae and were told they may never walk again. But a year on both have returned to base jumping and Mr Carey has retraced his steps. He said: 'It was such an amazing feeling to be back there after everything I had been through'
Property in north west London has'superb views' over a London park. It was one of five properties bought by property developer during 14-year marriage. Couple's main marital home was a £26m 'palatial residence' in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. After their divorce, the woman moved into the townhouse, claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes. Husband tried to evict her and force the sale of the heavily-mortgaged property. But she has now been allowed to keep it as part of a complex legal settlement
Sarah Foot says her affair with open water began on Hampstead Heath after a local swimming pool closed down. She has now taken to swimming in the North Sea off the coast of Suffolk. The poet Byron called the experience a buoyancy of spirits I never feel on any other occasion The most perfect swim of all is in Scotland, off the Hebrides, she says.
Toni Maticevski show at Fashion Week Australia went above and beyond to impress guests, with front row attendees given a personalised tablet. Jessica Mauboy, model Maddison Brow, and GQ editor Nick Smith were among those who had their Lenovo tablets stolen from their seats. Each of the tablets had been customised with wallpaper bearing their name. Despite the drama, the show was a spectacular success, with an A-list turn-out and dazzling creations.
News Corp Australia CEO Julian Clarke was peppered with questions from Greens senator and party leader Christine Milne. She questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss. When Mr Clarke defended the newspaper as the 'finest national newspaper operating in Australia', Ms Milne flatly told the inquiry, 'you and I won't agree on that' 'You're a minority,' Mr Clarke fired back. 'Not from the number of people who buy your newspaper'
Scientists at UCLA examined the brains of 90 women, 44 of whom took the Pill. Found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception, changing the way they function. They believe it could account for increased anxiety and depressive symptoms. Synthetic hormones found in the Pill cause these alterations in brain structure and function.
The retailer has consistently been one of the lowest-rated grocers since 2005 in Consumer Reports' annual survey. This year it was rated number 67, the second worst supermarket. As it is the primary shopping destination for ten per cent of the 63,000 readers surveyed by the magazine, Walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce. America's favorite supermarket, taking first place, is New York-based Wegmans. Publix came in second place followed by Trader Joe's, Fareway Stores and Market Basket.
Hassan Munshi, 17, and Talha Asmal, 16, from Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, missing since March 31. Pair from same town as London 7/7 suicide bomber Mohammed Siddique Khan. Boys' families say they are 'in a state of profound shock' and deeply worried about safety of their 'ordinary Yorkshire lads' Munshi is supposedly related to Hammaad Munshi who was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 in 2006. He was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-Muslims.
Alabama-born mom-of-two Elisha Wilson Beach, from Los Angeles, is pictured breastfeeding her toddler daughter in the image. Originally posted on Instagram and then shared on the Facebook page of Life of Dad, the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times. Image has divided the internet community with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking. Wilson Beach is the wife of TV actor Michael Beach, best known for his roles on Third Watch, Sons of Anarchy and ER.
Pica is an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances. During her third pregnancy, Silvia wanted to eat rocks. She hid the rocks around the house, behind lamps and behind curtains. Her obstetrician says that pica can be very dangerous when eating rocks.
Martynas Kupstys was jailed for life for the murder of Ivans Zdanovics in January 2014. The 26-year-old was released from Lincoln Prison instead of being taken to court. He spent three hours sitting on a bus stop across the road from the prison gate. Lincoln Crown Court heard he was told he was free to go by prison staff in August. Bungling prison staff realised their mistake three weeks into the first trial. Both men were jailed this week for life following the murder in Lincolnshire.
For a limited time Starbucks will be introducing the S'more Frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on Tuesday, April 28. Starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the 'the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores' The drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream, milk chocolate sauce, graham crackers, coffee and ice.
A warning for a tsunami as big as one metre (three feet) forecast to hit islands in Japan's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake was cancelled on Monday. National broadcaster NHK said waves were possible on several islands in the southern Okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on Yonaguni in the southwest, near Taiwan. Witnesses said buildings swayed in Taipei but there was no visible damage.
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province, north of Baghdad, on Friday. He was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. His body was returned to Baghdad today and delivered to the Ministry of Health in a glass coffin. Crowds gathered to get a closer look at the 'King of Clubs', who had a $10m bounty on his head.
Margaret Tyler, 71, has been collecting royal memorabilia for more than 40 years. Her collection includes a £1,200 Wedgwood bust of Prince Charles and a solar-powered Queen. She has four rooms in her terraced home, including one dedicated to Princess Diana. The mother-of-four says she has no plans to stop and describes it as a 'labour of love'
Retired Major General Alastair Duncan is among 1,000 troops treated for mental health issues. Retired general was given anti-malarial drug Lariam before deployment to Sierra Leone. He is currently in a psychiatric unit following Post Traumatic Stress Disorder episode. Since 2008, 994 service personnel have been treated after taking the drug. Lariam has been banned by the U.S. military due to concerns over side effects. Critics say the MoD's continued use of the drug is an escalating'scandal'
Fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying 105 migrants from Libya to Sicily. Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' Allegedly threw 12 Christians 'professing the Christian faith' into the Mediterranean sea. Follows reports earlier today of a shipwreck feared to have cost 41 lives off Italian coast.
MMA fighter Jonathan Paul Koppenhaver, known as War Machine, allegedly beat ex-porn star Christy Mack with a kitchen knife and cut off her mohawk with a blunt knife in August 2014. Mack, 23, was left with 18 broken bones, a broken nose, a ruptured kidney, ruptured liver, missing teeth, and a fractured rib in the attack. Nine months later, she has to wear a wig and glasses, and is still undergoing dental work. She is fighting to see him convicted of attempted murder, which she says was the climax of an abusive
Stephanie Scott's funeral will take place on Wednesday in Eugowra in NSW's central west. The 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace, Leeton High School on April 5. Her body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder. Ms Scott had planned to marry Aaron Leeon-Woolley at the Eat Your Greens function centre in the NSW town on April 11. She had designed the invitations
With temperatures creeping up, lets celebrate with some ice cream. The choice of ice cream makers has never been wider. Mandy FRANCIS tried out the best brands on the High Street. She and her children Stanley, 13, and Florence, eight, tested them out.
William and Kate are turning their new country bolt hole, Anmer Hall, into a secluded fortress home, far from prying eyes. Anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years as William focuses on family and his new flying career. For him, a life of peace and quiet is far preferable to his own pressure-cooker upbringing under the global spotlight.
The Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's largest aircraft carrier, has a deck spanning 14,700sqft. Debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines, so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck. But Russian sailors came up with an ingenious solution, strapping an old MiG-15 engine to the front of a tractor. The tractor is driven up and down the 1,000ft-long deck blowing debris overboard.
The two continents are linked at Panama, but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared. Most experts place its formation at about 3 million years ago. New study presents evidence that the Panama land bridge formed at least 10 million years earlier. Evidence found in rock deposits from ancient rivers in Colombia of the land bridge.
Scottish National Party has extended its huge lead over Labour, polling shows. Figures suggest Labour faces an unprecedented wipeout in the Scottish Parliament. Jim Murphy, Scottish leader, and Douglas Alexander, chief election strategist, could lose their seats. Nationalists are also on course to wipe out the Liberal Democrats in Scotland.
Brian and Joan Ogden, from Wigan, were on their way back to the Hotel Don Pancho in Benidorm. They were about to catch a bus to Alicante before flying home when they were robbed. CCTV footage from the hotel shows the thief in a purple top reaching into Mr Ogden's pocket. Her accomplice attempts to block the view of his wife Joan, 78, but they weren't fooled. Mr and Mrs Ogden followed the duo out of the hotel and in a short exchange asked for the wallet back.
Deborah, 43, from Lanarkshire, has naturally curly curly hair that's a 'frizz nightmare' The Nanokeratin System Hair Relaxing Treatment promises frizz-free hair for up to four months. It contains molecules of nano-molecular keratin to penetrate deep within each strand, creating long-lasting results.
Scientists at Rockefeller University in New York believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an HIV vaccine. Clinical trials revealed the treatment resulted in a 300-fold decrease in the amount of HIV virus in a patient's blood - their viral load. Antibody was designed to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells. Study marks the first time the new generation of HIV antibodies has been tested in humans.
Cruz implied during a conversation with Daily Mail Online that if he ascended to the highest elected office he wouldn't make his attorney general enforce federal laws pertaining to marijuana in states that have approved sales and consumption of the drug. The position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his GOP competitors, who last week said that while they believe in states' rights to self-determination, they'd lay the hammer down on Colorado and Washington for flouting federal law. 'In my view the question of legalizing marijuana should be a question for the states. Now personally I don't support legalization. If it came
Roman Abramovich has bought Tel Avivs Varsano Hotel for £17.1m. Chelsea owner is expected to convert the 19th century building into his Israeli home. The hotel complex is listed as a preserved building covering 1,500 square metres. It consists of a main building with a large lobby, dining room and two studio suites, and six more bedrooms in three separate villas.
Rogue staff at Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks misled Financial Ombudsman. Deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like customer was never sold PPI. Politicians called for a police investigation into the wrong-doing. Labour's John Mann said those who falsified documents could be guilty of fraud or forgery.
Detective said officers used a device called Hailstorm, which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away. Police use it to trace stolen phones or to find people. Details resemble plot of HBOs hit series The Wire, the crime drama based in the same city, which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers.
Vlad Tarasov couldn't resist skiing down the slopes at Boston's largest snow farm located in the city's Seaport District. The one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy, trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow. Junk in the filthy snow included rusted lawn chairs, parking cones, broken bottles, and even a dead seagull.
Lib Dem leader warns of'very real danger' of 'Blukip' alliance between Tories and Ukip. Nigel Farage held out olive branch to the Prime Minister last night as he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible Labour government. Ukip leader called on Tories to vote tactically for him in seats where they cannot win. Mr Farage dropped demand that Tories ditch Cameron before any post election deal.
New York Mayor Bill de Blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where Hillary Clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign. As campaign manager for Clinton's successful 2000 Senate run, de Blasio said on Sunday it is important for her to define her campaign message. He also said he wanted to see her vision for addressing income inequality. While he said Clinton has a very progressive history, he noted that the income inequality in the U.S. is 'out of control' and that it must be addressed by candidates.
Dragon-themed kite was made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs 200 kilograms. It was set to fly at the Wulong International Kite Festival in Chongqing, south-western China. But Chinese aviation authorities ruled that the kite could not be flown, and the team were forced to fly only half of it.
Pleasaunce Cottage in Dormans Park, East Grinstead, was built in the 1880s by RA Briggs, known as Bungalow Briggs. It is one of the last surviving bungalows in Britain that were built on the design of Victorian houses in India. The property has four bedrooms, four reception rooms and two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite. Historians are eager to put the house forward for listing to protect its heritage.
Judy and Jerry Sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told. The couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year. Judy just renewed her TV contract with CBS for another three years. She reportedly earns $47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television.
Jemima Kirke, 29, made the admission in a new PSA for the Center for Reproductive Rights, an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom. The actress says she had to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for her abortion in 2007. She has since given birth to a daughter named Rafella Israel Mosberg, who is now 8 years old.
Izaak Gillen, seven months, was taken to hospital on April 6 with a skull fracture while at his babysitter's Oregon City home. He was pronounced dead the next day. The state medical examiner's office concluded the child's manner of death was a homicide after conducting an autopsy. No arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into what led up to the incident.
Experts studied 40 million posts by 1.7 million users on CNN.com, Breitbart.com and IGN.com. They then divided users into those most likely to be banned, called Future-Banned Users (FBUs) Users who weren't banned were known as Never-banned Users or NBUs. The researchers looked at four features to identify common traits among these users. These included the average text similarity of a user's post with the previous three posts in the same thread. Trolls are also less likely to use positive words than other users, swear more, and use
Jondrew Magil Lachaux, 39, an ex-convict, and Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a North Las Vegas home. The 17-year-old girl was arrested after her severely malnourished four-month-old daughter was hospitalized. A SWAT team broke into the couple's house and discovered the corpse of the three-year old girl. Lachaux kicked the teen out of the house, police said, and she lived for several days in public places including the Las Vegas Strip and
Polish Foreign Minister Grzegorz Schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled. Poland had a committed anti-Nazi resistance movement and Polish fighters fought alongside the Allies throughout the war. In all, 6 million Polish citizens were killed during the war, about half of them Jewish and the other half Christians, with many Polish priests, members of the intelligentsia and political resistance killed in Auschwitz and elsewhere. U.S. ambassador to Poland, Stephen Mull, was called to the Foreign Ministry in a formal act of protest on the 72nd anniversary of
Geologist Dr Danny Hilman believes that a site in West Java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago. The Megalithic site of Gunung Padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in Indonesia. It is nestled among volcanoes, banana palms and tea plantations, at 2,903 ft (885 metres) above sea level. Chunks of volcanic rubble jut out from the stepped hillside, which is considered sacred by the Sundanese people who live locally. Dr Hilman thinks the
Dr Sahar Hussain, 53, was unable to get through the gates at Leicester Square station. She screamed 'I'm a doctor, I work for the NHS. Get me through the gate, I'm going to miss my train' Hussain denied assault, saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central London because she is a Muslim woman. But she has now been found guilty and ordered to pay £2,250 in fines, compensation and court costs.
Sheldon Nadelman, now 80, worked at Terminal Bar from 1973 to 1982. The bartender and photographer, who now lives in southern New Jersey, met prostitutes and pimps at the Midtown Manhattan watering hole. His amateur work includes thousands of portraits from the 1970s and 1980s, which have been digitized by his son Stefan. Nadelman's voyeuristic shots show a side of Times Square that has disappeared in the glare of Coca Cola advertisements.
Immerse virtual reality headset is available from Firebox for £29.99 ($45) It works with any Android and iOS phone that can run virtual reality apps. The maximum size of compatible devices is 3.5 x 5.7-inches (8.2 x 15.4cm) This means it will work with the iPhone 6, but not iPhone 6 Plus, for example. Other features include 360° head tracking and an 'ultra-wide field of view' Headset is fitted with an earphone slot to truly immerse the wearer in whatever they are watching
Divers Margo Sanchez and Stephanie Adamson have been snapping exotic underwater life for nearly a decade. The recent addition of a selfie stick has helped them get incredible shots next to some of the most dangerous sea creatures. Since investing in the fad item, they have been able to mount a GoPro camera to the end of the pole and obtain incredible memories.
Dutch-led team this week also found personal possessions including jewellery. 16 containers of fragments of the Malaysia Airlines plane were filled so far this week. MailOnline also found a charred passport of a Malaysian mother killed in the horror. Relatives of Mabel Anthonysamy Soosai, 45, whose husband and son were also killed, called for urgent action to clear the site.
Emma Dickson, 31, was rushed to hospital with sharp pains in her abdomen. She was taken to Causeway Hospital, Coleraine, Northern Ireland, and told she had two blood clots in her lungs, which had moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism. The clots were caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill, which can thicken the blood and cause blood to clot. There was a risk the clots could have travelled to her brain, causing a stroke. Her left lung then collapsed and she was left fighting for her life in hospital.
The Homeless Period project hopes to shred the taboo around females living on the streets. A campaign video tells the story of a woman called Patricia, who lived rough for six months. She says she was forced to use 'ripped up cloth' as a makeshift sanitary towel. The campaign has prompted supporters to start their own collection boxes for tampons. Nearly 81,000 people have signed a petition to lobby the government for better funding.
Clark Elmore was convicted of killing Kristy Ohnstad in Bellingham, Washington. He confessed to raping and killing the 14-year-old after she threatened to reveal he had molested her as a child. Elmore claimed his constitutional rights were violated during the trial because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles. The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals confirmed that the Washington Supreme Court did not act unreasonably when it rejected his claim.
Brad Reynolds has become TripAdvisor's most active user with 66,000 contributions. The 38-year-old American has written more than 3,300 reviews and uploaded nearly 40,000 photos in just five years. He critiques every hotel, restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday and in his current home of Hong Kong. Originally from Edmond, Oklahoma, Brad and his wife, Jill, are avid travellers  taking about four sizeable trips every year. So far he has given just 12 one-star ('terrible') ratings, and he has handed out five-
The Volkswagen Westfalia Camper ceased production in 2003. Dr Heinz-Jakob Neusser said a new version will share at least three key features with its predecessor. It's expected to be an electric vehicle with batteries stashed beneath the floor. A small electric motor will drive its front wheels, making it more environmentally friendly. No images or name has been announced for the new Camper version 2.0. Engineers are currently working on a concept car and it will go into production if its financially viable.
Obama's jab at Walker departed from the White House's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the president, who is prohibited by the Constitution from seeking another term. Obama was responding to Walker's claims that he'd 'absolutely' cancel or 'disown' a deal with Iran on 'day one' if elected to higher office. 'Perhaps Mr. Walker, after he's taken some time to bone up on foreign policy, will feel the same way,' the president added. Walker fired back at Obama on Twitter, saying, 'Americans would be better served by a President who spent more
The earliest wake-up time worldwide is on a Monday in South Africa. On Tuesdays, Americans rise at 7am and are in the worst mood all week. In terms of national average sleep quality, Slovakia topped the list. The Sleep Cycle app tracks a user's sleep as they go through a cycle of sleep phases. It uses the phone's accelerometer to identify phases by tracking movements in bed and wakes users up during their lightest sleep phase.
Parents of young cancer sufferers now expect to be offered same treatment as Ashya King. Clinicians are in 'impossible situation' as a result of King family's flight to Spain, doctor says. Ashya was being treated in Southampton when his parents took him from the hospital and fled abroad. They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy, ultimately paid for by the NHS Trust after he left the UK. Doctors and nurses who treated Ashya have criticised his parents in BBC documentary.
CCTV footage of the moment Barry Lyttle put his brother in a coma with a single punch has been released for the first time. Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm. The Irishman could learn his fate as soon as Thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing. Magistrate Graeme Curran said a jail sentence was likely, explaining 'the issue is whether or not I suspend a prison term' The brothers from Belfast in Ireland went on a night out on January 3 in Sydney's Kings Cross. Patrick was found
Veteran pilot Andrew Danziger claims to have seen a UFO in the sky in 1989. The North American Airlines captain said the object glowed bright red for around 30 seconds. He said the UFO changed from a white disc to a 'giant red ball' above the clouds. Danziger, who has 28 years of cockpit experience, said 'virtually all pilots believe in UFOs'
Linda MacDonald, 55, was arrested on Monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to Vermont State Police barracks for booking. Police say the woman from Shelburne, Massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30pm when she ran off Route 5 in Dummerston, Vermont and crashed her 2011 Toyota Camry into a wooden fence. At the scene, MacDonald told responding officers that she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take directions down on a legal note pad in her car. But when officers smelled alcohol on MacDonald, they administered a breathalyzer test and she
Charlotte Bevan, 30, had come off risperidone before daughter Zaani was born. Four days after birth, she walked out of Bristol Maternity Hospital without shoes or coat. Police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near Clifton Suspension Bridge. Newborn Zaani Tiana Bevan Malbrouck was later found close by. NHS guidance says mothers should take drug only if their doctor says they need to.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was found guilty Wednesday of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd. A jury panel in Fall River, Massachusetts, spent 36 hours over seven days deliberating Hernandezs fate before returning a guilty verdict. Hernandez is accused of killing Daniel Abreu, 29, and Safirdo Furtado, 28, immigrants from Cape Verde, in July 2012 after a fight over a spilled drink at Cure Lounge in South Boston. They were found murdered in their car
Stacey Eden, 23, stood up in defence of a Muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a Sydney train on Wednesday afternoon. Video shows a middle-aged woman berating a Muslim woman for wearing a black headscarf. Ms Eden recorded a short snippet of the incident on her phone, ending with the passenger telling her to 'breathe' The Muslim couple told Daily Mail Australia they were'very grateful' for her stand. Police and Sydney Trains have not yet received any reports of the alleged incident. The Islamophobia Register Australia praised Ms Eden's actions
Ayatollah Hossein Dehnavi is a celebrity preacher in his native Iran. He says thinking about another woman while having sex with your wife is not a sin. But if she becomes pregnant it will mean the child will be gay, he warns. Also says incorrectly wearing the hijab could lead to some men becoming homosexual. Homosexuality is punishable by death in Iran, with gay and lesbian people forced to hide sexuality.
Celebrities took to Instagram to show how they celebrated Easter. Kim Kardashian posted a snap of herself decorating colourful Easter baskets. Myleene Klass and Amanda Holden hosted a bunny-themed Easter egg hunt. Mariah Carey whipped up chocolate cupcakes for her three-year-old twins.
Chimpanzees in Uganda have learned to look both ways before crossing busy roads. It is the first time chimps have been seen to adapt to cope with busy roads in their territory. The road in Sebitoli sees around 89 motor vehicles an hour racing down it at speeds of up to 60mph. Researchers say road infrastructure in Africa is posing a growing threat to wildlife.
Groom's brother lost control of a Kalashnikov while firing celebratory round. Firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in Saudi Arabia. The 30-second clip has been viewed nearly 140,000 times on YouTube. Saudi government has been calling for an end to the local tradition of firing guns into the air.
Health Minister Jillian Skinner has slammed My Kitchen Rules judge Pete Evans for promoting fluoride-free water. She says he is putting people's health at risk with his extreme views on diet and lifestyle. Ms Skinner says she is 'highly disappointed' to see Evans use his power as a high profile media personality to influence in areas he has no expertise. Evans has responded to the Health Minister's concerns, saying he would like to discuss the benefits of water fluoridation with Ms Skinner.
They announced they were 'consciously uncoupling' in March 2014. They have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody. The Iron Man actress and Coldplay frontman married in December 2003. Martin has reportedly been dating Jennifer Lawrence while Paltrow is with Brad Falchuk.
Christopher Bailey is Burberry's Chief Creative and chief executive officer. He was named CEO at just 42-years-old when Angela Ahrendts left for Apple in 2013. The event marks the launch of its new flagship store on Rodeo Drive in Los Angeles. Guests included Cara Delevingne, Suki Waterhouse, Mila Kunis, Elton John and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. Anna Wintour and James Corden sat front row at the event.
Rosdeep Adekoya beat her three-year-old son to death before stuffing body in suitcase. Mikaeel Kular's body was dumped in woods in Kircaldy, Fife, in January last year. His death came just six months after he was returned to mother's care following year in care. Social workers also visited family a number of times over two years but could not have foreseen death. Adekoya was jailed for 11 years last August after pleading guilty to culpable homicide.
Tugce Taskin, 26, was killed after the luxury car swerved across a highway in Istanbul. Her friend Adem Kilic, 31, is in a critical condition in hospital after the head-on crash. Witnesses said it was a'miracle' anyone was able to get out alive after the horror crash.
Mariel Hemingway, 53, has written two new books about growing up in a family plagued by depression, addiction and suicide. She was born in 1961, just a few months after her grandfather, Ernest, infamously killed himself with a double-barreled shotgun. Her father, Jack, is the son of Hadley, Ernest's first wife, and her mother, Byra, was an alcoholic. Both of her parents were alcoholics and she was left to clean up the mess each night. Eldest sister, Margaux, a beautiful fashion model and actress
Madeline Luciano was fired from PS 18, in Manhattan, New York, in June. She is said to have looked on as pupils wrote nasty words about classmate on blackboard. They wrote words like 'ugly', 'annoying' and 'phony' on the board to describe her. It only stopped when the 13-year-old girl started crying, according to an investigation. Ms Luciano, 40, claims she was trying to teach lesson about the evils of bullying. Now she has launched court action against the city's education department.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. The men were 'associates' of Abdul Numan Haider, who was shot dead after stabbing two officers outside a Melbourne police station on September 23. A total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the Melbourne Joint Counter Terrorism Team operation named Operation Rising on Saturday morning.
Laura Wells has found international success as a size 14 model. The 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in New York City by talent scouts in 2005. Wells has modelled for Macy's, Bloomingdale's, Myer, David Jones, Berlei and Asos to name a few brands.
Shadow chancellor said he was 'unequivocal' that he would not allow SNP to dictate deal. Insisted he would 'not allow' a deal that would see Scotland benefit at the expense of England. But he stopped short of dismissing a looser arrangement that could prop up a Labour administration. More than half of Scots plan to back the SNP, shattering Ed Miliband's hopes of a majority.
Ex-Fat Families star Steve Miller is an advocate of constructive fat shaming. He believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population. Some of his demands include obesity wardens in the street, fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and Steve moving in with public role models who are overweight.
Chief Greg Suhr announced in a statement Friday that he has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers. He called the texts 'despicable' and says those who sent them 'clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer' The offensive texts targeting blacks, Mexicans, Filipinos and gay men, which make repeated use of racist and homophobic slurs, were sent between 2011 and 2012. The messages were discovered by federal authorities investigating former sergeant Ian Furminger, who was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 41 months in prison.
Oregon-based defense contractor FLIR Systems Inc. has agreed to pay $9.5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The thermal-imaging company earned more than $7 million in profits from sales influenced by the gifts. Two employees in FLIR's Dubai office gave luxury watches to five officials with the Saudi Arabia Ministry of Interior in 2009.
Ten 1933 Double Eagle coins were found in a bank deposit box for Joan Langbord's father Israel Switt, a Philadelphia jeweler, in 2003. The government believed Switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933. A jury sided with the government in 2012, but an appeals court overturned the verdict on Friday. Nearly half a million of the coins were minted in 1933, though almost all were melted and a surviving coin sold for $7.6million in 2002.
Cardiff University study found use of e-cigarettes at least once was more common than having smoked a conventional cigarette in all age groups, bar the oldest (15 to 16 year olds) Almost six per cent of 10 to 11 year olds had tried them, far more than had been tempted by tobacco (1.6 per cent) This suggests teens are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they  getting hooked on them after initially trying them.
Office of the Schools Adjudicator criticised the Oratory School in London. It said the state-funded school engaged in'social selection' in 105 ways. Watchdog said it was biased against working-class and non-Catholic children. High Court judge said the decision was 'flawed' and 'unreasonable'
Denver Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib and his brother Yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault after an altercation at a Dallas-area nightclub on Wednesday morning. During the incident, a shot was fired outside of Club Luxx in Dallas, Texas, after a physical fight inside the club. Talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011. He and his mother were accused of shooting a gun at his sister's live-in boyfriend in Garland, Texas. The defensive back could face discipline under the NFL's personal conduct policy.
The Duchess of Cornwall has created a buzz with the launch of her own honey. Just 250 jars are being produced, at £20 each, with all proceeds going to charity. Sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at Selfridges since last year.
Kestutis Martuzevicius, 52, is wanted for 22 crimes in Lithuania. He spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill. European Court of Human Rights criticised'manifestly ill-founded' case. In Lithuania he is accused of two murders, robbery and extortion.
Cocktail sausages were found on the Cuckoo Trail near Hailsham, Sussex. They were so densely packed with poison that eating just one could have killed a dog. Sussex Police have warned dog walkers to be aware when out walking their animals.
Officer Michael Rapiejko, of Marana, Arizona, hit Mario Valencia, 36, with his patrol car on February 19. Dashcam footage of the incident shows him mounting sidewalk and running into suspect. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into the suspect's body. Valencia was rushed to hospital in serious condition and later booked into jail. Local police chief Terry Rozema has defended his officer and argued that deadly force was necessary. 'That very well may be... that it's luck that he is still alive,' he said.
L'Ardéchoise site is in the stunning Ardèche region in south central France. The region is famous for the world's oldest cave paintings at Chauvet-Pont-d'Arc. With four pools and a camp 'animateur' for little ones, it didn't disappoint. Five-star park has immaculate facilities and feels safe and relaxed for families.
Husband, also 84, hit three parked cars and a wall before coming to rest by a lamp post. Woman, 84, suffered serious head injuries, broken bones and a broken neck and legs. One onlooker said the woman was 'covered in blood' and was'shaken up' Police want to speak to her once she is out of a medically-induced coma.
Darlene Feliciano, a manager at a Honolulu Walmart, was out on the Makapuu 'Tom-Tom' trail overlooking Sea Life Park along Kalanianaole Highway when she slipped and fell. Feliciano was found unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as The Puka. The unconscious woman was airlifted from the area but was pronounced dead just after 2pm Friday. Her 29-year-old companion had to be rescued from the trail but did not suffer any injuries.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was on holiday with mother Ceri and sister Antonia, 9, and brother Gerwyn, 19. They were enjoying last run of their trip in the town of Flaine when Antonia fell over. Carwyn, who friends say modelled himself on survival specialist Bear Grylls, is believed to have taken the chance to go skiing in nearby woodland. He skied 100 yards off-piste, where trees were just a yard apart, and took his skis off. It is believed he continued 400 yards, until he plunged off the side of the
Supermarket giant Coles has been ordered to pay $2.5 million in penalties after lying about the freshness of its bread. In June, It's made today, sold today slogan, was deemed misleading by the Federal Court. It was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough. The falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $300 million over three years.
Prasanna Nick Arulchelvam, 34, jumped through an open side door of their van. But he was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away in Watford. Customer in Costco car park heard 'nasty crunch' as his head hit ground. Man who pushed Mr Prasanna to his death was jailed for 11 years at Luton Crown Court. Patrick ODriscoll, who was driving the van, was given 12 years on appeal. His cousin was in another vehicle at the scene while Michael McInerney,
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Photographs show four men being interviewed by ISIS militants before they are dragged before bloodthirsty crowds eager to see their executions. The savage punishment is significantly more extreme than ISIS' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off by machete-wielding jihadis. One of the men is seen blindfolded and forced to his knees in a town square while a masked militant reads out the charges against him. Huge crowds are seen in the streets, with young fathers and their children jostling for position
In 1995, there were 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another. In comparison, that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013, according to U.N. data. More than 7.8 million immigrants live in the UK, with Great Britain and Northern Ireland having high numbers. U.S. has the most immigrants, with 45 million, and Russia has more than 11 million. Countries with the fewest number include Morocco, Mongolia, Greenland and Tunisia.
The disused Rhondda Tunnel runs 1,000 feet beneath the Welsh hills. It was closed as part of the Beeching cutbacks, a project which spelled the end for thousands and stations across the rail network in Britain. Engineers are due to visit the tunnel next week - for the first time since it closed - to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route. Under the proposals, it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world, second only to the 4,000m Snoqualmie Tunnel near Seattle in the U.S.
The Randolph, in Oxford city centre, caught fire this afternoon. Dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control. The extent of the damage to the Grade II listed Victorian building remains unclear. Aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams. No-one was believed to have been injured in the fire.
A defense petition to return 14-year-old Jamie Silvonek to the juvenile facility where she was initially sent was denied by Lehigh County Judge Maria Dantos on Friday. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is from El Paso, Texas, but was stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is charged with homicide. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered them to end it. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said.
The 2015 Australian Fashion Report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in Australia. Lowes, Industrie, Best & Less and the Just Group - which includes Just Jeans, Portmans and Dotti - were identified as some of the worst performing companies. Amongst the best performers were Etiko, Audrey Blue, Cotton On, H&M and Zara. The report comes almost two years after over 1,100 Bangladeshi garment workers died when the Rana Plaza factory collapsed.
Video captured by William Bird while out with stepson Alex, 7, in Aberdeenshire. Shows two of the £126million jets approaching RAF Lossiemouth in Moray, Scotland. First of the aircraft blasted them with thrust from its engines as it came in. As the second jet disappeared from view in the clip, the camera was knocked sideways.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti's muse Fanny Cornforth died penniless in a Sussex county asylum. Details of where and how she died remained a mystery for years until her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records. The records revealed she died at the Graylingwell Hospital on February 24, 1909, at the age of 74. At the time of her death, she was suffering from'senile mania, confusion, weak-mindedness and an inability to sustain a rational conversation, a poor memory and sleeplessness'
Scott Keyes, a 28-year-old writer for Think Progress, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. He will stop by 13 countries along the way in Europe and South and North America while enjoying first class service. In the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together, which also includes free hotels, at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles. Keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two eBooks detailing his strategies.
David Burtka, 39, is a personal chef and graduate of Le Cordon Bleu cooking school. He says his four-year-old twins Harper and Gideon are 'crazy eaters' and have 'incredible palates' Gideon favors clams, sushi, octopus, grilled pork, steak, Parmesan cheese, coconut, and spices like ginger, mint, and cinnamon. Daughter Harper prefers oysters, sardines, prosciutto, capers, duck liver, miso, and chocolate.
The Goure PX Plant in Zhangzhou, Fujian province, exploded on Monday night. It took 177 fire engines and 829 firefighters to bring the blaze under control. The plant manufactures paraxylene, or PX, a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics. Initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids.
Amjad Yaaqub, 16, said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home. The schoolboy said the ISIS fighters were looking for his brother, who is a member of the Palestinian rebel group. Yarmouk was once a thriving district housing 160,000 Palestinian refugees and Syrians. But that was before it too was caught up in the widespread civil unrest which erupted in 2011.
Cecil Hamilton-Miller, from Kensington, London, was responsible for convictions of 31 guards at the notorious concentration camp in 1945. He watched on as camp commander Josef Kramer, known as The Beast of Belsen, was marched to his death at gunpoint following his trial. The former Mayor of Glastonbury, who died in 2001, struggled to talk about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust, his family said today.
Jayson McDonald was found hiding under a bed in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Paul Monk was captured at his luxury villa in Alicante on the Spanish coast. Arrested as part of Operation Captura, a drive launched in 2006 by the National Crime Agency, Crimestoppers and Spanish authorities to catch suspects who had fled from the UK.
David Cameron appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair. In one day this week he travelled to all four home nations in bid to secure votes. He has also had to wade into a number of arguments and defend outspoken ministers. Yesterday he got into a muddle over eating a cream tea in Devon and Cornwall.
V.K. Singh is currently in Djibouti for over a week spearheading Operation Rahat. He tweeted last night in response to a channel quoting him saying that he found the evacuation assignment less exciting than his recent visit to the Pakistan High Commission. The comment evoked sharp reactions, with the Opposition demanding an apology from the Union minister.
Meter Maids started in 1965 by Gold Coast developer Bernie Elsey to stave off bad publicity associated with newly installed parking meters. Young women dressed in gold bikinis placed money into expired meters on Surfers Paradise's main tourist strip. Local business leaders say the group is no longer performing a public service as parking meter technology means expiry times are not always displayed. They believe Meter Maids are violating the council's anti-touting laws by spruiking branded merchandise. But general manager Michael Yarwood said the chamber of commerce was taking 'a terribly ill-informed position'
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, stabbed his wife Amanda eight times with a kitchen knife. He discovered she had been having an affair with a postman and attacked her. She was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso, chest, arms and back. Four months later, while on remand, he wrote to his wife asking her to 'get my things together' He asked her to send him a suit for his trial and said he needed it for the trial.
Samantha Simmonds, 42, took time off work to spend time with her three children. But the Easter holiday break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering in the car. The mother-of-three also describes working mum guilt and how she tries to squeeze in as many activities as possible.
Elijah McCrae, five-month-old son of Jessica and Andrew, died on Monday evening. He was diagnosed with fatal genetic disease Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) His parents created a 30-item 'bucket list' for their terminally ill son. The first item on the list was a trip to the Sydney Royal Easter Show so he could meet all the animals. Elijah was born strong, before becoming'very floppy' The family had hoped to take him to Sydney's aquarium and Opera House.
Boeings Space Bins can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s. The Chicago-based manufacturer said the bins have a lower lip height, making it easier to load bags and see inside. Bins have been tested by a group of frequent fliers who were hand-picked by Boeing. So far two airlines  Delta and Alaska  have ordered the new bins.
Jacob Phillips, 23, was found dead at the end of the disused Northern Promenade. He had been out drinking in Cardiff before catching a taxi with friends Padraig Crowley and Rory Robinson. Cabbie Dave Sidaway said he would not have left him if he knew where they were. Coroner Andrew Barkley recorded a verdict of accidental death at Cardiff Coroner's Court.
Drive eO has created a vehicle, named eO PP03, which runs on 50 kWh lithium-ion battery pack that drives six YASA-400 electric motors. It is capable of producing 1020 kW (1368 horsepower) and speeds of up to 160 mph (260 km/h), compared to the top speed of the Model S. The car is still in development and the company has yet to reveal its range.
Zoe Hadley, 19, had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13. She was found dead at a hotel in Putney, south west London last year. An inquest at Westminster Coroners Court heard how her parents struggled to treat her. Doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems. Inquest also heard she suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click
Bernadette Forde, 51, was found dead in her Dublin home in June 2011. Her carer Gail O'Rorke, 43, has pleaded not guilty to helping her commit suicide. She is accused of arranging for Ms Forde to travel to Switzerland to kill herself. Ms Forde was given the 'provisional green light' to go to the Dignitas Clinic in Zurich. But her travel agent tipped off the police before she was able to make the journey. The jury at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court heard she left a'suicide note' on a dict
Kate Winslet, 39, is 5ft 7in and wears a roomy size-nine shoe. Titanic co-star Leonardo DiCaprio referred to her feet as'my canoes' Average shoe size in the UK has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a six today. Stars from Elle Macpherson to Gwyneth Paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet.
Leanne Bourne suspected her partner Steve Allsop was having an affair. But it turned out to be her younger sister Larissa Knipe who was the other woman. Three years on, the pair are finally reconciling after an acrimonious family row. Leanne says she still has bad days when she can't stop crying.
Islamic State have launched their own social media rules to censor coverage of their defeats. The media crackdown appears to be an attempt by ISIS senior commanders to eradicate any knowledge of the extremist group's defeats or internal problems. Some of the rules, particularly regarding the publishing information on the location of fighters and the use of tactics, appears to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters. One of the British terror twins, Zahra Halane, previously broke the rules by announcing the death of her husband on social media.
Daisy Goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19. She says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then. Nits are the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts. It takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one. Daisy says you can win the battle with headlice but you can never win the war.
Shoshana Hebshi, a woman of Arab and Jewish descent was strip-searched at Detroit Metropolitan Airport on the 10th anniversary of 9/11. Armed agents forced her from a plane at the airport, made her undress during a search and held her for hours. Frontier Airlines, the Transportation Security Administration and Wayne County Airport Authority were named in the federal lawsuit. Hebshi has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion.
Peter Reece, his fiancee, baby daughter and mother were parked on an Ocean Shores beach on Thursday around 7pm in their new Nissan Infiniti when their tires got stuck in the sand. Reece told police that he and his family had been driving on the beach when they stopped on the edge of the surf to look at the water. The family was able to get out of the car, but his mother and six-month-old daughter were trapped inside because the wet sand was keeping the doors shut. Police arrived on scene within minutes of getting a call about the trapped family and
Oxford dominated Cambridge in a historic Boat Race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time. Female crews representing Oxford and Cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the River Thames in London as the men. Oxford claimed their fourth win in five years in a supreme show of strength in the 161st men's boat race. President Constantine Louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the Dark Blues, completing a clean sweep.
Three teenagers have been charged with the bashing of a father and his daughter. Tibur Racsits, 42, and his 13-year-old daughter Kiara were attacked outside a shopping centre in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. The youths could have been dealt with under the controversial Young Offenders Act, but the seriousness of the incident led police to charge them as normal. One boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm, affray and a count of stealing after allegedly taking a wallet and phone off the victim.
Stars like Kate Hudson, Pharrell Williams and Gwen Stefani have all seemingly discovered the fountain of youth over the past decade. While many have resorted to plastic surgery, these A-listers are still sporting glowing taut skin without going under the knife. Here, FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities whose faces haven't changed for at least 10 years.
Beckle-Raymond family left with no roof and just tarpaulin for winter. They had to live in one room for six months as they couldn't afford the repairs. Couple say they are devastated at being 'taken for a ride' by cowboy builders. It will cost £35,000 to repair their home which was left a wreck thanks to the builders.
Modern-day Martin Burgess Clock B is based on John Harrison's 18th century clock. He designed it to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea for Royal Navy ships. It has been part of a 100-day trial at the Royal Observatory, in Greenwich, to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true. Clock has since been certified by the Guinness World Records.
Tories launch poster campaign showing Nicola Sturgeon manipulating puppet Labour leader. Grant Shapps: 'Only way Miliband might crawl through gates of No10 now is if hes carried by SNP' Campaign comes as Ms Sturgeon claims she can help lead the UK SNP leader reveals that her party's manifesto will include pledges in policy areas not directly affecting Scotland.
Jack Cordero, 14, vomited all over the floor of a Powell's bookstore in Portland. The manager said the mess was 'gigantic' and had to clean it up, along with her assistant manager. But she received a handwritten apology letter and a Ben & Jerry's gift card. It read: 'I'm sorry again for throwing up and hope you enjoy your ice cream'
Around 16 million tourists visit Florence every year, visiting historical sights such as the Duomo. The last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city. Vandals have destroyed historic monuments, an influx of fast-food outlets now line the major thoroughfares and binge-drinking tourists have been seen urinating in the streets. As many as 100,000 native Florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices.
The New Yorker writer and victim of date rape wrote an essay explaining why she is pushing for 'yes means yes' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country. Amanda Chatel said the law is just one step in combating society's prevalent rape culture. The law, which was first passed in California in 2014, is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra 'no means no'
Nyia Parler, 41, was taken into custody by authorities in Montgomery County, Maryland overnight Saturday on charges including aggravated assault and neglect. Police say she traveled to Maryland from Pennsylvania either last Sunday or Monday after leaving her quadriplegic son in a wooded park with nothing but a blanket and a Bible. Parler's son, who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy, was found on Friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket, 10 feet from his wheelchair.
Philip and Victoria Sherlock have been living out of their car for three months. Had to sell furniture and take out pay-day loans after losing their £400-a-week gardener job. Couple even celebrated their ninth wedding anniversary by sharing a Twix bar in their car. But thanks to the kindness of Manchester businessman Jasen Jackiw, a Manchester business owner heard about the story on a TV programme and offered them a lifeline.
Aaron Hernandez was a rising star in the NFL before he was arrested for the murder of Odin Lloyd in June 2013. The 25-year-old was a star high school football player from a tough neighborhood in Bristol, Connecticut. He was captain of his high school team and rated as the best football player in the state of Connecticut in his senior year. Hernandez has been accused of shooting six men - killing three and wounding three others. A friend told Rolling Stone that Hernandez chose to surround himself with a 'crew' of so-called gangsters, rather than hanging out with his team mates or
Slipper Island, a 2.7 km long, 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the New Zealand's North Island, has been purchased for AUD $6.75 million. The 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer Wendy Wei Mei Wu. Her daughter Vivienne Zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase, and said her mother 'just loves the island' and 'it's a toy for her' The sale has divided the Needham family who own the island, with some of them claiming it represents' the loss of the family's
Stacey Johnson, 22, was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007. She has undergone gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Her sister Dannii, 20, became her full-time carer last year. In December 2014, Stacey was told her brain tumour had grown. Dannii had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches, so had gone to her doctor who had referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain. Both sisters were born with neurofibromatosis type 1 - a condition that causes benign lumps and
Christine Davidson was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001. The 61-year-old was told she only had nine months to three years to live. She passed away on Thursday at an Adelaide nursing home at the age of 61. Four days before she died, her family noticed her diamond engagement ring was missing. Christine and her husband Ronny were happily married for 41 years. Family has launched a desperate online appeal to have the ring returned.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from Polk Youth Institute in Butner, North Carolina, in June 1972. Moore was serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free. He has been on the run from the law for more than four decades, until Monday afternoon when he called the Franklin County Sheriff's Office in Kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive. I need to make this right and get through this, Moore was quoted as telling Sheriff Pat Melton.
Adrian Schaffner recorded the video of himself and his dog at the small skiing resort of Minschuns in Val Müstair. Perched on his shoulders looking entirely at ease is his dog Sintha  an Appenzeller mix. The dog appears to be enjoying the sensation of speed as it points its face into the wind. After a long ski to the bottom, the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground.
SNP has almost doubled its lead over Labour in a month, poll shows. Only 24 per cent of Scots plan to vote for Labour leader Ed Miliband. SNP surge since independence puts Labour on course to lose dozens of seats. Support for Ukip in Scotland is 'almost negligible', according to TNS survey.
President Barack Obama became the first president to visit Jamaica since President Ronald Reagan in 1982 on Thursday. Jamaican Prime Minister Portia Simpson Miller told President Obama she loved him and hoped he understood how important his visit was to her country. President Obama also signaled Thursday he will soon remove Cuba from the US list of state sponsors of terrorism, boosting hopes for improved ties as he prepared for his encounter with President Raul Castro.
Trevor Noah, 31, and Dani Gabriel, 28, started dating in early 2014 and have known each other for at least four years. Gabriel runs her own physiotherapist practice in Cape Town and has several family members in the city meaning she may have been reluctant to relocate to America. Noah's Lost in Translation comedy tour took him back to Cape Town from February 24 until March 1 and it's likely he and Gabriel had a heart-to-heart during this time. Though the pair split, a source close to Noah said that they are still friends.
The payout by Maricopa County, Arizona, comes after it emerged that Patrick Morrison continued to assault his mentally-disabled niece, Sabrina Morrison, and even got her pregnant when detectives failed to properly investigate the case. Her rape was among more than 400 sex-crime cases that were inadequately investigated or not looked into at all by Sheriff Joe Arpaio's office over a three-year period ending in 2007. Morrison, from Mesa, first raped his niece in March 2007, and after she told a teacher the following day, authorities performed a rape kit on her. Even though the kit showed traces
Lily Sharp, 19, decided to prank her mother by faking her own kidnapping. She pretended that she had been kidnapped by a man she thought was a decorator. The prankster sent her mother a series of texts pretending to be the intruder. Her mother was completely shocked and demanded a ransom for her daughter's return. After realising that it was all a joke Lily reveals that she has been kidnapped.
Vin Los, 24, stars in a new campaign for underwear brand Garçon Model. The Montreal-based model has 24 tattoos on his face, neck, chest, arms, legs, and stomach. He says he wants to become the most famous man in the world and wants to build a paparazzi empire.
Jill Scott was sent off during Manchester City Ladies' 1-0 defeat by Arsenal. England international reacted angrily to a challenge by Gunners defender Jade Bailey. Chioma Ubogagu scored the winning goal in the 36th minute at the City Football Academy. Scott tweeted an apology for the incident after the game.
Former Olympic swimmer Eamon Sullivan proposed to his girlfriend Naomi Bass. The proposal took place in Kyoto, Japan two weeks ago, and the happy couple are now back in Perth. Sullivan presented Bass with a two-carat solitaire set among 14 pale pink diamonds the colour of cherry blossoms, a reminder of where the special moment took place. Bass said she was so overwhelmed that she just 'kept laughing and crying'
The limited edition Apple Watch is available in 24 karat gold, rose gold or platinum. It is also adorned with a one carat diamond plus hundreds of smaller diamonds in the strap. The watches are part of Goldgenie's Apple Watch Spectrum Collection and are available to pre-order now. They can be ordered with a matching diamond encrusted solid gold link bracelet strap, or a more exotic skin including crocodile and python skins. In Australia, for example, the most expensive 38mm Edition costs $21,000 AUD, which converts to £10,832.
Poets House is a three-minute walk from the cathedral in genteel Ely, Cambridgeshire. There are 21 rooms, all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds. The hotel is as much a Sex And The City retreat as a hideaway.
Officers in Mesquite, Texas came upon the burning SUV belonging to 25-year-old Hector Valles, who was unresponsive and wedged behind the wheel. Valles' clothes had begun to burn as Officers Ryan Nielson and Autumn Soto finally unpinned him from the car. Moments later, while the officers were still dragging Valles across the pavement, the fire in his SUV erupted ever further, fully engulfing the interior.
Public land managers are desperate to reduce the most recent'significantly rampant population' of the pest. It comes after over 30 government bodies scattered carrots laced with calicivirus around public areas in March. A second smaller scale program is likely to be implemented in May across 10 areas as well as the Central Coast. The program has been implemented annually for the last nine years as a way of managing the pests.
Paul Simon's latest album, The Ultimate Collection, outsold albums by Ed Sheeran, James Bay and Sam Smith. It is the first time he has reached the top of the album chart since The Rhythm of the Saints in 1990. The greatest hits record includes 19 tracks from Simons 50-year career, including Mrs Robinson and The Only Living Boy in New York. Simon is currently on his On Stage Together world tour with Sting.
Sarah Watson, 34, had a brief liaison with Manchester United defender. But the fling turned into a nightmare after she was falsely accused of trying to extort £100,000 from the footballer. Now pictures have emerged which appear to reveal Ms Watson's party girl lifestyle. In one, she is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of an unknown white power in Las Vegas.
Johanna Powell, 37, reported missing after boat she was travelling in hit a rock in Laos. She was travelling on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the Mekong river with three friends. Crew, tour guide and other passengers swam to safety, but Ms Powell disappeared. Rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her. Foreign Office confirmed a body has been found, but it has not yet been identified. BBC Wales said they were'very concerned' about their picture editor colleague.
Packs of Cadbury chocolate Fingers have come down by 11 grams to a weight of 114g. Popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer, Burton's Biscuit Company. Price at Sainsbury's has risen from £1 to £1.50 over past year, but it has come down from 80p at Tesco. Move is latest evidence of how brands are cutting back on pack sizes without price cuts.
Bryan Stow was beaten and left for dead outside LA Dodgers' stadium in 2011. The father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months following the attack. He was awarded $18 million compensation but has not received any due to legal delays. Last year, Stow shouted 'Play Ball' during a World Series match between the Giants and Kansas City Royals.
TV presenter Guy Martin wrote a review of the £203,000 Aston Martin Vanquish supercar. He test drove it on the Isle of Man's TT course, which has a speed limit of 40mph. The 33-year-old said he reached speeds of up to 180mph in a 40mph zone during review. Police confirmed they are now investigating after the review was published earlier this month.
Judy Murray, 55, has had a makeover since her appearance on Strictly Come Dancing last year. But she could be outshone by Leonore Sears, 53, who has long been admired by those on the tennis circuit. The ceremony, in Murrays home town, Dunblane, is being hailed there as the event of the year.
Five-year-old Jerry Tarkanian suffered a stroke at about 4am on Friday. His parents said he complained of pain in his legs and was taken to hospital. Danny and Amy said he's undergoing testing and is showing signs of improvement. The boy's grandfather, Hall of Fame college men's basketball coach Jerry. Tarkanian, died in February, aged 84.
Ed Miliband pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers today. Labour leader promised a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. Exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for British workers. A new unit of 100 staff would work with the Gangmasters Licensing Authority, police and Home Office enforcement staff, he added. But Nigel Farage and Tory Immigration Minister James Brokenshire dismissed Miliband's ideas.
Topshop and Topman set to open second Sydney store at Westfield Miranda. Brand will host four days of shopper specials including guest appearances, opening offers, complimentary stylists and giveaways. Cheyenne Tozzi and Home and Away's 'River Boy' Nic Westaway will host the launch celebrations. London black cabs will escort fashion bloggers to the event in a nod to the brand's English heritage.
Jin Pai, 35, was standing on the rim of a toilet when it smashed to ground. He had not wanted to let his bottom touch the seat as he was 'worried it might not be clean' But he was caught out when the porcelain toilet tipped over and shattered. The man was found bleeding on the toilet floor after he had telephoned his travelling companions for help.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack, 62. Teenager is being held in crowded cell in Bali's Kerobokan prison with baby Stella. Justice and Human Rights Minister Yasona Laoly called in unexpectedly to visit teen today. He offered Mack chance to place baby with a family to care for the child. Baby Stella Schaefer named after Mack's boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, who is facing 18 years in jail.
A gang of high school students were caught on camera as they brutally attacked a man outside a gas station in Memphis, Tennessee on Monday. Orden Williams Jr. ended up covered in bruises because of the unprovoked attack, and his baby was also almost hit by the teens. Staff inside the store had to hold shut the doors as the teens tried to break in, seemingly ready to attack again. Police arrested Joe Brittman, a student at Northwest Prep Academy, on Wednesday for his part in the attack.
Wiley Bridgeman, 60, and Kwame Ajamu, 57, were exonerated last year after spending decades in prison for wrongful murder convictions. The brothers served a collective 66 years for the murder of Cleveland businessman Harry Franks in 1975. They were convicted after a 12-year-old boy recanted his testimony as an adult and said he never witnessed the crime. Previous inmates exonerated after periods in prison have received up to $1million for each year spent incarcerated.
TV chef Gizzi Erskine, 35, poses with pet cat Kimchi in cat magazine Puss Puss. Admits her feline loves poppadoms, tortilla chips and taramasalata. 'She wont eat anything unless its proper meat,' says the London-based cook. Gizzi also recently added a new addition to her cat family, Ponzu.
Tony Morris QC is mounting a landmark legal challenge against Queensland's speed-camera laws. Mr Morris says he wasn't driving when his Volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50 km/h zone last year. He has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817, arguing it's unconstitutional for a Queensland court to fine him when there's evidence he was not the driver. The case will go to Court of Appeal within weeks.
A 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty. The transgender boy has felt as though he is living in the wrong body since he was a child. He has been given permission by a Brisbane-based judge to receive testosterone injections. During a Family Court hearing, judge Michael Kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself because he was so unhappy in his female body.
Luke Shambrook was last seen leaving Candlebark Campground in Fraser National Park, central Victoria at 9.30am on Good Friday. It is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since. Luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused, and he may not even be aware he is lost. A widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing, dog squad, local police and SES members.
Toby Perkins, deputy chairman of Labour election campaign, sent email to interns. Revealed that they are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts and £25 per week for week. Labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all, making them volunteers rather than workers. MP Julia Cambridge, who is running against Mr Perkins, said: 'This smacks of utter hypocrisy'
North Sea has warmed four times faster than the global average in the past 40 years. This means species won't be able to migrate north to avoid warming temperatures. As a result UK fisheries will need to replace current species with those that prefer warmer water. These include John dory and red mullet, for example, as well as haddock and plaice. And due to higher temperatures, numbers of many of the species are predicted to fall.
Kazi Islam, 18, sent texts to Harry Thomas, 19, who had learning difficulties. Pair met at Barking and Dagenham College in October 2013, Old Bailey told. Mr Thomas confided in Islam about a break-up with his girlfriend. Islam then began bullying and grooming Mr Thomas, the court heard. Used 'cake' as code for bomb in messages, but Mr Thomas didn't understand. He replied: 'Cake? U mean the b o m b', jury was told.
Dave Rickard, 72, and his wife Brenda, 67, were on holiday in Caernarfon, North Wales. Daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea and was pulled from the water by a fisherman. Mr Rickard gave the West Highland terrier the kiss of life after she was feared to have drowned. The couple, from Rugby, Warwickshire, had been on holiday with their daughter Karen, 36, and two grandchildren.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars co-host Erin Andrews, 36. He was reportedly found with cocaine and Molly in his swim trunks at a pool party at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday. Stoll, who currently plays for the Los Angeles Kings, was booked for drug possession and released on $5,000 bond. Friday was the two-year anniversary of MGM Grand's popular club Hakkasan, an event featuring Tiesto that brought out names like Christina Aguilera. Andrews posted a photo of a romantic
Peter Morris was devastated when his sister, Claire, died in a car crash in 1994. He believed she had died in an accident, but it took two decades for the truth to be revealed. Claire had been murdered by her husband, Malcolm Webster, then aged 33. Webster had drugged his wife at their home in the Scottish village of Tarves, where they had settled after their wedding. Then deliberately crashed their car and, after making his own escape, set it on fire so Claire had no hope of survival.
Woman was watching Pittsburgh Pirates take on Chicago Cubs at PNCP Park. Was making her way back to her seat during second inning on Monday night. Ball was hit behind by Cubs' Starlin Castro and careered into her head. There was a net in place but she was hit because she was standing so close to it. Incident caused a 22-minute delay in game as EMTs placed her in a head brace. She was then transported to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness.
A man was caught on video savagely beating an elderly truck driver along the side of Route 95 near Baltimore, Maryland. This after the old man hit the aggressor's car as he changed lanes and, according to the truck driver, cut him off. The truck driver tried to ward off his attacker, even swinging what appears to be a tire iron at one point, but still the beating continued. Tommy Solis, who filmed the incident, eventually got out of his car to try and stop the fighting. That is when the friend clocked the man and left him passed out cold on the side
Natalie Swindells, 26, eats four bowls of the cereal every day. She can't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for 20 years. The bank worker stopped eating most other foods from the age of two. Consultant dietician Sian Porter said: It might not sound like it but Natalie is getting a pretty balanced diet'
Rutherford, 46, claims her children were illegally deported to France when a California Court awarded custody to her ex-husband Daniel Giersch, 40, in 2012. The case was dismissed with a court order stating that it did not have the jurisdiction to force the kids, son Hermes, 8, and daughter Helena, 5, to come back to the United States. She claimed that no other U.S. court has ordered children to live in another country when they have an able parent in the US. But the dismissal of her case states that Rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene
Peter Kelly, a volunteer high school wrestling coach, was stabbed in the chest beside the St Croix River at 9.45pm on Tuesday as he fished with a friend. The two men were on the Minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the Wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down. For the next three hours, Kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers. One of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed Kelly, who died at the scene. After the stabbing, the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still
Scores of Syrians wait in line for hours for food in self-declared capital Raqqa. Pictures posted on Twitter by anti-ISIS campaign group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. They risk their lives every day by documenting atrocities from inside the city. ISIS prides itself on its well-oiled propaganda offensive, pumping out images, videos and a weekly English-language magazine.
Channel Islands Heritage Festival celebrates 70 years since liberation of the Channel Islands. Guernsey, Alderney, Jersey, Herm and Sark have never before combined to stage such a big event.  Liberation Day itself will turn St Peter Port and Jersey's capital St Helier into swirls of people and music.
The leaders of places with names like Molossia, Westarctica, Vikesland and Broslavia are coming together at the Anaheim Central Library for MicroCon 2015. These self-proclaimed micronations print their own stamps, wave their own flags and mint their own money. Most of their citizens have a population of less than 10 and many don't even live on the land at all.
Dr Frederic Brandt, 65, was found hanged at his home in Coral Gables, Florida, on Easter April 5. Some friends said he had been left 'devastated' by a character said to have been based on him in the Netflix comedy show 'The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' In the series Martin Short plays a dermatologist called Dr Grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin  almost a mirror image of Dr Brandt. There was no mention of the show, or appearances by any of his many celebrity clients, at a memorial service held at the Temple Israel in
Logan Kehoe, 13, was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex in Costa Teguise. Emergency services dashed to the pool on Saturday afternoon but despite paramedics performing CPR on Logan, they were unable to save him. Tributes have been paid to the youngster who was a pupil at Bishop Challoner Catholic College in Kings Heath, Birmingham. Head teacher Kevin McEvoy said: 'Logan was fully involved in the daily life of the school'
Ukip leader Nigel Farage has resorted to traditional campaign methods to get out the vote. Mr Farage was out in Thanet South today after polls showed he had fallen behind the Tories. A ComRes poll last weekend found Mr Farage trailing his Tory opponent Craig Mackinlay by 1%. Comes after the PM and Lib Dem Nick Clegg were snapped with mothers and their babies.
Liftoff of the 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm EDT/2033GMT from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. But poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark. Elon Musk, founder of SpaceX, tweeted: 'Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud' The company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed Falcon 9 at 4:10 pm ET tomorrow. If the weather holds out, SpaceX is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform
Shona Banda, 37, has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after Kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody. The boy told school officials that his mother and other adults in his home were avid drug users and that there was a lot of drug use occurring at the home. Banda refused to allow officers to search the home, and police stayed at the scene and denied her entry to it until they arrived with a warrant. A search subsequently found about 1¼ pounds of marijuana and a lab for manufacturing cannabis oil on the kitchen table and counters
Squiggles are thought to be a 'code' for crooks giving details about the building. Lanarkshire Police have urged anyone who has seen them to call them on 101. The code has only been spotted in East Kilbride, Lanarkshire, where 'X' marks were daubed on several garden sheds.
Anil Saxena, from Mumbai, uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a zebra's stripes to a pair of hands knitting a green field. He prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques, saying: 'If the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed, I'm doing my job well' Anil's photo manipulations blend the everyday with the bizarre.
Art and photography community, BoredPanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their 'true nerdy colours' Parents have taken to the thread with professional photography shots of their trussed up newborns. Dressed as characters ranging across fantasy and sci-fi movies, books, TV shows and comic books, babies are seen in different scenarios and positions.
Illinois State associate coach Torrey Ward, meat processing business owner Scott Bittner and bar owner Terry Stralow have been confirmed as among the dead. Cessna 414 crashed near Bloomington, Illinois, shortly after midnight on Tuesday. Party had been at NCAA championship game between Duke and Wisconsin in Indianapolis. Ward had made a last tweet showing off his transport to the game. He posted a picture of an aircraft different to the Cessna on Twitter. Bittner was married with a ten-year-old son and daughter. ISU's deputy director of athletics for external affairs
Cody the Havana cob was trapped in Anderson Way, Belvedere, south London. It took 18 firefighters an hour and a half to free the horse from the muddy ditch. Owner Tracey Hannant said Cody looked like 'Black Beauty' when he was freed.
Frances Bean Cobain has spoken out about her documentary Kurt Cobain: Montage of Heck. Revealed she's not a fan of her dad's music and is more interested in Oasis, Brian Jonestown Massacre and Mercury Rev. Describes Nirvana frontman as 'abandoned in the most awful way possible' Says he 'became even bigger after he died than when he was alive'
Tommy Connolly hadn't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on Facebook out of the blue in December. The 23-year-old Sunshine Coast University student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing Australia as a champion sprinter. He messaged his cousin Angela* to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless, illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant. Mr Connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the Gold Coast, let her move into his flat, took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is
Britain's Got Talent returns to our screens for a ninth series tomorrow. The auditions for the nationwide search for a Brit with very special talent will be televised for six weeks. We look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme. From Paul Potts and Diversity to Attraction's questionable tactics and Jai McDowell's 'album flop'
Island of Saint Helena was discovered by Portuguese explorer Juan de Nova in 1502. It lay undiscovered for around 14 million years, 1,200 miles from the coast of West Africa. The island, which is smaller than central Paris, has just 4,200 inhabitants. Early next year, a £218m airport will open on the island, making it more accessible. As it stands, the only way to reach the island is via the RMS St. Helena, a Royal Mail Ship.
Spending on consultants has doubled to £1.4billion over the past four years. Now makes up more than ten per cent of all foreign aid spending. Hundreds of team leaders working on aid projects earn at least £120,000 a year. Daily rates of between £800 and £1000 are commonplace, it is claimed.
Aracely Meza, 49, and the boy's parents believed he had a 'demon' inside of him, and starved him for 25 days, giving him only water four to five times a day. Witnesses told police the toddler fell and hit his head several times, but she hesitated to help him 'due to his demon possession' Meza was charged on Monday with injury to a child by omission and is currently being held on a $100,000 bond. Police believe the child was dead during the ceremony but that his parents took his body to their native Mexico for burial without reporting the
A man has died after he was crushed by a garbage truck in Melbourne's west. Police say the man was collecting bins in Footscray early on Saturday morning. The truck rolled forward, pinning him between the vehicle and a pole. Paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene. Another man died and two others are fighting for their life after a car crash in east Melbourne.
Metropolitan Police'missed crucial CCTV footage until one week later, it is claimed. Worker based 50ft from crime scene handed 'crystal clear' footage to police on Monday last week. Claims it is of a significantly higher quality than the video currently in the public domain. But police have refused to make the images public, despite claims it is the best yet. Comes after force was criticised for ignoring alarm that went off on Good Friday. Police recorded call but graded it so that 'no police response was deemed to be required'
Morrisons has brought in halal-only pick and mix counters to cater for Muslim customers. A selection of 36 sweets - including cola bottles, jelly beans and gummy bears - are on sale. All are guaranteed to be free of animal products or alcohol-based ingredients. The supermarket has been praised by Muslim figures after announcing the move.
James Ward, 31, of Burnley, Lancashire, was attacked with an axe at his home. The father-of-six was left with a severed finger and wounds all over of his body. Surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head, legs, and back. He is now in hiding and is too afraid to return home because he fears his attackers will kill him. A 23-year-old man appeared before magistrates in Burnley charged with aggravated burglary and grievous bodily harm.
Oxford scientists say a Mercury-like body struck the young Earth 4.5 billion years ago. The object would have been the heat source for our planet's core. It also explains where some rare-Earth elements came from. And the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon. If true, it would raise further questions about how Earth ended up in its present oxidised state, say the scientists.
Jessica Knight, 4, suffers from pica, a rare eating disorder that causes cravings for non-nutritious substances. She can't stop eating carpet underlay and stuffing from armchairs and soft furnishings. Other snacks include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks. Doctors say they are unable to treat her until she is six years old.
Amanda Taylor, 24, charged with first-degree murder in the stabbing death of Charles Taylor, 59, at his home in Ellet, Virginia. Taylor's alleged accomplice, 32-year-old Sean Ball, was found wounded on the side of a North Carolina highway after she allegedly shot him. The mother of two allegedly stabbed Charles Taylor to death in retaliation for last year's suicide of her husband, Rex Taylor, last August. She blamed Rex Taylor for introducing her husband to drugs at age 15, which led to his depression, which ultimately led him to commit suicide last summer.
Bernard Whalen's new book 'The NYPD's First Fifty Years' charts the early rise of the world renowned police department from it beginnings in 1898. A variety of men led the force through its formative years, 21 in total. Some were forward looking, some practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels, larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty. At the helm of the NYPD from 1934-45 was Lewis Valentine, a stalwart of the force who had a reputation for brutality.
Bernie Madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer's girlfriend to become his mistress. He met Silvio Eboli at a Christmas party in 1997 at the Montauk Yacht Club with his son Mark. Mark Madoff later committed suicide over his father's fraudulent activities. Madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $65 billion Ponzi scheme.
57% of adults claim to use a discount store like Poundland every week. Of those 53% are in the top A/B social class, earning more than £35,000-a-year. News comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of Aldi and Lidl. Poundland's sales grew 13% to £998 million last year.
Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is the app from the reality star, which uses her likeness and voice. Users have to build a celebrity empire similar to Kim's. The 34-year-old launched the highly lucrative app last June, and has an estimated 28 million downloads. Lindsay Lohan also launched her own game, The Price of Fame.
Most 'normal' period pain can be treated with ibuprofen or an anti-inflammatory. But severe symptoms such as back or leg pain or bleeding at unexpected times of the month can all point to a more serious condition. Endometriosis is a condition where bits of the uterus lining grow in other places outside the uterus. It can take up to ten years to diagnose properly.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, allegedly targeted 11 black female cadets aged between 15 and 25. It is claimed that he went on to rape one of them at Mitcham Barracks Army Careers and Information Office in Croydon. His alleged victim's cousin told Southwark Crown Court she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
Explosion on a Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road. The flames shot well over 100 feet into the air, witnesses said. Traffic heading north and south on Highway 99 in Fresno was halted by the explosion about 2.30pm as flames towered over the roadway. It was not clear what caused the explosion at the Fresno County Sheriff's gun range.
Terry McCarty was just six when he was engulfed with flames after his brothers filled a bowl with kerosene which was set alight and accidentally knocked on to him. He endured 58 operations and cruel taunts from bullies who called him Freddy Krueger because of the scars on his face, body and arms. But he was determined to overcome the harrowing experience that had crippled his confidence for years. Becoming a fireman was a'spur of the moment decision' and he said: 'I thought if I could do this, people would realise I can do anything'
Sarah Vine says the BBC need to look further than just at finding a replacement for Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. She says she's perfect for the job, and her qualification is entirely basic: she loves cars. 'I like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards. I like the mad ones with three types of suspension,' she says. Vine says Top Gear is definitely not just for male petrolheads - 40 per cent of the show's audience is female.
Prince George's birth in 2013 sparked a £247m sales bonanza for makers of royal memorabilia. Experts say the second royal baby is unlikely to have the same effect. Between £60 and £70m is predicted to be spent on champagne and cake rather than souvenirs. Scores of companies are hoping to cash in with plans for mugs and beauty boxes. Royal Mint is also to produce a commemorative £5 coin.
A man who died in Texas of the human version of mad cow disease last year likely contracted it from eating beef raised in Britain, a CDC report has revealed. The unnamed man, who died from variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob (vCJD) disease in May 2014, was a naturalized U.S. citizen originally from the Middle East. He was originally misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the vCJD death sentence.
Peter Tait is headmaster of Sherborne Preparatory School in Dorset. Claims parents have become 'dervishes' about their children's education. Warns that interference could end up hindering their natural development. Says modern trend of interfering stems from parents being bombarded with information.
Dane Bowers, 35, is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee Miss Wales Sophie Cahill in February. Accused of hitting 31-year-old glamour model in front of her young son, causing a bloody nose. Bowers, of no fixed address, was charged with common assault in connection with incident. He will appear before magistrates in south London next month charged with assault. The singer and the former Miss Wales got engaged in December 2013 when he popped the question.
Peter Hiett, 49, worked at Feltham Young Offenders Institution for eight years. Claims staff would put inmates in cells and leave them to fight out any differences. He said some workers would stay and watch while others 'turned a blind eye to it' Former guard also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in Hounslow, south west London. Revelations echo scenes from 1999 film Fight Club, in which gangsters organise fights.
Ellie Harrison, 37, says she knows she will fall out of favour on the show one day. She says that as a woman 'what you get is not down to you' and she wouldn't be surprised if she was replaced. The mother-of-two joined the BBC show in 2011 and says she'd love to stay for 'a long time' Her appearance has always been a sensitive area on Countryfile.
Anthony Barbour, 33, from Liverpool, takes his camera everywhere. Spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one image. His pictures showcase Sefton Park and One Shopping Centre in Liverpool, Mudeford Beach and Durdle Door in Dorset, Burley Village in the New Forest and North Wales.
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, teamed up with two male friends on project. Launched social experiment to find closest lookalike within 28 days. Found her match in Karen Branigan, 29, a fellow Ireland native who lives just an hour down the road. Pair met in real life and took some eerily twin-like photos together. 'I cant remember the number of times I said "this is so freaky", it was truly amazing'
Swan has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron for £279.99. The steam is forced out of the generator through a hose into the iron. It shoots out at 90g per minute  twice as fast as conventional steam irons. But does it really make things easier? Tessa Cunningham finds out.
Stephanie Scott's body was found in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW on Friday evening. The 26-year-old teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Mothers have taken to a community Facebook page to express their grief over the loss of their children's 'favourite teacher' Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Police will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the Netherlands in an attempt to run a
The 19-year-old model and seven other up-and-coming models were chosen by the magazine's global fashion director, Carine Roitfeld, for the spread titled Beauty Queens: Where Beauty Meets Fashion This Season. The images, which will appear in all 32 editions of the international magazine, debuted yesterday online.
Fullips device, a sort of suction-thimble, has gone viral online. Team behind it claim it can achieve an Angelina Jolie-sized pout without resort to chemicals. The device works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus. This draws blood to the surface of the lips, which swell.
Douglas Murphy, 47, from Brooklyn, New York, scraped his ankle against a bin bag. A cut so small it was hardly visible, became infected, causing necrotizing faciitis. Surgeons were preparing to amputate his right leg when antibiotics began to work. As a result, his leg was saved and he is now completely healed but still needs crutches.
Lesley Conman's daughter Abbie, 12, was sent sexualised messages by a 17-year-old. Kerry Green's daughter Emily, 13, was also targeted by an online pervert on Facebook. Both mothers contacted Humberside Police but the force did not take any action on either occasion. Ms Conman was told that no offence had been committed so officers could not do anything. Humberside Police said young people can help themselves by not engaging with them.
Nicola Sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in Britain. Not because she might well cosy up to Ed Miliband and keep David Cameron out of office, but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age, income and office. In 2001 she dressed according to the Angela Merkel school of leadership  a boxy, androgynous look from a woman who had lost her waist along with her sanity. Today she has shed pounds, bleached her hair, squeezed her feet into Kurt Geiger heels, and for the leaders debate last week, rocked a coral two-piece by
Zhao Pingan's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital. Both of his parents were killed in the accident, but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last March. Chinese media reported at the time that the baby boy had been 'catapulted' from his mother's womb as the truck ran over her, ending up ten feet away from her. The baby was given the name Zhao Pingan which means'safe and sound' in Chinese.
Dina Nemtsova, 13, made her debut in a photoshoot for Yulia Prohorova White Zoloto. Appeared alongside her mother and Nemtsov's partner, Ekaterina Odintsova. She posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design. Nemtsov, 55, died on February 27 when he was gunned down near the Kremlin.
Neurio claims to make an ordinary home smart using a Wi-Fi power sensor and a cloud service. The $250 (£168) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices. It monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on, if their washing is finished and if the water is cold, for example. When used with another app, Neurio can be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely. Some customers have saved as much as 44 per cent on their energy usage, the company says.
Ashley Jiron, owner of P.B. Jams in Warr Acres, Oklahoma, noticed that someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant. She taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward, so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge. The notice read: 'To the person going through our trash for their next meal, you're a human being and worth more than a meal from a dumpster' A customer called Greg King noticed the message and posted a picture of it on his Instagram page with the hashtag #th
Virginia Roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile US attorney Alan Dershowitz. He said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself. Miss Roberts has also been branded 'despicable' by model agency owner Jean Luc Brunel. Mr Brunel said that he was 'devastated by unfounded accusations against him'
Alison Saunders said her job was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases. But she was accused of ignoring rights of victims and perpetrating Establishment cover-ups. Theresa May became the first Cabinet Minister to question the DPPs judgment. Leicestershire Constabulary, which has investigated Lord Janner four times over the past 25 years, is considering a legal challenge against the decision.
Jeremy Clarkson was due to host Have I Got News For You later this month. It would have been his first appearance on BBC since he was dismissed from Top Gear. Clarkson was sacked for hitting Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon in a 'fracas' at a hotel. Producers expect him to return to the satirical news show later in the year. He will appear on stage for a series of live motoring shows later this year.
Prime Minister will today pledge to offer public £4bn of Lloyds shares if he wins election. Shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5% on the market rate at the time of sale. Lloyds Banking Group shares were worth 78.7p when the stock market closed on Friday. Would be the largest privatisation bonanza since the Thatcher era.
Barry Lyttle has pleaded guilty to causing his brother Patrick grievous bodily harm. Patrick Lyttle, 31, was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry, on January 3 in Sydney's Kings Cross. He spent six days in a coma after the alleged attack before making a remarkable recovery. The brothers, from Belfast in Ireland, have been in Australia with their father OIiver. They wish to return home to Ireland together as soon as possible. Barry will be sentenced at Sydney's local court where the maximum jail term is two years.
Hannah Bluck, 18, has played for Wales youth national teams at U19, U17 and U16 level. She was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia in November 2013. The condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen. Doctors have been baffled by the condition, which has never been seen before on a leg bone. Hannah has not kicked a ball since and turned her hand to coaching at Swansea.
The 44-year-old said she and Alice Arnold returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006. This time they did not have a ceremony at Chiswick House, West London, nor did they invite any guests. Miss Balding has always made clear her intentions to marry once gay marriage became legal in the UK.
Joselyn Alejandra Niño is believed to have been killed, dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the Mexican border last Sunday. She achieved notoriety in January when a picture of her grasping a modified M4 assault rifle with an innocent smile on her face began circulating on social media. The woman, who looks like she is in her late teens or early 20s, began operating under the name Rio Bravo. Her two predecessors also ran into bad luck during confrontations with law enforcement.
Dorian Poe, 11, from Burlington, Ontario, sent his favorite toy bear, Tikko, out into the world in January 2013. He was inspired by the story of a cancer-stricken girl who, unable to live her own dreams of world travel, sent her teddy bear in her place. Dorian wanted to 'pay it forward' and raise awareness about autism. Tikko has visited 24 countries in his first 10 months of traveling.
Motaz Zaid was with a friend in Parsons Green, south west London, on Friday. Group of masked men sprayed them with ammonia and assaulted them with pliers. Mr Zaid, 20, was bundled into a Mercedes and driven off before being dumped. He was found dumped at the side of the A3 and remains in a critical condition in hospital. His friend, 19, was stabbed several times in the back and legs during the ordeal. Metropolitan Police said officers from Trident Gang Crime Command are investigating incident.
Darren Humphries, 37, began throwing Cadbury Mini Eggs at wife Claire, 31. He flipped when she refused to let him into her home to see their two children. Humphries forced the door open and grabbed his wife by the jaw causing her to fall back. Then picked up a packet of the chocolate treats and threw them at her head. Mrs Humphries managed to call police and her husband was arrested. On Monday he was jailed for eight weeks for assault by beating and using violence to secure entry to a premise.
Samuel Tushingham, 26, repeatedly attacked his girlfriend over a three-month period. He kicked her in the thigh, slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her. But district judge Bridget Knight told him he was 'almost too dangerous' for jail. She ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail.
Six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on CCTV working throughout Thursday night. They had successfully broken into the basement of the building in the heart of Londons jewellery district. Footage reveals they returned again on Saturday - spending another eight hours cleaning out the jewels and cash left there for safekeeping. Scotland Yard tonight refused to confirm to MailOnline whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the Mirror.
Ocean photographer Lloyd Meudell started taking images of the sea with a GoPro after being an avid surfer his entire life. He formed an obsession with photography and after purchasing all the high end equipment, he began to shoot ocean foam. 'When the tide is high, the water comes in and it breaks in front of cliffs, explodes into the air and creeps over the sand,' he said. The 40-year-old advises other budding photographers to familiarise themselves with how the ocean works before getting behind a lens.
Far-right Afrikaner Resistance Movement (AWB) is brainwashing teenagers to rise up in defiance of Nelson Mandela's hard-fought dream of a Rainbow Nation. By day they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons, all the while being told of the danger from 'the millions of blacks trying to kill you' Then by night, they are subjected to vile racist indoctrination which many hoped had disappeared from South Africa for good. Filmmakers followed their story for a controversial documentary called Fatherland by TIA Productions.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, did not offer a word of remorse as he was formally charged with a range of crimes which are likely to see him jailed for life. He was indicted for kidnapping, raping and murdering a nine-year-old. Despite being banned from France for earlier offences, he was on his way to England on Wednesday from Calais when he struck. Calais mayor Natacha Bouchart said: 'How could a foreigner with many previous convictions be allowed to move freely around Calais? There is clear dysfunction in the system'
Bjorn Ulvaeus, of Swedish pop group ABBA, has unveiled his new musical project. The Mamma Mia inspired restaurant is set to open in Stockholm in January 2016. It will be part restaurant, part stage show and part role play, focusing on audience interaction. If the concept proves to be a success, Bjorn may move it to other countries.
Arnold Breitenbach of St. George wanted to get 'CIB-69' put on a license plate. That would have commemorated him getting the Purple Heart in 1969 and his Combat Infantryman's Badge. The Utah DMV denied his request, citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations. 'They've got Viagra (ads) all over the place,' he said.
Adam Deacon, 32, accused of harassment against Kidulthood writer Noel Clarke on Twitter. He allegedly sent a number of abusive tweets to Mr Clarke's account from March to December. Deacon 'blamed Mr Clarke for trying to ruin his career' and referred to him as a 'bully' Last month he was sectioned under Mental Health Act after being charged with possession of a machete in public.
Hamish Baillie claims he was molested by Lord Janner during a game of hide-and-seek. The 47-year-old says he was 15 when he was a resident of a children's home in 1983. Father-of-three said he turned to drugs as a result of the abuse, which left him questioning myself and everyone around me Alison Saunders, Director of Public Prosecutions, concluded dementia made him unfit to plead. Baillie has called for the top legal official who decided against prosecuting him to step down.
Mysterious young soldier known as the 'Handsome man' has been drawn into the centre of an Anzac Day controversy. His image was used to front Woolworths' 'Fresh in our memories' ad campaign, which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of Anzac. Little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat. He was a soldier of the First Australian Imperial Force, and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in Sydney. Woolworths and Carrspace failed to seek permission from the Department of Veterans' Affairs to use
Video shows Cher Lair from North Carolina, cutting into a cake at her gender reveal party with family gathered around. She did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker. As she lifts up a slice of pink sponge, she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement. After falling back in surprise, she then gets down on her knees repeatedly panting: 'Oh my God'
Police in Western Australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins. Officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about Daniel Kerr, a fellow former West Coast Eagles player. The pair both made headlines in recent months, for different incidents, and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files. An internal investigation is underway relating to access, but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed.
The pound fell to near 1.46 against the US dollar, its lowest level since June 2010. Experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament. There are fears it could sent the pound plummeting by another 10 per cent. Labour have made gains in a series of opinion polls, enjoying leads in three.
Jackson Byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. The 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go. Donations have more than doubled since yesterday with over $47,000 being donated to GoFundMe.
Coral Jones, 43, has revealed she receives hate mail blaming her for her daughter's death. April, five, was abducted from outside her home in Machynlleth, Powys, in October 2012. Mark Bridger, 49, was jailed for life in 2013 for abducting and killing the schoolgirl. Mrs Jones has suffered from agroraphobia and will not leave the house on her own. She admitted she blames herself for letting April stay out on her bike 'for an extra 15 minutes'
Rona Fairhead was criticised by Margaret Hodge over HSBC tax evasion scandal. Chairman of Commons public accounts committee said she was either 'naive or totally incompetent' She will stay on for 'a further one year' before leaving the bank's board entirely. Decision marks a change from February when HSBC said she would stand for re-election.
Mohammed Suleman Khan, 43, was jailed for four years last April for defrauding taxman. His nine-year scam was exposed when police raided his Birmingham home. They found plans for a £2.3m mansion in Pakistan with library, cinema and servants. Khan was known in criminal circles as 'The General' and held'mythical' status in Birmingham. If he does not pay back the cash he faces ten more years in prison.
Government officials have insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for Group B Strep, known as GBS. This is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the UK every year. Current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be 'at risk' But a programme which offered screening to all expectant women at Northwick Park NHS hospital in North-West London resulted in not a single case of the bacteria spreading to infants.
The 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother's Altona Meadows driveway at about 2am on Sunday. He died shortly after paramedics arrived at the scene. Police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police. The man's mother and several other family members who were in the house at the time are assisting police with their investigation. No one has been arrested over the shooting.
The Baird Televisor was manufactured in 1928 - two years after Logie Baird first demonstrated a working TV system. The wooden set has a spiral punched scanning disc which has been fully restored and still has its original tube. It is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale in Cologne, Germany.
Dealing across Europe and Asia thrown into chaos by the crash of the server. Bloomberg's computer system is the world's largest dealing platform. More than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours. Trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted. Government's attempts to sell £3billion of bonds on debt markets delayed. Company blames 'combination of hardware and software failures in the network'
Labour leader was mobbed by screaming hen party on his battle bus in Chester. Bride-to-be Nicola Braithwaite was allowed on the bus and posed for a'selfie' with him. She was met by whoops and cheers from the raucous group of hens who started yelling for him to come and meet them. One of the women was heard saying: 'Hashtag Ed' and the group erupted into giggles.
Marcin Wasniewski, 34, escaped death by millimetres after crash in Coventry. His car ploughed into the back of a lorry on the A444 in the early hours of March 8. Paramedics feared the worst but he emerged from the wreckage unaided. He suffered a serious injury to the left side of his face, which has left him with a deep scar, and injured his left arm. Father-of-one is volunteering at a Christian centre until he can return to work.
'I'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering,' Paul said, predicting that she'd soon have new questions to answer about her family foundation's donations from foreign actors. Paul has been suggesting since he announced his bid for the Oval Office in early April that Clinton would'soon' face a day of reckoning over the charity's fundraising practices. Clinton embarked on a cross-country trip in an armored van she nicknamed 'Scooby' last weekend for the first leg of her presidential bid. She ditched the van within days and flew back to the East Coast
Living Dead Clothing's website crashed after the release of their new Avengers themed clothing line. There are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs, ranging in price from $45 to $100. The company beat some of the world's biggest names to snare the licence from Disney's Marvel range. Wade Lange and his team of 15 beat a who's who of global clothing manufacturers last year to ink a deal with Marvel Comics Superheroes. 'We've gone from working in a small garage to a million dollar company'
Sales of UK goods have outstripped those to the EU for six months in a row. Previously they have beaten EU exports on a quarterly basis but never for such a sustained period. Figures appear to vindicate David Cameron's'mercantile' foreign policy. They are also a major rebuff to Tony Blair's claim that leaving the EU would damage economy. Eurosceptics will seize on figures as evidence that Britain could carve out a prosperous future.
Edinburgh-born illustrator Lucy Scott created Doodle Diary of a New Mom: An Illustrated Journey Through One Mommy's First Year. Chronicles the emotional, often fraught time in a new parent's life in a series of wry, honest illustrations. Book features 120 doodles, capturing everything from a baby's first lunch out to constant sleep deprivation.
Sofia Vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancé Nick Loeb. Loeb has reportedly filed a lawsuit to prevent her from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF six months before their split in November 2013. Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm using a surrogate. It is claimed Sofia was 'physically and mentally abusive' to Loeb and 'bullyed' him. The pair twice had eggs implanted
London Mayor urges Ukip voters to'swing behind the Conservatives' to avoid 'nightmare' Warns of a 'backward-looking Labour government' propped up by an 'even more Left-wing' SNP. Insists Ukip supporters are in 'increasing psychological conflict' as they realise a vote for Nigel Farage's party is a 'vote for Ed Miliband' Comes as ex-PM Sir John Major clashed with Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon over prospect of SNP.
Hillary Clinton is expected to officially declare her candidacy for president on Sunday afternoon, a Democratic Party source told Daily Mail Online. She will first put her name forward for the White House on Twitter, and then barnstorm the Hawkeye State in what the Associated Press calls a series of'small' meetings with voters. Separately, an Iowa Republcian Party official said on-the-ground forces loyal to Hillary are rounding up Democrats via phone trees and emails in preparation of campaign appearances early in the coming week. A New Hampshire GOP political operative who works for a likely candidate who hasn't yet
A man deliberately drove his Ford Falcon ute into the doors of the Harts Range police station in the Northern Territory. The 42-year-old allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ute at full speed towards the station. Fortunately the station, which is remotely located about 240km northeast of Alice Springs, was vacant at the time of the incident. Police are urging anyone who has seen the dark blue Ford Falcon utility, with front and possible rear end damage, to contact police.
Internet Watch Foundation removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014, soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year. Nine out of every ten images of child sexual abuse found online in 2014 showed children aged ten and under. The jump came after the internet watchdog was told that it could proactively seek out abusive content online in order to shut it down.
Neill Buchel, 39, was kicked, punched and bludgeoned to death by two 'friends' Elvis Kwiatkowski and Chas Quye, both 36, were obsessed with U.S. TV show Jackass. Videos found on their phones showed Mr Buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on genitals. Mr Buchel emigrated to Britain in 2001 with his wife and daughter to start new life. He was thrown out of family home in late 2013 after spiralling into alcohol addiction. Moved in with Scott 'Gary'
FBI have released an image of a man they are trying to trace in connection with a sex abuse probe. Police believe he may have 'critical information' to help them rescue a young girl believed to be being abused. Pictures were found of a 'prepubescent blonde girl' being abused, but in one which does not feature abuse, the man is seen posing with her. The FBI stressed the dark-haired man is not suspected of carrying out abuse.
Shocking figures from West Midlands Police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage. A total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed, of were suspected of committing, a crime between 2009 and 2014. They include 41 nine year-old boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences. In both 2013 and 2014 two-year old boys were believed to be behind assaults.
Jamie Richardson, 38, and Daniel Taylor, 37, from West Sussex fined $3,000. Pair pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in Bermuda court. One allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew. The other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists. Holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term as they have only $700 between them.
Patrick Kramer is a 33-year-old artist from Springville, Utah, who specialises in creating hyper-realistic oil paintings. His portrayals vary between vivid city scenes, still-life objects, portraits and breathtaking motion-shots. The US artist works from photos and builds up delicate layers of oil paint on a board or canvas. He admits that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours to complete.
Phil Rudd, 60, was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis. The charges stem from a police raid on his waterfront North Island mansion on November 6. Rudd had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges but changed his plea to guilty. He has been remanded on bail, with existing conditions, until sentencing on June 26. AC/DC will bring their 'Rock or Bust' world tour home to Australian in November.
William 'Wild Bill' Wilson, 93, and Lillian Kerr Wilson, 89, passed away just two minutes apart from each other this week. Both were Alzheimer's patients and had to live in separate nursing homes. The couple first met in Corbin, Kentucky, where they were high school sweethearts. According to their son, Doug, they ran off to get married without their parents' blessing. Friends and family will gather on Saturday evening for a 'Celebration of life' service in honor of the devoted couple.
Durham University scientists studied a 'clump' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with itself. The discovery was made around one of the galaxies in the Abell 3827 cluster, 1.3 billion light-years away. If dark matter were being slowed down during this collision, it could be the first evidence for rich physics in the dark sector - the hidden universe all around us. Dr Richard Massey from Durham University said: 'This is the first time we've caught dark matter in the act of doing something interesting'
Columbia Journalism School issues 12,000-word review of Rolling Stone article. Said story fell apart because of 'basic, even routine' failures of journalism. But nobody will lose their jobs over the article, says Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner. Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who wrote the piece, is not expected to lose her job. Erdely admitted 'I did not go far enough' in asking for rape victim's name. She did not even know how to spell the name of the man referred to in the story.
Property buyers expert Frank Valentic gives his tips for ensuring great kitchen design. He says the key to ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation, cooking, clean-up etc. with storage for those activities within those zones. The overall design of your home really needs to come into play when designing a kitchen. Ayden and Jess were able to edge ahead of their rival teams to pull off their second room reveal win and add $10,000 to their kitty.
Shelley Dufresnein, 32, from St Charles Parish, Louisiana, took a plea deal on Thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind bars or having to register as a sex offender. When she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message: 'My mood today' Followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture, prompting her to respond: 'I'm so relieved' However she is still facing charges over a threesome she had with the same student at Destrehan High School and another teacher.
Michael Pulman, 33, from Walsall, spent £7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem. Emma Tallon, 27, paid £3,100 for liposuction on her thighs, which she feels are too big. Andrea Carter, 72, from Leighton Buzzard, has had a boob job, face lift and lipo over the years. She wants another face lift costing thousands to rid herself of her baggy jowls.
Shop owner from Mozambique was taken to a hospital in Johannesburg where he tragically died from his injuries. He is one of at least six people who have been killed in the country this week as armed gangs target foreigners in a spate of xenophobic attacks. Despite making 30 arrests overnight, police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who have torched cars and shops. Many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp east of Johannesburg. South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has called for an end
Destiny Cooke, 16, and Lajahia Cooke, 17, were brutally kicked, punched, stomped and shoved around by the mob in Trenton, New Jersey. One girl ripped out her earring out before the girl's mother threw a rock at her ear, leaving a gash that required 12 stitches. People can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting 'they gettin' busy!' or 'let her get her!' Destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair.
British Heart Foundation wants to ban junk food adverts before 9pm watershed. Survey shows two fifths of parents are badgered by children to buy food after seeing ad. Dr Sally Norton has backed the British Heart Foundation's bid to ban the adverts. Criticises Coca-Cola's sponsorship of the London Eye, noting it gives the company the chance to advertise to four million visitors a year.
Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman accused Tories of being 'out of touch' on TV. She said they were only'standing up for people at the top and everybody else is suffering' But Chancellor George Osborne said 'the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin' Both went to St Paul's School in London, where boarding costs now £10,800-a-year.
SNP leader to unveil proposals for British foreign policy, welfare payments, energy bills and English university tuition fees. Several of her election pledges overlap with Labour policy, including slashing tuition fees in England from a maximum of £9,000 a year to £6,000, and rolling back competition in the English NHS. Others are calculated to drag a minority Labour government to the left, including halting the roll-out of Iain Duncan Smiths popular changes to benefits and cancelling the Trident nuclear weapons system.
Striking picture taken by photographer Kenji Wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a Melbourne protest against the 'Islamisation' of Australia. The Reclaim Australia event in Melbourne was also crashed by neo-nazis, who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups. A number of men with shaved heads and tattoos of the swastika appeared at the event and attempted to start a fight with the protesters. Police were forced to separate the neo-Nazis and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies across the country.
April 26, 2016 marks the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear explosion. In recent years, Chernobyl and nearby ghost town of Pripyat, Ukraine, have seen an increase in tourist interest. Kiev-based tour company, SoloEast, estimates that it takes approximately 10,000 tourists there each year. The Exclusion Zone, a nearly 50kilometre (31-mile) radius of contamination, is highly regulated. Visitors are banned from touching anything, eating or drinking any food that does not come from outside the zone, and are warned against sitting on the ground.
Nathan Brown, 19, was working with his father David, an experienced electrician. They were carrying out electrical tests at Eurofabs UK Ltd in Rochdale, Greater Manchester. Nathan was told to climb up a ladder to test the lights in the building's roof. But he accidentally touched a 400-volt busbar, a metal strip which conducts electricity. The shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block below. He was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries, an inquest heard.
Sudan is guarded day and night by a team of 40 rangers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pojeta. They risk their lives to protect him from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory. The 43-year-old rhino was moved to the reserve from a zoo in the Czech Republic in 2009. It had been hoped the move would encourage them to breed, but all attempts have failed. Now just five northern white rhinos are left in the world - and three are in danger.
Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in California is the most expensive. Visitors pay an average of £187 per day according to travel money specialist No.1 Currency. Englands Glastonbury is the third most expensive with a £113 per day cost but has above average food. Exit Serbia in Serbia is the cheapest with daily costs reaching just £54.
Rachelle Owen, 16, died after being struck by a train close to Hoylake Station. Her mother Kay Diamond, 44, was found dead in a flat in Toxteth, Liverpool, in February. A 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial. Friends said the teenager 'just wanted to be with her mum' after her death.
John Daniels, 61, from Dunsfold in Surrey, has decades of experience working with animals. He used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots. The photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings. His charming snaps are the perfect way to celebrate National Pet Day, which takes place tomorrow.
Nicola Sturgeon said the 'direction of travel' was towards independence. But she refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the Union. David Cameron warned of the 'frightening' prospect of the SNP holding Labour to ransom. He urged Ukip and Lib Dem voters to vote tactically to stop 'chaos' of Labour-SNP government.
Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted in February of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in San Diego Superior Court. He was facing a maximum of 20 years but was given 18, with the judge saying the sentence accurately reflected the amount of victims he hurt. Jilted lovers and hackers could anonymously post nude photos of people without their consent, along with personal information about them, at a website called ugotposted.com. More than 10,000 images, mainly of women, were posted between December 2012 and September 2013.
Georgina Chapman, 38, does not want the accusations to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business, a source told the New York Daily News. Weinstein, 63, has emphatically denied sexually assaulting 22-year-old model Ambra Battilana during a March 27 business meeting at his Tribeca office in Manhattan. Chapman, who has two children with Weinstein, wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible, the source said. A spokesman for Chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together. He said: 'I spoke to
Rafi, 10, and Dvora Meitiv, 6, were picked up by police on Sunday for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone. Their parents, Danielle and Alexander, say they were left to panic for hours by CPS workers after their children were taken from them by police. The Maryland parents are now vowing to file a lawsuit against the state of Maryland for violating their children's constitutional rights.
The Shoe that Grows has adjustable points at the front, sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand. Pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position, triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight. When you want to take off the shoes, click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring, loosening laces so the footwear can be slipped off. Kenton Lee, from Nampa, Idaho, came up with the idea while working in Nairobi in Kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and
A. Alfred Taubman, the self-made Michigan billionaire whose philanthropy and business success  including weaving the enclosed shopping mall into American culture  has died aged 91. He died Friday night at his home of a heart attack. Taubman's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving A&W restaurant chain. But it was his rearrangement of how people shop  parking lot in front, several stores in one stop close to home  that left a mark on American culture.
The Stephens County jury found Chancey Allen Luna guilty in the August 16, 2013, death of Christopher Lane, who was shot in the back while running along a city street in Duncan. The jury recommended that Luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole. Defense attorneys acknowledged that Luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in, but contended that he meant only to scare Lane. As he was being led out of the courtroom, Luna told reporters he was'sorry' Lane's parents and sister, who had read heartbreaking victim impact statements before the verdict was announced, expressed satisfaction with
The NSW State Emergency Service anticipates calls across the Sydney metropolitan, Hunter and Illawarra regions. The SES had responded to about 15 jobs on Monday morning, mainly in Sydney metro area. Rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km are forecast to develop along the coastal fringe. Meanwhile in Victoria, residents are bracing for what could be the coldest April week in six years. Melbourne residents are set to endure a cold week until Anzac Day with ranging between lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees.
Sergeant Norman Turgel, 24 at the time, fell in love with teenage Polish girl Gena, 20. He was sent to arrest her SS guards at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in northern Germany. But Major Leonard Berney took a personal interest in their unlikely romance. Norman and Gena were married two months short of their golden wedding anniversary of 50 years. This week marks the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the notorious camp.
Only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in English country gardens. Average one usually contains a mere four species  daffodils, crocuses, roses and tulips. Almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in garden than tending it.
Coach erupted into flames on the A2 slip road to the M25 motorway in Kent. Blaze sent plumes of black smoke across the carriageway with only the driver on board. Fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames. The fire is believed to have started in the engine compartment and spread to the body of the coach.
Jessica Cleland took her own life on Easter Saturday last year. The 19-year-old was bullied online by two teenage boys she considered her friends. Coroner Jacqui Hawkins said in October that Jessica's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives of young people. Her parents are now campaigning for cyber bullying to be taken more seriously. Victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as Brodie's Law, which was introduced in 2011 after the death of Brodie Panlock, who committed suicide after being subject to relentless bullying in her workplace.
Tortoiseshell Mimi became an internet sensation after owner uploaded video to Facebook. The 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world. It features the one-year-old cat playing volleyball with Joshua Teague, 15, in the hallway. Mimi was picked to star in the TV advert after her owner saw off competition from thousands of animals.
Lorraine Kelly, 55, has dropped two dress sizes by attending Zumba classes. The breakfast TV queen revealed the secret to her trim new look in an interview. Zumba is a dance fitness programme that combines dance styles and aerobic activity. She says she has more energy and feels younger thanks to the classes.
Damon Albarn said modern pop stars are part of a'selfie generation' that just sings about platitudes. Blur frontman said they could be using their music to make political statements. 'I don't hear them saying anything other than "this is me and this is how I feel", which is an important part of songwriting, but we're talking in the context of an election,' he said. Comments come as Blur release their new album The Magic Whip later this month.
Morgan Stanley said prospect of Labour reliant on SNP would create uncertainty. Its inevitable 'anti-austerity' agenda could lead to an 'earlier bank rate hike' Goldman Sachs said Labour would be 'dragged to the Left' by the SNP. Report is double blow to Labour's attempts to convince voters economy would be safe.
A new study has revealed the changing habits of British weddings. Couples are shunning religious ceremonies when it comes to their big day. The average cost of a wedding is now £16,020 compared to £15,494.54 in 2013. 18 per cent of us are now choosing to honeymoon in the UK compared to 8 per cent five years ago.
Entertainer, 87, said it can be'more cruel to do nothing' than to let someone die. Sir Bruce's first wife Penny Calvert was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008. He helped nurse her after she was taken into the home, and she died last year. Veteran entertainer said he wants the right to end his life 'with a bit of dignity left' He said: 'If I had Alzheimers or dementia I would do something about it'
Peter Barnett, 43, is said to have caused a loss of £23,000 to Chiltern Railways. He travelled from Oxfordshire home to London Marylebone but pretended to have only gone from Wembley, in north west London. Australian-born lawyer argues that he only dodged up to £9,714.40 in fares, claiming the amount should be based on the cost of a weekly ticket and take into account annual leave. Barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between April 2012 and November 2013.
Asdas Piri Piri Chicken Pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat  two thirds of recommended daily intake for an adult. Marks & Spencer Chicken and Smoked Bacon Salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1g fat. Pizza Express Classic Margherita pizza has 683 calories and contains only 22.5 g of fat.
Nick Loeb has filed a lawsuit in California to prevent Sofia Vergara from destroying two cryopreserved female embryos created through IVF, according to InTouch magazine. Court documents, filed under pseudonyms Jane and John Doe, detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split in November 2013. Loeb, 39, is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed. Vergara, 42, has refused to 'agree to their preservation under all circumstances,' according to the legal papers. The lawsuit was first filed in August 2014 before
Italian artist Johannes Stoetter has painted two naked models to look like a chameleon. The 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots. Unlike the real thing, models can't change their colour  unless he gets his paintbrush out.
Danielle Busby gave birth to Olivia Marie, Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Parker Kate and Riley Paige by C-section at Houston's Woman's Hospital of Texas on April 7. She and husband Adam already have a three-year-old daughter, Blayke, who they welcomed into the world via IVF therapy after thinking they might not be able to conceive.
Young boy's dream came true when he met his hero R2D2 at a Star Wars convention. The pair began spinning around each other in circles as the youngster giggled in delight. Robot followed the child around the Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California. Chris Lee, who claims to be in charge of the robot, said it was one of the highlights of the event.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Normandy left the Persian Gulf on Sunday and are heading through the Arabian Sea towards Yemen, according to reports. They are believed to be joining other U.S. ships that are poised to intercept any Iranian ships carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen. Pentagon spokesman denied the ships were on a mission to intercept Iranian arms shipments.
Toyal Lotus technology was invented by German maker Toyo Aluminium. It was inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking to lids of pots. The bumps increase the contact angle at which droplets touch the surface, which in turn force the droplets to form into spheres. These spheres can't fit in between the bumps and roll off the surface. Toyson Aluminium's technology won silver place in the 2013 Du Pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with Japan's Morinaga Milk Industry
Dwayne Harvard, 46, had an argument with Steven Sutton, 36, Sunday night. Harvard claims Sutton was angry that he was giving Sutton's girlfriend, Anna Mazzetti, a ride home. As he drove off, he struck Sutton with his 2002 Ford Explorer, and Sutton clung to the hood. The two men drove through Harmar Township, Springdale, Frazier Township, East Deer Township, Tarentum Borough, Fawn Township and into Harrison Township. Sutton managed to stay on the hood as Harvard drove through seven towns. Some local police in the communities Harvard was driving through
Giant concrete arrows were once markers for early airmail flights across the US. They were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways, showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in to reach the next stop-off. Painted bright yellow and placed alongside beacon with a gas light at the top, the idea was that the markers could be seen for a distance of up to 10 miles. Retired couple Brian and Charlotte Smith have found 102 arrows so far and have set up their website Arrows Across America.
Phillip Buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the Oakland Raiders, and seventeenth overall, when his mother made the request in 2002. Buchanon, who also played for the Houston Texans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Detroit Lions and Washington Redskins before retiring in 2011, discussed the incident in his recently released book New Money: Stay Rich. He wrote the book to make sure 'the next generation of athletes doesn't make the same mistakes' he did when he finally got paid the big NFL bucks.
Mercury is predicted to soar to 21C (70F) tomorrow, with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week. Ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest April ever as Britons cool off, with balmy conditions set to continue. Met Office said most of Britain has basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until Wednesday.
Polished evergreen foliage provides a great contrast with brightly coloured flowers. Camellias are easy to grow, but picky about soil. If your soil is acid, free-draining and nutritious, they'll thrive, but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground. Potted camellias won't last as long as those in the ground.
Number of deaths every year in Britain will rise by 20 per cent over next two decades. Cost of a funeral is rising fast thanks to higher costs for cremation and rising undertakers' bills. Report says younger people will still be under money pressure even after their deaths. A simple funeral, with a cremation, a minister and undertaker, now costs £3,590.
A duffel bag containing human remains was found outside a biotechnology building in Cambridge on Saturday morning. Video surveillance led police to an apartment complex across the street where additional human remains were found in a common area. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, whose death is being treated as a homicide. A person has been arrested in the case but no details have been released.
The ten houses in Australia that won't sell, despite being heavily discounted, have been revealed. This includes a one-bedroom home in Oberon, central west of NSW, which was listed 800 days ago for $299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent. A property in Kincumber, north of Sydney, went from $889,000 to a 55 per cent cut. In Queensland, a four-bedroom property has seen a 45 per cent decrease in its asking price since it was listed for $1.5 million 247 days ago.
Diane Morris, 46, is engaged to Mike Holpin, 56, who has boasted of having children with 20 different women. Mr Holpin was criticised after admitting he didn't even know the name of some of his 40 children. Ms Morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site Plenty of Fish to meet more women for casual sex. Claims the two are 'crazy about each other' and that she trusts him 'completely'
Luxury concierge service, Bluefish, is offering the once-in-a-lifetime privilege. The tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase, the ship's huge anchors and the Marconi Room, from which the world's very first SOS was broadcast. More than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the Atlantic Ocean depths.
Five children questioned by police after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone. Fire crews in South Wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by 'unprecedented' scale of destruction. Officers call on parents to report their children if they suspect them of lighting fires.
Migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the British RAF base at Akrotiri. Experts believe it could be the only black flamingo of its kind in the world. Black flamingos are normally pink due to the high levels of beto-Carotene in their diet. It is believed to be heading to Turkey to breed after spending the winter elsewhere.
The oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old Peter Weber Jr., it's been revealed. Weber proved he piloted a plane March 30 in Placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence. He flew in both World War II and the Vietnam War, and also served as a Korean War flight instructor. 'Peter has been a pilot for 72 years,' according to Guinness World Records.
14-year-old boy from Blackburn, Lancashire arrested on suspicion of plotting attack. He allegedly communicated with Australian men over plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in Melbourne on Anzac Day. Greater Manchester Police tipped off Australian authorities who swooped on the terror suspects. Five men from Melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after British authorities passed on their findings to police in Australia. Police are now working to shore up security for a string of events taking place in London.
Plane's landing gear appeared to collapse as it touched down in Khajuraho, India. Boeing 737-800 was carrying 59 passengers and eight crew members. Jet Airways described it as 'a technical problem with the landing gear' and said reports of a fire are untrue. Passengers were forced to exit the plane via its inflatable evacuation slides.
A car plunged off a road into Los Angeles harbor on Thursday, and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died. The car left a parking lot at the Ports O' Call entertainment area of San Pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at Berth 73 of the Port of Los Angeles. Two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived. Witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is already used to treat Parkinson's and other conditions. Scientists now believe it could be used to improve memory and ward off dementia. A 'brain pacemaker' is inserted into the skull and sends electrical impulses to the brain. Tests on rats showed improved memory within just 24 hours, while rodents' life-spans were unaffected. DBS has also been shown to treat chronic pain, depression and OCD.
Fashion designer Alannah Hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma. If she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal. Hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh. She is taking a three-month break from her new clothing label Louise Love.
Families on High Green estate in Sheffield say they are being 'held to ransom' by yobs. CCTV footage shows youngsters shooting at homes and cars with air rifles and BB guns. Residents claim one woman who confronted the yobs was allegedly shot at. Police say they take reports of firearms and gun crime 'incredibly seriously' in South Yorkshire.
The video was created by the Washington-based American Chemical Society (ACS) It covers three household cleaning 'hacks' for windows, carpets and counter tops. These include how to get streak-free windows, remove red wine stains from carpets, and clean stubborn food stains from hard surfaces.
Judges have caused controversy by ordering that parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to Syria should have their identities hidden. They include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now cannot be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity. Also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughters passport.
John Coyne, 56, ran the Prince of Wales pub in Harrow Road, central London. He attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking. Victim woke at around 3am to find Coyne raping him and the landlord fled. Coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent. Police have urged people to contact them if they believe they have also been attacked.
Kelloggs makes hundreds of millions of pounds each year from sales to British families. Two main UK subsidiaries are owned by an operation based in Republic of Ireland. Latest figures show Kellogg's effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013. Payments to HMRC by some of offshoots were wiped out by tax credits elsewhere.
Beth Hall, 24, from Cambridge, plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school. At the height of her anorexia, she would live on just 10 calories a day and go three days without eating. She was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic after developing a kidney infection. Now a healthy size 8, she is studying graphic design at university and working part-time.
Eli and Silas Keslar, 18-month-old twin brothers, fell into a canal in Yuma, Arizona on Friday morning. Their mother Alexis Keslar was walking with her sons along the canal bank when she was distracted by a bee and let go of their stroller. The stroller rolled away from her and the boys were swept into the water by a strong current. Keslar desperately tried to rescue her sons, but police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept them away. A Go Fund Me
Former Prime Minister said he had 'decades' still in him and joked he would 'turn to drink' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles. Mr Blair said he himself had been'mentored' by US president Bill Clinton when he took office in 1997. He said he wanted to build up his organisations, such as his Faith Foundation, so they are 'capable of changing global policy'
Manuel Garza Jr. killed San Antonio Police Officer John 'Rocky' Riojas in February 2001. He is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in Texas this year. The U.S. Supreme Court had refused in November to review his case. Asked to make a final statement, Garza said he was sorry for causing pain to his family, friends and 'especially police officers'
Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars films, spoke Saturday night at Star Wars Celebration. The 63-year-old actor said he was surprised when George Lucas invited him to lunch and told him there was a new film in the works. Hamill said he had some reservations about the choice of director J.J. Abrams because 'he was a Star Trek guy' The actor said Abrams is the first 'Star Wars' director to be borne out of true fandom of the original films. Star Wars: The Force Awakens opens December 18.
Joel Wilkinson was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy six months ago. Condition means his muscles will slowly waste away and he will eventually need a wheelchair. His sister Phoebe, five, adores him and cares for him as much as possible. She helps him put on his shoes, fasten up his coat and even helps fetch him his cereals in the morning. Phoebe plays only'muscle friendly' games that won't tire her brother out.
National Grid has revealed the UK's first new pylon for nearly 90 years. Called the T-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons. But it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts. It is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes. National Grid is building a training line of six of the new towers in Nottinghamshire.
Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast. The Conservation Fund will resell the land to commercial interests under legally binding terms that require future owners to preserve the forest and follow environmentally sound principles for cutting and replanting trees.
Jody Marson, 30, has been identified as the prison guard who had an affair with Kieran Loveridge. Loveridge was moved to Goulburn Supermax prison because he had an 'improper relationship' with a female officer. Ms Marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the Kempsey prison. Her Facebook reveals she is a fitness enthusiast, with photos showing her cycling in ironwoman competitions. Thomas Kelly died after he was punched in the head by Loveridge on July 7, 2012.
Katie Prager, 24, was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in September 2009. Doctors predicted she would not live a year without new lungs. Husband Dalton, 23, who has already received new lungs, is pleading for help. Her insurance company, Kentucky Medicaid, will not pay for the out-of-state treatment she needs at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, he says. Dalton pleaded: 'They are turning my wife into a number, a statistic, a dollar sign. I cannot lose her. This cant be the end of our love story'
Vera Maresova, 50, confessed to killing five women and one man in Rumburk, Czech Republic. She injected massive doses of potassium straight into the blood stream of her elderly patients. This caused them to suffer heart failure and eventually die, leading to their deaths. Maresova was initially arrested over the death of a 70-year-old woman last August. But she has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014. Dubbed 'Nurse Death', she now faces the prospect of spending the rest of her life in prison.
Solomon Khoorban, 33, attacked a 16-year-old in London's Equinox nightclub in 2003. He punched her so hard in the face that she was knocked unconscious and threatened to kill her. Two months later, he raped a 32 year-old at knifepoint in Greenwich, south east London. Both rapes were reported to police at the time but he was not caught for 12 years. It took detectives more than a decade to track him down and link him to the attacks. Khoorban was jailed for 16 years at Snaresbrooke Crown
Zodiac Aerospace spoke to 30 flight attendants from four different continents. Lower deck area designed to feel spacious, private and with maximum personal comfort. Each bunk is equipped with a personal service unit (PSU) offering crew with individual comfort features. Concept was revealed at Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg last week.
Kristen Lindsey, 31, from Brenham, Texas, allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow, believing it was feral. But a local rescue center say the cat, believed to be called Tiger, was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks. Beneath the shocking image, Lindsey wrote: 'My first bow kill... lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head. Vet of the year award... gladly accepted' She also said in a comment, before she learned she no longer had a job: 'And no I
Mayor of New York is running for president as a 'leftist' alternative to Hillary Clinton. Claims come from a 'national party operative' within the Democratic Party. De Blasio's bid for presidency is backed by the Working Families Party, source claims. He hopes left-leaning 'progressive activists' will join them in supporting him. The 53-year-old has yet to endorse Clinton, despite being her campaign manager in 2000.
Christopher Barry, 53, was stabbed to death by a 13-year-old boy after a row. The boy, who is a member of the Wood Green Gang, pulled a knife from his rucksack. He stabbed Mr Barry twice in the chest outside his home in Edmonton, north London. Old Bailey heard the boy became enraged when Mr Barry refused to let him into flats. Killer, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is one of Britain's youngest ever murderers. Judge Stephen Kramer QC sentenced the boy to a minimum of 11 years detention.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring accused of ordering paint job to 'get her own back' Neighbours objected to her plans to demolish property and rebuild it with 'iceberg' basement. She is the daughter of Second World War hero pilot, George Reicher Royde. He was shot down over Belgium in 1943 and buried in Schoonselhof Cemetery. Her family claim she has failed to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death. Stepson Robert Lisle, her stepson, said: 'She has made commitments and reneged on them
Cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor Dennis Quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie. The video, which surfaced on Reddit on Monday evening, shows Quaid losing the plot after someone appears to wander into his line of sight. 'I am acting here, and this d***head wanders onto my set. I can't even get a line out until Dopey the Dick starts whispering in your ear, and you're not even watching anymore,' the 61-year-old actor screams. As one voice off camera tries to calm the actor down, Qu
Networks of neurons layered like the shells in a Russian nesting doll. Internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger, regional networks. The brain operates in a similar way, the researchers found. Discovery is result of a massive, labor-intensive effort to organize 40 years' worth of data from peer-reviewed research articles detailing connections in rat brains.
Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes to give unique insight at Chalke Valley History Festival. The event attracts more than 30,000 visitors to its idyllic venue in a Wiltshire field. It boasts more than 140 speakers, a stunning air show and living history re-enactments over seven days.
Peter Gale was fired from his position at Nonsuch High School for Girls in Cheam, Surrey. His contract was terminated due to'serious breaches' in safeguarding procedures. Chairman of governing body Tony Hyams-Parish said it was 'not an easy decision' School's bursar said the education of the 1,200 pupils would be unaffected by the sacking.
Ethan Czahor has launched Clear which removes posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer. Users can search for keywords such as gay, black or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them. In February, Mr Czaharor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for Mr Bush, the former Florida governor and potential 2016 Presidential candidate. Among the old Twitter messages he posted was one in which he called female students sluts
Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the murder of Stephanie Scott, a popular high school teacher in Leeton, 550 kilometres from Sydney. He used the name Quetzalcoalt, a mythical Aztec serpent, to write scripts for his favourite TV series, Stargate. Stanford was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family and working in the city of Rotterdam before returning to Australia as an adult. The gamer was like an invisible man in the small rural town he moved to just 13 months ago. His identical twin brother moved from Holland back to Australia in
Jeremy Clarkson, 54, has finally spoken out about his sacking from Top Gear. Admits he will'miss' fronting the BBC2 show, saying 'everyone's upset' after sacking. Former presenter Angela Rippon, 70, says she would be keen to return to the show. She said it would be 'great' if she was invited back to present the motoring show again. BBC bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto James May and Richard Hammond.
Louise Shepherd, 31, was hiking through Madidi national park in north-west Bolivia. A tree toppled onto her during a storm and she was killed instantly by the full force. She had taken a 'gap year' off work in order to go travelling around the world. Her grief-stricken parents are left having to choose a burial plot instead of planning for her birthday.
Woman, 18, was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and left for dead. She was waiting at a bus stop in Beeston, Leeds, when she was attacked on March 6. West Yorkshire Police have released CCTV footage of the man they believe to be the attacker. He had already stalked three other women in the hours before the attack on the same night. One woman was forced to flee by bus miles from where she was going to get to safety. Police have also revealed they have the attacker's DNA but so far have found no match. The man is wanted
The opening day of The Championships has been postponed until Monday. Wild weather has left Randwick Racecourse unsafe to compete on. Racegoers Susie Pleasance and Helen Quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track. Officials opted to move the $10 million program to Monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the Saturday event.
It will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange. The two presidents spoke by phone on Wednesday for only the second, known time in as many years. Obama and Castro have separate agendas for most of the day, and the White House had said a private meeting was not on the books. But they were both scheduled to attend the start of the summit along with other regional leaders on Friday evening. White House said they could have an unscripted 'interaction' there. By Friday afternoon that exchange had been upgraded
Harvey Weinsten and his designer wife Georgina Chapman turned up for the premiere of his new Broadway play Finding Neverland in New York City on Wednesday. The play, which stars Glee star Matthew Morrison and Kelsey Grammer, is based on the 2004 film of the same name Weinstein produced starring Kate Winslet and Johnny Depp. It has been almost a month since Ambra Battilana claimed Weinstein groped her during a meeting at his office.
The 18-year-old Hampton Park man has been charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He will appear in Melbourne Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. Five men were arrested in anti-terror raids on Saturday in Melbourne, after the culmination of a month-long operation code-named Operation Rising. Police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager's homes. It comes as a British teenager has been arrested on suspicion of helping to plot the ISIS-inspired attack during the First World War commemorations.
Tory candidates told to praise teachers as 'the best we have ever had' in letter-writing guide. Women told they are 'vital to the success of the British economy' while pensioners praised for 'wealth of experience' Letter templates are aimed at 'target groups' including farmers, pensioners and women. 37-page document also gives advice on how to respond to questions about certain subjects. Green Party activists told to dress in'mainstream' fashion while campaigning.
Japanese chef demonstrates how to make tiny versions of classic foods. Latest video shows chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting, sprinkles and strawberries. Cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world. Miniature Space has taken the internet by storm and has more than 900,000 views.
Naked, bloated corpses of alleged al-Shabaab terrorists paraded around Garissa. Hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of being the attackers. Comes as Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, who spent two days hiding in wardrobe is rescued. Survivor was initially too petrified to come out of wardrobe at Garissa University College. Four other survivors from the massacre at the Kenyan university were found yesterday. A total of 148 people were killed in the siege, with two police officers among the dead.
Daphne Selfe, 86, models for Vans and & Other Stories with Flo Dron, 22. The supermodel's career began in 1949 and she still commands £1,000 per day. She has never had any surgery and shies away from botox and facelifts. Says she has good genes and maintains a healthy lifestyle.
Elena Curtin of Portland, Oregon, was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault in November 2014. She came home and found her boyfriend's ex-girlfriend shooting heroin while sitting on her toilet. When she asked her to leave and the woman refused, Curtin beat her with a crowbar. Prosecutors dropped the charge on Monday because Curtin was 'completely justified in her outrage'
The Queen rode Ring of Truth in the Dubai Duty Free Spring Trials at Newbury. The 88-year-old looked nervous as her horse was narrowly pipped to the post. She looked horrified and crossed her fingers in the Royal Box as she took second place. Her Majesty had a second runner later in the afternoon but was left to rue missed chances. Newbury Racecourse is currently hosting the prestigious event, one of the most prestigious in flat racing.
'I think I have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters. I'll own up to that,' the Kentucky senator told CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer yesterday. Paul admitted  that he needs to 'have more patience' with reporters, even if he's 'annoyed' with them while maintaining that 'interviews should be questions and not editorializing' The GOP presidential candidate launched his presidential bid on Tuesday in Louisville. On Wednesday he sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie over perceived flip flops on foreign policy issues.
Graham Leonard was returning to Scotland after attending a Manchester United match. He grabbed the PA microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day. Frustrated cabin crew with his antics during the flight - including throwing a hot towel at one. On arrival at Aberdeen Airport he was seen 'talking' into the PA system then activating a fire alarm. Around 40 people had to be evacuated from the area and two units from Scottish Fire and Rescue Service were called out to the false alarm.
Reporter Ashley Roberts was surprised on air during Minnesota's This Morning show by a proposal from her boyfriend Justin McCray. The proposal came after an on-air discussion about the cost of engagement rings. 'Guys are under a lot of pressure to treat the woman to a nice big rock,' Ashley said.
Tiny home is sandwiched between two double fronted properties on leafy street in Islington, north London. At its widest, it stretches across 8ft 8in and is a little over the size of a rugby players shoulders. It has two-bedrooms, a tiny study, reception room, shower room, cloakroom, kitchen and a garden. Estate agency Foxtons has put the property on the market for £750,000 - almost double the price it sold for in 2001.
Daria Rose, 18, and her family lost everything -- including their home -- when the superstorm hit in October 2012. Rose has been accepted into Yale, Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell, and Brown. She plans to study political science and Russian literature at the Ivy League school.
Gnome appeared alongside stars including Diana Dors, Bob Dylan and Marlon Brando. It was signed by all four band members of the Fab Four following the shoot on March 30, 1967. Final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - equivalent to £50,000 in today's money. The cardboard gnome actually came in two parts and was pinned together for the cover. Experts had given it a pre-sale estimate of £17,000 but it sold for £29,000.
The WI has been told it must pay the venue thousands of pounds to serve cakes. Idea was that 5,000 members would find a box of centenary cake on their seats. But the gesture would incur a sampling charge of £2,500. Centenary cake has fallen foul of the Halls sponsorship rules. Some of the ingredients were donated by companies including Dairy Crest, Diageo and Whitworths.
Drivers must use £1 and two 20p pieces for a typical £1.25 hour's parking in Manchester. But 240 parking machines do not accept new 5p and 10p coins introduced three years ago. This means they are unable to take the correct amount of change for the parking charge. Council bosses say they are in process of recalibrating machines to accept coins. New 12-sided pound coin set to be introduced in 2017 and could cost £200million to fix.
Victor Agbafe, 17, is a student at Cape Fear Academy in Wilmington, North Carolina. He was accepted into all eight Ivy League schools as well as Duke and Stanford. Agbafe plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics. The 17-year-old hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day. Harold Ekeh, 18, was editor of his student paper and CEO of the Model UN.
The Michigan Micro Mote is the smallest computer in the world, measuring less than 2mm across. Contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light, including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight. This line of'smart dust' devices includes computers equipped with imagers (with motion detection), temperature sensors, and pressure sensors.
Wellington hosted its inaugural CubaDupa festival at the weekend. The colourful party shut down streets and spanned several blocks. Performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies. More than 60 vendors were on hand to serve food on the street. A flashmob took over a circus-themed carpark with children and even the elderly invited to take part.
Gerard T. 'The Frenchman' Ouimette, 75, died in his sleep at a federal prison in Butner, North Carolina. Ouimette was convicted of extortion in 1996 and was the first criminal in New England sentenced to life in prison under the federal 'three strikes and you're out' provision for violent offenders. He was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling, loansharking, extortion, and murder, among other crimes. In his 2012 memoir, 'What Price Providence,' the enforcer blamed the police for the nickname.
Boy, 14, held in Blackburn after police examined a number of electronic devices. Girl, 16, arrested after police raided a house in Longsight, Manchester, on Friday. Arrested on suspicion of engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism. Both were bailed until May 28 as part of an ongoing investigation.
Police were led to the site where Stephanie Scott's remains were found by the family of her accused killer, it has been revealed. Vincent Standford, 24, has been charged with the 26-year-old's murder. Police discovered the burnt remains of a woman's body - believed to be Ms Scott - in bushland in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW on Friday afternoon. The Leeton school teacher was due to get married on Saturday, the day before her body was found. A memorial service was held at the same time as her wedding ceremony in Leeton
Eileen Mason and Margaret Seabrook had been to lunch club meeting in Swindon, Wiltshire. 'Evil looking' man appeared from behind a fence and tried to rob them of their scooter baskets. Mrs Mason, 92, saw him look into basket and shouted 'Oh no you don't!' before ramming him. The would-be robber was knocked to the ground and the pair sped off into the distance.
Scientists at the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen have identified thousands of glacier-like formations on Mars. Using radar measurements from Nasa's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, they can see how thick the ice is on the radar images. A thick layer of dust on Mars covers the glaciers, so they appear as the surface of the ground. But radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust. As the ice has not evaporated into space, the dust must be protecting it. If the ice were unprotected, it would evaporate and become water vapour
Dusan Bako, 18, flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager's phone. Put his arm around the back of the girl's neck and punched her repeatedly in the stomach. Witness said Bako hit the girl 'like a boxer' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child. Boko pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a plea bargaining deal. He was jailed for fours years, eight months at Manchester Crown Court.
StatusPeople.com, the oldest publicly available Twitter-auditing tool, reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state's followers are 'good' Another tool, TwitterAudit, sampled 320,000 of Mrs. Clinton's followers and found that 18 per cent were fake. The White House purged more than half of Barack Obama's followers after a September 2013 report found that more than 50 per cent didn't exist. Michelle Obama's Twitter audience is 25 per cent fake, according to StatusPeople, along with Vice President Joe Biden's. Clinton is in Monticello, Iowa
Queensland resident Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling in Bali. She launched a social media campaign in a bid to return the sentimental ring to its owner. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and is engraved with a heartwarming message: Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny Ms Walsh has since been in contact with the owner and will be meeting with 'THE Joe and Jenny' in Noosa on Sunday.
Olivia Bazlinton, 13, and Charlotte Thompson, 14, died at Elsenham station, Essex, in 2005. They had been using unlocked footpath crossing to catch service to Cambridge. Girls' parents had planned to raise concerns at a meeting in London last week. But request to attend was turned down and families were not invited to the event.
Video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue. It then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes. One by one the small counters fall down, tapping balls into various pockets as they go. In less than 30 seconds the stunt comes to a close. The clip was uploaded by YouTube user honda4ridered.
The former Secretary of State gave details of her daughter Chelsea's pregnancy in a new Epilogue for her memoir, Hard Choices, released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run. In the new chapter, shared by the Huffington Post on Friday, she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans. She explained how in 2014, she and her husband got the 'wonderful news' that their daughter Chelsea and her investment banker husband Marc Mezvinksy were expecting a baby. Hillary Clinton was 'unab
Carol Chandler, 53, accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in 1980s. She was charged as part of Operation Winthorpe, Scotland Yard's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at St Paul's School, where former pupils include Chancellor George Osborne. Chandler is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under 16 between 1983 and 1985. Five people have now been charged by officers from investigating child sex abuse.
David Totton, 36, admitted driving a rented car into the doors of Club Liv in Manchester. He was walking through the city centre when he saw a friend in an altercation with bouncers. Totton went over to act as 'peace-maker' but was told he couldn't come in with his friend. When bouncers refused to let him in, Totton drove up to the door and 'nudged' the doors. After the doormen failed to come out, he drove off and handed himself in, claiming it was a 'prank' Judge John Michael Murray
Anarda De La Caridad Perez Friman, 37, is said to have been'suffering from post-natal depression' She is accused of killing her partner John Joseph Shannon, 31, their six-week-old baby and her daughter, four. Mr Shannon, from Liverpool, was initially accused of the gruesome murders. But police now believe that the Spanish national of Cuban descent is to blame. The family, who lived in Estepona, Malaga, arrived in Gibraltar on March 25.
Annabel Karmel is a British children's cookbook guru and author of over 40 books. She believes bone broth instead of breast milk or formula is dangerous for babies. Karmel says the paleo method goes against everything nutritionists and child health experts would advise. 'The baby won't have any nutrition they need -  its entirely dangerous and I would definitely not advise that,' she says. Sugar-free and paleo diets don't make sense, she says, you need protein, carbohydrates, fat, essential fatty acids and you need a balance of all
Julie Bishop wore a black headscarf during her visit to Iran on Saturday. The Foreign Minister said she did so out of respect for the culture. Bishop is Australia's highest-ranking official to visit Iran in 12 years. Westerners are not required by law to cover their heads. Iranian Journalist Masih Alinejad wrote a post on Facebook calling for the Foreign Minister to raise the issue of the compulsory wearing of a hijab for women in Iran. Opposition Leader Bill Shorten waded into the debate, following Andrew Bolt's comments that Bishop should have'stood up for
Ana Elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the University of Texas, Pan American. The psychology graduate student, 27, was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the Mexican border. She was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location. Miguel Angel Cruz Navarro was reportedly the ringleader of the kidnapping and was sentenced to 34 years in prison in 2014.
Larry Reid was arrested about 12:30 p.m. Monday on U.S. Highway 95 near the edge of Boulder City city limits. He was also charged with battery of a police officer, driving across a median, resisting arrest, not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun while under the influence of alcohol. The Nevada Senator's office released a statement confirming that Larry Reid is the Democrat's brother, saying only that it is 'a private matter'
Lance Corporal Leonard Keysor, 30, received a Victoria Cross for his 48-hour effort. The Victoria Cross is the highest military honour an Australian can receive. LCpl Keysor threw live, palm-sized, iron grenades from the trenches of Lone Pine. He even caught some of the bombs in mid-air, Channel 7's Sunday Night reported. His grand niece, Keira Quinn Lockyer, said it was 'one of the most sustained acts of bravery' during World War I.
Valerie Rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she had commissioned. 60-year-old then paid difference into her own bank account by cheque from school fund. She stole almost £3,500 from fund raised by parents, teachers and pupils over three years. Cash collected by children aged three to 11 and their families through fundraisers. Rutty wrote nine separate cheques into bank account she shared with her mother.
Dame Barbara Hakin is national director of commissioning operations for NHS England. Accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about impact of targets on patients. She was investigated by General Medical Council, which concluded there was no case to answer. But GMC is now reviewing part of this decision and appointing independent expert to consider if original investigation went far enough in respect of patient safety.
Marks and Spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 Miraval Rose. The £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple's Chateau Miraval estate. Wine has sold previously in the UK through specialist wine merchants. But M&S is the first to offer it up on the High street.
Just 33 per cent of voters plan on backing Labour in the upcoming election. Just 39 per cent say they will back the Conservatives, according to the ICM poll. The Tories have jumped three per cent in the last month while Labour has dropped two points. Separate poll by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft has the two parties tied on 33%. Ukip and the Lib Dems are each up three points at 13 and 9 per cent.
Madonna received a barrage of criticism from her gay fanbase today. She posted a photograph of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on Instagram. The 56-year-old pop star thanked the Iron Lady for her service to the country. But she quickly deleted the post after receiving dozens of abusive messages. Some of her fans took umbrage to the photo, which she captioned: 'Thank you Margaret Thatcher' Others reminded her that Thatcher enacted legislation that banned 'promoting' homosexuality in 1988. Section 28 of the Local Government Act 1988 was introduced under Thatchers rule.
The Truth About Medicine will be broadcast on BBC2 on Thursday at 8pm. It claims branded painkillers are just using 'clever marketing' to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products. Dr Chris Van Tulleken, an infectious diseases specialist, warns we should think less about convenience and more about the effectiveness of medicines.
Joseph Devaney and Kieron Rolstron burst into the home of John and Emma Evans. Cookie the terrier barked at the intruders as they demanded money from the couple. But Devaney brought down the machete on the dog's head to stop it barking at them. The intruders shouted 'give me your money' and 'I will stab you' at the terrified owners. Both men fled from the scene with the couple's mobile phones and car keys in the family's car. Preston Crown Court heard that Cookie required stitches and is recovering at home
Sheriff Mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing. When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old with stab wounds in a barber shop being tended to by customers. A murder investigation has been launched and police were alerted to the fact that Mr Mbye had been dropped off outside Queen Elizabeth Hospital in a white Audi.
Man, named locally as Richard Clements, 62, was mowing grass at farmhouse in Wattisham. Ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into pond and trapped him underneath. His family managed to drag him from pond and made frantic efforts to save him. Mr Clements was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering a heart attack. Police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death and file is being prepared.
Jessica Hardy, 23, from Hereford, was desperate to get rid of her ex's name tattoo. She tried to burn it off with acid but it left her skin red raw and scabby. Tattoo artist Aaron Mullen recommended laser removal surgery. Jessica appears on TLC's Extreme Beauty Disasters this week to talk about her regrets.
Jessica Edgeington, 33, of Villa Rica, Georgia, died Wednesday afternoon at Skydive DeLand in DeLand, Florida. It is the second death at the skydiving center this year, after Navy SEAL William Marston died after landing heavily in January. Edgeington was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called'swooping', where divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition.
Timothy McVeigh considered the bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing. McVeigh also viewed himself as a 'Paul Revere-type messenger' and even suggested his defense team should receive $800,000 from the government. The estimated one million pages of paper documents from Stephen Jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the Briscoe Center for American History at the University of Texas.
'Bright and beautiful' GCSE pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances. She was given cocaine, ecstasy, methadone and 'party drug' meow meow. Father warned that Class A drugs were widely available to children. He said dealers made the drugs 'incredibly cheap and available' to hook customers. The father has sent open letter to South Gloucestershire Council pleading for action.
DJ-duo Mashed N Kutcher approached people on the street and invited them to bash out a melody. The clip has spread like wildfire, clocking up over 1.25 million views in under a week. They sampled the velvet vocals of the jogger, which they described as 'actually amazing,' into an electronic dance song. 'We were pretty shocked. We had been approaching people all afternoon, and suddenly we found someone who not only sings but is willing to bust out like that on the first try,' said Matt.
A guest list of 120 people had been invited to Stephanie Scott and her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley's wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue. But on Saturday, the wedding venue was locked up and deserted as guests instead paid tribute to Ms Scott at a memorial service. The 26-year-old teacher was last seen on Easter Sunday, which sparked a widespread search until police found the remains of a body at a national park on Friday - the day before her big day. A memorial service was held 275km and three hours' drive away at Mountford Park in Leeton,
Amanda Burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord within seconds of delivery was wrong. Since the 1950s, doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage. They feared the drug could harm the baby. But Ms Burleigh, a midwife at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood. She contacted other medics, including obstetrician Dr David Hutchon, and together the group amassed evidence that stopping the blood flow so early could be harmful.
The 35-year-old is on the cover of this month's issue of Elle magazine. She discusses her marriage to investment banker Marc Mezvinsky and mothering her baby daughter Charlotte. Chelsea also discusses her relationship with Oscar de la Renta, who passed away in October, saying he 'was always giving me fashion advice'
Gruesome death rituals were performed 1,200 years ago in Peru's Cotahuasi Valley. Each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies, with infants kept in small containers, and others repeatedly ripped to pieces while decomposing. Archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs, recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as Tenahaha. The Middle Horizon period (A.D. 6001000) was a time of sweeping cultural change in the Andes. Tenahaha may have served as a 'neutral ground' where people could
Christopher Stefanoni, 50, says his son was demoted after he proposed affordable housing developments in Darien, Connecticut. The town of 21,000 is 94 per cent white, with 620 Hispanic residents and fewer than 100 blacks. Stefanoni and his wife, Margaret, filed a lawsuit in 2013 against the Darien Little League those who were in charge at the time of their son's demotion. Both the town and the Little League deny that the two incidents are linked.
Doug Gregory, 92, had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was hit by a car. Ex-Spitfire pilot suffered serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over Nazi-occupied Europe. Mr Gregory flew Beaufighters and Mosquitoes before testing Spitfires and Hurricanes. Only retired from his job as a stunt pilot at the age of 90 but continued flying until 2013.
There were at least three reports of people trying to release gopher tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles. Tortoises are unable to swim like the sea turtle. All five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other.
A University of Cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy. By using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock. He said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes. And the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce. Dr Paolo Bombelli will present his research as part of the Pint of Science festival, which is running from 18 to 20 May in 50 cities across nine countries.
Gang of four held up a cash-and-carry in Derby and tried to escape in stolen car. They were spotted on the M42 travelling towards Birmingham in a stolen white Seat Leon. The car was spotted being followed by a police helicopter and they tried to flee on foot. Chase was captured on camera by the helicopter and shows them ramming two police cars. Three of the gang have now been jailed for a total of 30 years at Birmingham Crown Court.
Kathleen Bailey, 70, given power of attorney over terminally ill 87-year-old friend's finances. She later became a carer for her victim, who was battling breast cancer and had no children. But she helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to Wales. Handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting theft at Bolton Crown Court.
Donnell Graham, 35, fatally shot his wife, Shaquana Graham, 33, and another man, Kristopher Pittman, 25, before turning the gun on himself early Sunday morning, police say. The 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while Pittman was killed by a gunshot to the chest. At least one of the individuals had checked into the Quality Inn in Springettsbury Township, Pennsylvania, around 3 a.m. Another guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass.
Citizens for Tax Justice says 15 Fortune 500 companies, many of them worth north of a $1 billion, paid zero income taxes in 2014. CBS, General Electric and Mattel are just a few of the companies that managed to avoid paying income tax on their massive profits. Some of these companies even received tax rebates in the tens or hundreds of millions.
Tories narrowly ahead in two polls, while Labour edging in front in another. News came as Nate Silver predicted results of 2008 US presidential election almost exactly. He believes neither party will be able to get enough support for a majority government. Mr Silver correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 US states in 2008 presidential election.
Footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling Sunny Bayne's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly. The young rider from Kentucky can't stop smiling at the animal's silly antics. To date the clip of Bayne has received thousands of hits online. Bayne later identified the owner of the foal as Florida-based Meg Miranda.
Clare Else's husband Andrew was knifed more than 200 times by Ephraim Norman. He was attacked as he got off a bus close to his home in Croydon, south London. The 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends on the night of his murder. Mrs Else says she is too scared to leave home 'in case she gets a knife in the back' Norman, 24, had stopped taking anti-schizophrenia medication because it interfered with his sex life and he heard voices in his head telling him to kill, the Old Bailey heard
Tom O'Carroll is a former Open University information officer and former PIE activist. He attended rally in Houses of Parliament to lobby MPs for state involvement in media regulation. Hacked Off is campaigning against Independent Press Standards Organisation. It wants MPs to set up statutory body to regulate press, as recommended by Leveson Inquiry.
Woman, believed to be in her 20s, lost her footing after her punt hit another boat. She disappeared under the water several times, screaming for help each time she resurfaced. The tourist, who couldn't swim, was pulled to safety by her friends in Cambridge. Meanwhile, Britons were given their first taste of spring with temperatures reaching nearly 21C - the hottest day of the year so far. Families flocked to parks, beaches and promenades across the UK to make the most of balmy Easter weather.
Crown Princess Mary attended a remembrance ceremony in Aabenraa on Thursday. The 43-year-old wore a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories. She placed a wreath at a war memorial and attended a service. Mary was in the town to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of Denmark by Germany in 1940.
The incident occurred Wednesday afternoon at Alverta B. Gray Schultz Middle School in Hempstead, New York. Police say Annika McKenzie, 34, walked into the building without being cleared by security and waited in the hallway for her daughter's math teacher, Catherine Engelhardt. McKenzie believed Engelhardt had 'put her hands' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day. When Engelhardt refused to speak with McKenzie, telling her to first get a security pass, a fight ensued. The teacher was shoved against the wall, placed in a headlock and thrown to the
Stephen Akers-Belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons. But he was pictured the same day aboard HMS Warrior, 323 miles from Hartlepool. He was dismissed from his care manager role with Newcastle City Council for gross misconduct. Mayor claims he has actually been sacked for whistle blowing - but council denies that.
Bobby Brown visited his daughter at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, on Monday. The 22-year-old was recently moved from Emory University Hospital, where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31. Her maternal grandmother Cissy Houston said on Monday that Bobbi Kristina is not awake and is not expected to ever fully recover. Bobby, shocked fans on Saturday by revealing that 'Bobbi is awake,' during a Dallas concert.
Swan nicknamed Asbaby has been pecking punters on The Backs area of river. Attacked tourists, ate sandwiches and even tried to steal a woman's handbag. He is believed to be the grandson of Mr Asbo, the swan who terrorised rowers. Mr Asbo was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 by river authorities. Asbaby's actions are said to be 'terrifying for river users' and'making people think twice about going out on water'
Ivana Chubbuck, 62, is a part therapist, part acting coach and part therapist. Her clients include Eva Mendes, Charlize Theron, Gerard Butler and Halle Berry. She reduced Beyoncé Knowles to tears within five minutes of meeting her. Within months, the singer was topping the charts with Single Ladies.
Lelisa Desisa, 25, of Ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute. Thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp Monday morning route where well-wishers drew 'Boston Strong' in chalk on the pavement to remember the three dead and more than 260 injured in the terrorist attack two years ago. Caroline Rotich, 30, of Kenya won the women's division after a tense final stretch. Dathan Ritzenhein was seventh overall in the men's race and the first
Many of the questions focused on candidates' ages and heights, according to the website. The most popular question about Hillary Clinton was 'Is Hillary Clinton a Democrat?' The top questions about Marco Rubio were 'How old is Marco Rubio?' and 'Where was Marco Rubio born?' Interest in Rand Paul decreased somewhat after he announced he is running for president. However, it increased somewhat early this week.
Baylee Almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on April 19, 1995, in the worst case of homegrown terrorism America has ever seen. The Oklahoma City bombing, planted by veteran US Army soldier Timothy McVeigh, killed 168 American people. Her 23-year-old single mother, Aren saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day. 'It gets harder every year,' Aren Almon-Kok told DailyMail.com from her home on the outskirts of Oklahoma City.
Vincent Viafore, 46, from Poughkeepsie, New York, was on Hudson River with Angelika Graswald. He was thrown in on Sunday evening and was unable to get back into the kayak. His partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat. She was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found. On Monday she asked friends on Facebook to keep praying for her partner.
Qasr al-Farid or 'The Lonely Castle' was built in the first century A.D. on one of the most important ancient trade routes, linking the north and south of the Arabian peninsula. The tomb is the largest of 131 monumental tombs, which were carved straight into rock in the city of Mada'in Saleh. Size would have been indicative of the person's social status and wealth, hinting it was intended for someone of power.
Sheila Elkan, 84, lives in house that featured as Margo Leadbetter's home in 1970s TV series. Great-grandmother-of-five has lived in Hillingdon, north-west London, home since 1986. She told MailOnline: 'From what I have seen I think Cameron is the best man to give The Good Life' 'I know we are short of housing and the NHS is in dire straights, but I think those things would have happened whoever is in power,' she added. Comments come after PM promised to help deliver 'the greatest sunshine'
Kristen Jarvis, 34, is moving on to become the Ford Foundation president Darren Walker's chief of staff. Jarvis first joined the Obamas' orbit in 2005 when she took a job in then Senator Obama's office. The Maryland native lost both parents and a brother before she was 30 and, Jarvis's deputy said, 'The first lady was able to fill unintentionally some areas of Kristen's life that she was missing growing up'
Pennyhill Park in Bagshot, Surrey, has attracted a host of celebrities. Daniel Craig, Nicole Kidman, Cameron Diaz and Cameron Diaz are regulars at the hotel. The England Rugby Team had Pennyhill Park as their training base for the World Cup. Hotel boasts a 45,000sq ft spa, 21 treatment rooms, and eight swimming pools.
Rik Mayall died suddenly aged 56 last June and probate records reveal he had no will. Mayall played scheming Tory MP Alan BStard in ITV series The New Statesman. His estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife.
Brayden Travis, 18, was left without medical attention for seven hours after overdosing on a mix of heroin and Xanax at a friend's house in St Charles County, Missouri in early March. His lungs and kidneys failed and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage. He is now conscious and breathing on his own, but doctors say he will likely remain in a vegetative state, his mother, Kelly Smith-Miller, wrote on Facebook. She shared a photo of him in hospital with breathing apparatus and wires across his body in a bid to deter others from taking drugs.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday when passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft. Unnamed airport worker said: 'When the bags started moving and I heard the sound of the engine, I had to think fast about what to do for me to get out' In a desperate bid for help, he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off. 'It was nothing but pitch black and I didn't know what was going on,' he said.
Conscientious objectors are currently able to use a loophole to access family tax benefits. Parents are required to vaccinate their children to receive benefits, but can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they don't get vaccinated. The Productivity Commission's report recommends rebates 'be conditional on the child being fully immunised, unless care occurs in the child's home' The hard-line approach to immunisation comes one month after the tragic death of 32-day -old Perth baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting whooping cough.
Richie Benaud revealed last year that he had skin cancer and was receiving radiation treatment. The 84-year-old had been out walking with his beloved wife Daphne every morning in an effort to regain his health. Benaud hadn't returned to his commentary job for the Nine Network following a car accident in October 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries. He was hospitalised with shoulder, spinal and chest injuries and a broken sternum after hitting a parked car and a brick fence. Last year he said he believed the cancers were caused by playing cricket in the sun without a hat or sunscreen
Luke Shambrook was lost for four nights alone in the Victorian bushland. The 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres from where went missing at Lake Eildon National Park, north-east of Melbourne. He suffered from exhaustion, dehydration and hypothermia when he was found. Luke is with his family at Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne and was reunited with his rescuers on Wednesday. His parents Tim and Rachel were reunited with Luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher, with his mother giving him a kiss.
The NFL has reinstated Adrian Peterson, allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the Minnesota Vikings starting on Friday. This after a ban that has been in effect since September 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch. Peterson met with the NFL two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement, and at that point things did not look good for the star running back. Preseason workouts are set to begin early next week, though there is still no guarantee that Pterson will show up.
Alice Kovach-Suehn, 56, from Apopka, Florida, was arrested last Friday and charged with elderly neglect after police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs. A doctor at the hospital said the 96-year-old Floridian looked as if he has emerged from the Auschwitz death camp, and another physician called the abuse 'homicide by starvation' The victim told officers he was starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and 'dog feces' Police believe she may have deliberately starved him to get his trust fund.
31 per cent of men admit they have never washed their own car, survey reveals. Three quarters of women admit they never wash their own cars, according to study. Rise of hand car washes and 4x4 and off-road vehicles too large to clean blamed for decline. Audis, Toyotas and BMWs are most likely to be washed by their owners.
Maine Medical Center has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an 'ethical issue' Christine Royles, 24, of South Portland, who is suffering from kidney failure, organized fundraisers to reimburse Josh Dall-Leighton for unpaid time away from work. Royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases, lupus and ANCA vasculitis, leading to kidney failure. She went on the national waiting to find a donor, but chose to go a different route.
Singer Miley Cyrus shocked fans by leaving her underarms unshaved this week. Here, experts explain why being hairy may be good for you. Hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health. A bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks, cuts and bruising than a hairy one. Those who are particularly hairy may have extra sun protection.
Researchers from Germany, Canada and the U.S. analysed answers from 6,100 people. Men more likely than women to kill to save lives later down the line, study found. Women more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing, it was found.
Roxy Walsh, 34, found a sentimental ring while snorkelling in Bali on Tuesday. She decided to take to social media to find the owner of the ring. Ms Walsh created a Facebook page 'Find Joe and Jenny' to track down the owner. Over 6000 users joined the page and followed the journey of reuniting the ring back to its' mystery owner in less than a week. The Langley's granddaughter, Jade, messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa Joe Langley. Joe and Jenny Langley live less than 300 kilometres from R
Alexis Tsipras will meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow today amid reports Kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas. Visit will raise fears radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy. Greece has demanded more than £200billion in compensation from Germany for Nazi atrocities during the Second World War.
Captain Niloofar Rahmani, 23, is the first female fixed-wing Air Force aviator in Afghanistan's history. She has received death threats from the Taliban and even members of her own extended family. Captain Rahmani and nine other inspirational women from across the world were awarded the U.S Secretary of State's International Women of Courage Award.
Robert Knowles, 68, is a serial shoplifter who has clocked up nearly 350 offences. First broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959. Pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his record. He was jailed again after his 190th court appearance for stealing £50 from H Samuel in Plymouth. Knowles, who has spent most of his adult life in prison, was jailed for 16 weeks.
The 41-year-old Australian woman had a medical emergency on New Year's Eve. She was getting ready for a party when she started to wheeze and reached for her inhaler. Her blue salbutamol inhaler was uncapped in her bag and she heard a 'coarse rattle' She ignored the noise, believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device. But she immediately felt a scratch in her throat and began coughing up blood. Was rushed to hospital and an X-ray showed the earring was lodged in her right bronchus.
By 2013, the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks  five weeks less than in 2011. For a woman aged 85, the expected span was six years and 42 weeks  two and a half months less. Study also found that increasing life expectancy for men in their sixties and seventies had stalled, and had fallen for those in their eighties and nineties.
German body-painting artist Joerg Duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings. The stunning set of pictures was taken in a forest in Langenfeld, Germany, yesterday. He has been painting for more than 20 years and his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings are perfect.
Mahendra Ahirwar, 12, has a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang. His weak backbone means he can't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position. He can just about crawl but needs help to eat and go to the toilet. Parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across India but none could diagnose his condition. 'If doctors cannot treat my son it is better that God takes him,' says mother.
Hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to Paris-based TV5 Monde. They also took over its websites and social media accounts for three hours. Channel's director, Yves Bigot, said the attack was continuing this morning. Hackers posted documents on TV5Monde's Facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and CVs of relatives of French soldiers involved in anti-ISIS operation in Iraq. Almost 1,500 French nationals are currently fighting in Syria and Iraq.
Zbigniew Huminski, 38, has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim. She was stripped naked and sexually assaulted before being forced into his car. Chloe's mother 'heard her daughter's screams' as she was being taken away. But she was unable to do anything as the girl was taken from outside her school in Calais. DNA evidence corroborated by an autopsy revealed strangulation and sexual violence Huminski had been banned from French territory after being convicted twice for acts of 'extreme violence' But he had driven to France in a
Margaret Bates, 60, said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed James Smith when she first met him. Smith tortured Kelly-Anne Bates to death over three weeks in 1995. He burnt her with an iron, scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes. Next year marks the 20th anniversary of her death.
Women in Japan are tying blue ribbons under their breasts and over their arms. Idea was inspired by popular 'anime' cartoon character Hestia from Is It Wrong To Pick Up Girls In A Dungeon. Ribbon is tied under the breasts and in a loop over the arms so that they are uplifted. Fad has been copied by cosplayers and ordinary Japanese women online.
Princess Eugenie, 25, looked glamorous at the For The Love Of Cinema dinner. Attended the event in New York City on Thursday during the Tribeca Film Festival. Dakota Fanning and Jennifer Morrison were also in attendance at the event. Eugenie has been living in the US for the past year, working in an auction house.
Synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together. For instance, some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words, while others experience tastes, smells or shapes. Researchers from Stanford University used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters. They then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by Fisher-Price between 1971 and 1990. Results revealed that at least six per cent (400 out of the 6588 participants) learnt'many of their matches' from the Fisher
Ian Gibson, 55, was killed by a young bull elephant in Zimbabwe's Zambezi Valley. He was measuring the animal's ivory tusks for a U.S. client, who has not been named. Gibson, who was from Texas, was a lauded figure among safari enthusiasts. Twitter users have slammed unsympathetic reactions to Gibson's death.
Roy Day, 29, and Gerard Lundie, 26, targeted 13 homes over four months. Crooks stole £160,000 worth of luxury cars from homes across four counties. But after the duo left their DNA at the scenes of some of the crimes they were arrested. They were each jailed for five years and four months at Birmingham Crown Court.
Leanne Kenny, 23, from Northwich, Cheshire, reached almost 20st after snacking on junk food. Snacked on bumper bars of chocolate, baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of sell-by dates. Says her break through moment came when she couldn't fit into a size 24 dress. Joined Weight Watchers and took up walking in a bid to shed the weight. Now a size 14 and regularly visits the gym, runs every night and visits four times a week.
June Whitfield, 89, is best known for her role in Absolutely Fabulous. She is set to make a guest appearance in EastEnders as nun Sister Ruth next week. Her character will offer words of encouragement to Kat Moon, played by Jessie Wallace. Whitfield said it was an 'absolute delight' to work with Wallace on the soap.
Roar is billed as the most dangerous film ever made. The 11-year production saw 70 cast and crew members suffer injuries during filming. John Marshall, son of Noel Marshall, says his father was a 'f**king**hole' to do that to his family. 'It seemed like a really cool idea at the beginning, but it was dangerous,' he says. Roar will be re-released 34 years after it debuted in 1981.
After next month's election, ministers could be asked to make sure Easter Day always falls between April 9 and 15. In 1928, the Easter act was passed in Parliament to ensure the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in April. Both the House of Commons and House of Lords passed the Act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches and therefore has never been implemented. It is thought that the Roman Catholic Church do not object to the plans.
Much of the action in hit US TV series House Of Cards takes place in Washington. The Capital Grille is a favoured venue for political plots and power-broking. Every politician needs to connect with his or her voters: Frank Underwood and Barack Obama are no exception. When Obama wants to connect, he heads 12 blocks north to the White House.
Marli van Breda, 16, suffered severe brain damage when she was struck several times on the head in her family's South African home in January. The attack claimed the lives of her mother Teresa, 54, father Martin, 55, and older brother Rudi, 22. Marli's other brother Henri, 20, escaped with light injuries and rang police to report the deaths at the Stellenbosch home, east of Cape Town. An audio recording of the emergency phone call made by Henri, seems to reveal him 'giggling' as he explains the details of the bloody massacre.
President Barack Obama announced today $200 million in additional U.S. humanitarian aid to Iraq, but declined to say whether Washington would provide Apache helicopters, drones and other arms to Baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against ISIS. 'I think this is why we are having this meeting: to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination,' he told a reporter. Mr. Abadi is on his first trip to Washington since becoming prime minister last September. He had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones during his visit. But White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said the Iraqi leader did
Housing association tenants paying £150 a week to live in properties worth millions. Tenants could get chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 under new plans. Housing Associations own expensive properties such as the house used in Paddington Bear. 10 properties owned by Peabody housing association in London are worth £1million to £2.2million. Some tenants are keen to take advantage of the scheme to try and buy their properties.
Drivers pulled over on Interstate 20 in Albilene, Texas, to pick up the cash. Passenger door of Brinks Armored Truck flew open causing a'substantial amount of money' to spill. Video posted on Facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles. Police have warned anyone caught with the money will be prosecuted.
Hannah Moore, 20, of Broxburn in West Lothian, suffered stretch marks after having twins. She posted images of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on Instagram to boost her confidence. The mother-of-two told followers: 'Nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful' But two minutes later, her account was shut down due to 'nudity and violence' Instagram has admitted the incident was 'a technical mistake' and re-instated her account.
A photo of a 'drunken' young woman was posted on SOHO nightclub's Facebook page on April 3. It was a week after Luke Lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at the venue. The photos caption said: Were throwing an extra special Yeezter event Tonight. Free entry till 10pm and $5 drinks till midnight  get amongst it! The disturbing image was soon removed by the club's management after a backlash on Twitter. Luke Lazarus will spend a minimum of three years behind bars for the crime.
Chantelle Doherty, 21, was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man. She and an accomplice stole several bottles of whisky, a decanter and a phone. Her friend Martin Lawrence, 27, also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money. Doherty has been jailed for two years and Lawrence jailed for five years. Incidents occurred after Doherty was freed from jail having been in prison for 16 months for leading a gypsy girl gang.
Jake Shaw, 21, died after falling from upper floor of Scout centre in Swiss Alps. He had been volunteering as climbing instructor at Kandersteg International Scout Centre. Had been celebrating Swiss National Day with friends with drinking games. Shortly before his death he returned to his room in a'very drunk state' It is then believed he lost his balance as he tried to open a bedroom window. Jake was airlifted to hospital in Bern suffering severe injuries but died nine days later. Lincolnshire Central assistant coroner Paul Smith concluded Jake's death was an accident.
Audrie Pott, 15, was sexually assaulted at a party in Saratoga, California, in 2012. She fell asleep after drinking Gatorade laced with vodka at a friend's party. Woke up to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled all over her body. Her family says she hanged herself days later after photos of the attack were shared. Audrie's parents filed a civil lawsuit against her three attackers last year. Two of them have now reached a settlement with the family and apologized. They admitted she was unconscious and did not consent to their 'criminal acts'
Prime Minister insists 'dream of home ownership is alive' as he tours building site. Seven key Tory policies will help get people on to property ladder by building more homes. Includes Help to Buy ISA which will help first-time buyers save for a deposit. For every £200 someone puts towards a deposit, the government will add £50 up to a maximum of £12,000, meaning a bonus of up to £3,000. Savers will be able to earn hundreds of pounds in interest before paying tax.
Biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the Mohamed Naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010. He survived thanks to an elderly man called Uncle Abdo who fed him scraps of food every day. Uncle Abdo said workers had tried to rescue the cat years ago, but a scared Biso had stayed behind the wall. Biso's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of his tail was posted on Facebook last month. Rescue mission took more than five hours and the terrified cat quickly ran away.
Sheriff Mbye, also 18, died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds on Friday. Police were called to a KFC restaurant in Northfield, Birmingham, shortly after 5pm. When officers arrived they found a 19-year-old man with stab wounds in a barber shop. Officers then received reports that victim Mr Mbye had been dropped off at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in a white Audi, which sped off. The Audi was found abandoned in Ladywood, Birmingham late on Friday night. Today an 18-year old was arrested at his home address on suspicion of
Binh Wagner, 3, and her identical twin Phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to Alagille syndrome. Their adopted father Michael Wagner was a perfect match for Binh's liver. Phuoc needed a donor just a little more, so Mr Wagner chose her. Now, thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor, Binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery. The donor has chosen to remain anonymous.
Expedition 42 commander Barry Wilmore and flight engineer Terry Virts recorded three spacewalks on GroPro cameras. The astronauts can be seen repairing the robotic arm of the space station and installing a new communication system. Video captures breathtakingly clear images of earth as astronauts work from a distance of 250 miles. Spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of 2017's multibillion pound commercial spacecraft.
Louise Nesbitt was employed at Perth mining exploration company Dragon Mountain Gold. On January 12 last year, she mistakenly sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm. Realising her mistake, she immediately texted her boss asking him to delete the message and ignore its contents. She was fired five days after the incident, with her employer saying it was due to 'gross misconduct'
The US Geological Survey has released two sets of maps of the moon. Images include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape. The grey and white areas reveal higher peaks, while darker blues show deep craters. To the left of these craters, is Oceanus Procellarum, which is Latin for 'Ocean of Storms' Early theories claimed this mysterious region, roughly 1,600 miles (2,600km) across, was created by an asteroid impact. Last year, however, Nasa scientists proposed it was the result of the formation of rift valleys.
Dante de Blasio, the son of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio has been accepted into Yale and Brown universities. The 17-year-old is a senior at Brooklyn Technical High School and will make his decision by the end of the month. Despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own in Brooklyn, de Blasio is now expected to turn to financial aid to help pay for his son's elite education. Dante is a champion debater and counts political philosophy his favorite subject.
Boy, dressed in combat gear, launched a series of missiles at six heavily armed officers. The bemused officers calmly watched as the child launched his own assault. Violence erupted during protest to mark Palestinian Prisoners Day in the West Bank. More than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the Israeli forces during rally. Israeli forces used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the angry crowd.
Lisa Courtney, 26, has spent most of her life collecting Pokemon memorabilia. She now holds the Guinness World Record for the largest collection of Pokemon items. Her mother had to move to the smallest room in the house to make room for her daughter's collection. The devoted fan even travelled to Japan when the 11th Pokemon movie was released.
Justin Jackson, a Florida man, accused of posing as celebrities for freebies and jobs. Court papers claim he pretended to be Madonna's manager and Oprah's nephew. Also claimed to be former Obama aide Reggie Love and managers of Madonna and Johnny Depp. He is being sued by Oprah's network and Love, who was President's personal assistant. Angel Agarrat, also named in the claims, is also suing Jackson for financial damages.
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. The 34-year-old is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via WhatsApp to fix games. He is also accused of telling a Football Conference team to 'do' a match. Facey and Moses Swaibu, of Bermondsey, south London, deny conspiracy to commit bribery.
Shannon Dooley, 30, has founded 'Retrosweat' aerobics classes with a twist. Inspired by Jane Fonda's Eighties VHS workouts. 50-minute class has 12 dance tracks and costumes inspired by Eighties music. Dooley says there's no set demographic - men and women aged from twenties to sixties.
Anti-fungal agent miconazole and steroid clobetasol restored movement in mice. In laboratory tests, they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin. Myelin is the protective coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease. Miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete's foot. Clobetsol is commonly prescribed to treat eczema.
Ukip has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources. Party strategist said'something extraordinary' would need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list. The target list includes South Thanet, Clacton and Rochester and Strood. Ukip's election co-ordinator Chris Bruni-Lowe is organising campaigns.
Married father-of-one Maajid Nawaz asked for two private sessions at east London club. Footage shows him repeatedly trying to make contact with the girl as she dances naked. Nawaz is a rising star of the Liberal Democrats and a leading figure in Muslim community. He was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Kseniya Soukeras, who is due in August, wants to name her unborn child Michael. Her husband Nicholas prefers the Greek name Spyridon, after his own father. The couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision. Nicholas has launched an online petition asking for help to sway his wife.
David Adam Pate, 25, from Lancaster, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to murder on Thursday. Told his mother he enjoyed stabbing 33-year-old Ricky James 39 times with a butcher's knife. Lured him into the woods with wine in November 2013 and told police he just wanted to 'cut his dad's gum head off' Children found James's decomposing body in the woods after he was arrested for disorderly conduct. Pate stuck out his split tongue and revealed a 974 tattoo on his neck - sign of the white power gang, Gangster Disciples. James's
Grey seals have been spied feasting on harbour porpoises that they have killed. Video footage of one of the attacks shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey, as the water all around turns bloody. The footage, the first in the world, was shot by a wildlife cruise company, off the coast of Pembrokeshire. Killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent, but this is the first time they have been seen around Britain. It backs up a recent study that grey seals have a penchant for young porpo
Alfred Guy Vuozzo, 46, sentenced to life in prison for murdering Brent McGuigan, 68, and his son, Brendon, 39, on Prince Edward Island last August. Vuozzo was two years old when his older sister, Cathy, was killed in a crash in 1970. He shot them both in 'execution-style' slayings to avenge his sister's death. Judge called brutal double-murder an act of 'hatred and misdirected vengeance' Brent's father, Herbert, who was behind the wheel, later received a nine-month sentence
UK Oil & Gas Investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels of oil in the Weald Basin, near Gatwick airport, Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. Exploratory wells have found 158million barrels per square mile - equating to 100bn barrels - which could be worth £3.7trillion at current crude prices. UKOG chairman David Lenigas said drilling could create many thousands of jobs and could reduce reliance on oil from Middle East and Russia.
Wak alarm is affixed to the wall behind the bed and has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers' body heat. It pivots and sends a directed beam of light and sound to rouse an individual. The alarm costs $250 (£167) to pre-order on Kickstarter and is due to ship in September. Los Angeles-based firm Lucera Labs is hoping to raise $100,000 (£66,934) on the crowdfunding site to put the alarm clock into production.
Ryan Wray, 26, was formally charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse on Friday. Wray, who served as the 2013 and 2014 Pi Kappa Alpha president, was tasked with keeping safe women who 'could no longer take care of themselves' at off-campus frat parties. A woman who went to a party at the 'Pike House' told police she awoke to find Wray 'touching her inappropriately without her approval' He confessed to groping the victim while she was passed out.
You don't need to go to the African savannahs or the Amazonian rainforests to find wild life. But if its real wild life youre after, then a British safari is extraordinarily rewarding. So here are a few suggestions.
Wandsworth council to remove rule giving automatic place to brothers and sisters. Families who move more than 800 metres from school will lose entitlement. More than 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school. Four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at favourite school in oversubscribed areas.
A nine-year-old Yazidi girl has been released after nearly a year as a prisoner. She was'sexually abused by no fewer than ten men' while held captive by Isis militants. Earlier this week, more than 200 Yazidi women, children and elderly were released near Kirkuk, northern Iraq after being taken by militants last June. Around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when Isis fighters attacked Yazidi villages last summer.
Amy Hughes, 26, ran 53 marathons in 53 days last year to raise money for a friends daughter who was diagnosed with a brain tumour. Challenge saw Amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record. She also ran into a new love after she got close to long-term friend Dave Keighley - who was part of her support crew and cycled alongside Amy for 26 miles every day.
Anonymous benefactor sent plain brown envelope to Bath Abbey with £1.5million donation. Said they wanted to help safeguard the church 'for the next hundred years' Donor, who is known to church officials but has asked not to be named, has not been identified. The money will be put towards the Abbey's restoration fund, which is aiming to raise £20million to repair the collapsing floor, fit heating powered by the Bath springs, and expand the building. Church has been granted £10.4million of Heritage Lottery funding to repair floor and expand building.
Jessica Bialek, 37, was last seen leaving her Coogee home on Wednesday morning. Her husband, Sabino Matera, confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30pm on Thursday. The mother-of-one had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank. She is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 170-175cm tall, with a slim build and black hair. Police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the woman.
Julia Van Herck, 42, from Fulham, London, gained 12 stone after getting married in 1993. Mother-of-three used food as an 'emotional crutch' after suffering post-natal depression. She would sneak downstairs at night and gorge on calorie-laden treats to escape. Julia would eat a family-sized pizza and two tubs of ice cream in an hour. The 42-year-old would hide treats in her medicine cabinet so her family didn't know she was binge eating. A health scare in 2012 prompted her to undergo weight loss surgery.
Pete Evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the Paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis. A 30-year-old woman, known only as Hollie, wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in September 2013. She said that she endured months of constant dizziness, altered temperature perception, extreme fatigue, numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression. Hollie's experience led the Sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-
Map was created by writer Levi Pearson, who used a UFO sighting dataset from the National UFO Reporting Centre and open source software from CartoDB. It begins in 1933 with the first UFO sightings being spotted over California and Nebraska in the US, the UK and France in Europe, and locations in Japan and Australia. The number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and 1960s. This could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies. But some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity. Click on the map below to find out if aliens have been spotted in your
St. Louis Blues forward Ryan Reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook. Reaves sat on the bench as he calmly pulled out the tooth. It eventually fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer. The Blues beat the Blackhawks 2-1 on Sunday, moving the team a point ahead of Nashville for the Central Division lead.
The creature, named Hyalinobatrachium dianae, was found in the mountains of eastern Costa Rica and has a distinctive call. While most of its body is a brilliant lime green, like all species of glass frogs, the skin on its underside is see-though, making its organs easily visible. The animals heart, liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible thanks to translucent skin. It's distinguishable from other glass frogs which have this characteristic, by its captivating black and white eyes - which look similar to Kermit the Frog's - as well as its long
Doug Hughes, 61, landed his gyrocopter on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol in Washington D.C. last Wednesday to protest campaign finance laws but was swiftly taken into custody. He is currently under house arrest at his Florida home while he awaits a hearing to determine if he will go on trial for crossing a no-fly zone, a charge that could send him to prison for four years. On Monday, his daughter Kathy, 12, said she was 'downright proud' of her father and called him a 'patriot' Hughes called his 80-mile journey
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at a Woolworths supermarket at Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, on Easter Sunday afternoon. The teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on Saturday. Police have launched a state-wide search for the high school drama and English teacher. Her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley said he spoke to her on Saturday night and 'everything seemed pretty fine' Police are investigating CCTV footage from the supermarket and her phone records.
Human Rights Watch has collected the accounts of 20 women and girls who escaped from ISIS. They say they show a system of organised rape and sexual assault, sexual slavery and forced marriage  acts that constitute war crimes. One child interviewed said she was 'owned' and raped by seven different men. Another victim told investigators she was raped for three days by an ISIS fighter. Some tried to kill themselves while in captivity to avoid being raped again. Others were forced to convert to Islam and forced into marriage.
HSBC announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix. Experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described move as astonishing 15 lenders had already cut rates across their ranges in the past week. More are likely to follow now HSBC has set a new benchmark.
Isis was removed from the official list of future Pacific hurricane names by the UN's World Meteorological Organization. WMO Hurricane Committee deemed the name inappropriate because of the militant group. As the name of an ancient goddess of Egypt, Isis had been on the WMO list of names for hurricanes in 2016. ISIS is also used to describe the Islamic State militant group, whose forces have captured large swathes of Iraq and Syria.
3 budding young Bonds were chosen from among 5,700 other hopefuls. Jamie, 13, Reuben, 13 and Finley, 10, were selected after series of 'difficult' tests. Cameras were allowed to film inside MI5 as the boys went on a guided tour of the building. It was the first time cameras have been allowed inside the security service's HQ. The competition was one of the most popular in Blue Peter's history.
YouTuber Dave Haxs clever spud solution does away with peelers, and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work. Start by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato, without letting it cut through. The next step is to simply use your fingers to gently pull the skin off the cooked potato. Turn the spud around and do the same on the other side& and hey presto, youll have a perfectly peeled potato.
Researchers at Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem carried out tests on mice. Found in young, non-pregnant mice, 82 per cent of the liver regenerated after two days. In older, pregnant mice around 96 per cent had regenerated in that time. They also found that pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart.
More than 700 Asiatic black bears have been butchered in Vietnam in the past year. Up to four bears are killed in one day on some farms, it is claimed. Owners are killing them to 'extract the last ounce of blood' and sell their body parts. Paws, meat and gall bladders are sold for the equivalent of £625 each and smuggled to China. Celebrities such as Judi Dench, Ricky Gervais and Dame Judi have signed petition to save bears.
California's 2014 Water Year was the third driest in 119 years and the warmest on record, so perpetual wildfire season also appears to be the new normal for the Golden State. Governor Jerry Brown on Wednesday ordered sweeping and unprecedented measures to save water in California. Water-conscious residents have turned to techniques that utilize so-called 'gray water' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by Governor Jerry Brown.
Emma Hannigan, 42, was diagnosed with the faulty BRCA1 gene in 2005. It increases a woman's chance of getting breast cancer by 85 per cent and ovarian cancer by 50 per cent. She opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy in 2006 to reduce her risk. But despite the drastic surgery, she received the diagnosis she had been dreading - she had breast cancer. Since 2007, she has battled the disease nine times, including four bouts in one year. The mother-of-two is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks.
Nadine Crooks, 33, was told she was infertile after the birth of her fourth child. She stopped taking the Pill after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome. Doctors said she would never be able to conceive again after cysts were found on ovaries. Stunned to discover she was pregnant for a fifth time last November. The expectant mother-of-four is expecting two boys and a girl due in July.
McGuffey High School students in Pennsylvania organized a so-called Anti-Gay Day protest. They encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'Anti-Gay' on their hands. The event was held last Thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had Bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied. Students have also reported seeing a 'lynch list' circulating the school of LBGT students who participated in the Day Of Silence.
Ed Sheeran visited Jess Knight in Auckland Hospital for her birthday. The 20-year-old had to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment. Sheeran crashed Ms Knight's hospital birthday party in between shows. Ms Knight described the British singer as 'humble and down to earth' The singer is currently touring New Zealand.
The robot, called BB-8, stars in the eagerly anticipated film Star Wars: The Force Awakens. It took to the stage at Star Wars Celebration convention in Anaheim, California, where it literally ran rings around retro droid R2-D2. Director JJ Abrams confirmed that a real robot was used during filming, but did not reveal how it works. The robots body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction, but it also has a completely free-moving head that doesnt fall off. From today, Star Wars fans will be able to tweet using new
Zachary Davis, now 17, is charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and aggravated arson for the brutal murder of his mother Melanie Davis, 46, in August 2012. He bludgeoned her to death with a sledgehammer 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze in an effort to also kill his elder sibling Josh. On Tuesday, a court in Hendersonville heard how he laughed as he killed his mother, leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable before fleeing. In testimony given to the court by Major Don Linzy, Chief of Detectives at the
A museum in Hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of Kauai 191 years ago. Richard Rogers, a Hawaii shipwreck chaser, worked with scientists from the Smithsonian Institution to dredge up the findings. The ship owned by King Kamehameha II, aka Liholiho, the second king of Hawaii. 'We found gold, silver, Hawaiian poi pounders, gemstones, a boat whistle, knives, forks, mica, things from all over the world, high- and low-end
Sir David Nicholson is the latest expert to warn that Ed Milibands plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going. He was branded the Man with No Shame after refusing to resign over the Mid Staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths.
Adventurer Ben Fogle is a regular at the Martinhal Beach Resort in the Algarve. The high-end resort, which opened in 2010, is renowned as one of the best in the region. It is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach, and is set within 25 hectares in the protected Costa Vicentina Natural Park. But despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here, the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold.
Nigel Short, 49, said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking. The chess commentator said women should accept they were hard-wired very differently and werent as adept at playing chess as men. He was the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match. Less than two per cent of grandmasters are female.
Flight Lieutenant Stephen Beaumont took his beloved teddy bear on every flight. He was one of just seven of the 24 pilots in his squadron who survived the battle. The teddy bears mascot, named Beaumont Bear, was passed to his family when he died in 1997. It is now expected to sell for £10,000 when it goes under the hammer at Bonhams auctioneers. Fl Lt Beumont's uniform is also up for sale for £2,000.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and Vili Fualaau, 31, met when he was 12 and she was his sixth grade teacher in Seattle in 1996. They began spending more time together and by the summer, their relationship turned sexual and she fell pregnant with his child. She was arrested for having sex with him in her car weeks after her release and went to prison for seven and a half years. While she was in prison, she gave birth to their second daughter, Georgia, while he was in jail. The couple got married 10 months later and have been together ever since.
Visualize You processes an image of you to reveal what youd look like if you were thinner - and perhaps inspire you to achieve your weight loss goal. Users are shown an original and a slimmer version, with a slider, so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight. Makers say that it uses algorithms which show the effects of weight loss more effectively than other apps which pinch images.
Oxidative stress can also happen after smoking, breathing in pollution and sunbathing. Higher doses of vitamin E, found in foods such as kale and almonds, can mitigate the stress on immune cells. When a virus or other pathogen enters our bodies, a certain class of immune cells - the T cells0 jump into action, spreading rapidly. But this immune response does not work if significant oxidative stress is damaging the cells and depriving the body of the tools it needs to repair them.
Hillary Clinton's now-famous Mystery Mobile, an oversized, armored Chevy van, stopped in Iowa on Tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from New York to the American midwest. Unlike on Monday when Hillary stopped at an Ohio Chipotle for lunch, she popped into a coffee house in Le Claire, Iowa, for a cup of joe - and of tea. At Tuesday's stop people actually recognized her. Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin wore sunglasses inside the Chipotle on Monday in the Toledo suburb of Maumee and left without being
Mohammed Waqar, 23, and Mohammed Siddique, 60, accused of assaulting boy, 10. Allegedly assaulted at UK Islamic Mission's Jamia Mosque in Sparkbrook, Birmingham. Boy allegedly slapped repeatedly during religious lessons between May 1 and June 13 last year. Court heard attack happened when boy made mistakes with studies, including failing to read the Koran properly. Waqar and Siddique due to stand trial at Birmingham Crown Court on August 10.
Just over 60 per cent of Americans believe global warming is taking place and nearly half blame humans for the change. But within the US, opinions on global warming vary wildly between states, local communities, and congressional districts. People in California, for instance, are far more worried about the warming planet than those in parts of the central US. Concern about global warming ranges from an estimated low of 38 per cent in Pickett County, Tennessee, to a high of 74% in Washington, D.C. Hawaii, California, Vermont and Massachusetts are the four states that are most worried by climate
Nikki Balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen. When she couldn't find it, she suspected their 90-pound baby mastiff Halli had swallowed it up, but there was no way of checking. Half a year later, she saw a Facebook post saying a wedding ring had been found in an 'unusual place' She contacted the user, Bob Potrzuski, who said he had found it while picking up dog feces in a field.
Marisa Curlen, 20, a sophomore at James Madison University in Virginia, was discovered dead in her dormitory room Friday from apparent alcohol poisoning. Curlen's sudden passing left her hometown in Rye, New York, reeling as she became the third member of Rye High School's 2013 graduating class to die in less than a year. The fresh-faced blonde beauty who studied managment was found unresponsive in her room at the sorority house in Harrisonburg at around 7.30am Friday.
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old case worker, Connie Bell Going. This after Davion was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister's children. In 2013, Davion captured hearts around the nation when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to 'love him forever' 'I guess I always thought of you as my mom,' Davion said to Going last December.
Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, have been suspended from Troy University. The two were arrested after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the Spinnaker Beach Club in Panama City, Florida last month. Hundreds of people are seen watching the incident without attempting to intervene. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen.
Nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface. The infographic shows nine other worlds in total are suspected to have subsurface oceans. It follows claims by Dr Ellen Stofan, chief scientist for the agency, that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years. 'We are not talking about little green men,' she said, 'We are talking about microbes' A nasa mission next decade will seek to search for water emanating from Europa - and see if its oceans are habitable. Ganymede, meanwhile
ISIS fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western Anbar province. The advance is widely seen as an ISIS's attempt at an counteroffensive. Iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling. Hundreds of U.S. troops have reportedly been training Iraqi forces at a military base.
All flights were halted for about 20 minutes after potential drone sighting raised fears. Some departing flights were delayed and some incoming flights diverted to other airports. Police helicopter scoured the area around Manchester Airport but found no evidence of a drone. Radio-controlled drones have skyrocketed in popularity thanks to the growing trend of aerial photography.
James Moody, 24, died after the Titanic hit an iceberg on its maiden voyage. He was on watch when the ship struck the iceberg and later helped passengers into lifeboats. Company bosses wrote to his brother asking for his body to be returned to England. They asked for £20 - the equivalent of £2,000 in today's money - to transport it to his home. Mr Moody's body had not been recovered by the time the letter was sent in May 1912. The letter has now been uncovered by a collector who bought it from his family.
Andras Janos Vass, 25, found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering. Lured men to America with promises of easy work and high wages, prosecutors said. They were forced to spend 20 hours a day performing sex work in New York and Miami. He faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison.
Kendall Schler crept onto the GO! St. Louis Marathon's course last weekend after the last checkpoint, didn't record any of her times electronically along the way, and didn't run the entire 26.2 miles. Her finish time that qualified her to run in Monday's Boston Marathon has now been erased, and her spot in the event has been vacated. The true winner of the race was a woman named Angela Karl who Lieberman says didn't get the recognition that she deserved. 'Theres a euphoria the winner gets, breaking the tape and having the crowd cheer,' Lieberman
Missouri National Guard referred to Ferguson protesters as 'enemy forces' during demonstrations last year, according to internal briefings seen by CNN this week. The National Guard was first activated in Ferguson in August after Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency when riots broke out amid peaceful demonstrations over police brutality. Many in the community accused the National Guard of making an already tense situation worse by rolling through the streets in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles.
Cristina Coria, a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child, helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband's custom-painted blue 2003 Chevy Stepside. The truck was stolen from Coria's driveway on Tuesday. Police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot, but its bed and wheels had been stripped. When Coria went on Facebook after the truck was found, she saw an ad for a blue 2003 Chevrolet Stepside bed that looked familiar.
Anaesthetic gases used to send patients to sleep during surgery are accumulating in the Earth's atmosphere where they are contributing to climate change. Scientists say they have detected the gases used in anaesthetic as far a field as Antarctica and concentrations have been rising globally in the past decade. The gases are potent greenhouse gases that have 2,500 times the impact on global warming compared to carbon dioxide. An estimated 280 tonnes of anaesthetic gases are used every year. One kilogram (2.2lbs) of desflurane produces the same. greenhouse effect as 5,512lbs of carbon dioxide
Study screened seven Harry Potter novels including Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. 120 passages from the collection were scanned using a magnetic resonance imaging scanner. Each participant rated the passages on valence - from -3 for negative to +3 for very positive - and arousal, on a scale of 1 for very calming to 5 for very arousing. The more emotionally arousing words a text contained, the more it was judged to be emotionally affecting. For example, the sentence: 'You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitor!' from Prisoner of Azkaban had a negative val
Emmanuel Sithole was stabbed to death in Alexandra township. Shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench. Anti-immigrant violence has spread across South Africa in recent weeks. Government has now sent in troops to control the riots. In Malawi, nearly 2,000 protesters marched to the South African High Commission.
State supplies more than three-quarters of world's $4.93bn(£3.3bn) almond market. It is in its fourth year of drought and supplies are running low. Almonds are high in potassium, calcium, vitamin E and magnesium. They are thought to reduce cholesterol and decrease hunger without weight gain.
Graham Palmer, 52, has been giving safety announcements in verse since last year. Northern Rail encouraged guards to give their addresses a festive flavour last Christmas. The rhymes were a hit with travellers and have been going strong since. He even customises the couplets according to the stations his trains are passing through.
Italian bio-designers MHOX has unveiled project is has been working on to 3D print organic tissues to produce working body parts that can replace the eyes of people suffering from disease. They plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions and give super human eyesight. The team behind MHOX say their synthetic eyes, which include lenses that improve the image sharpness and can put filters over the vision, could be available by 2027.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was arrested last week for allegedly preventing police from setting up a crime scene in New York. He was filmed being wrestled to the ground by six NYPD officers and arrested. The 6'7'' swingman was left with a broken right fibula and torn ligaments in his leg. In a statement, he says he is in 'great pain' and the injury was 'caused by the police' The player and teammate Pero Anti were charged with obstructing governmental administration. Incident happened on the same night that Indiana Pacers player
Stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected. Scientists have included protection against Influenza A strain H3N2 and Influenza B strain B/Phuket. The decision to include both was triggered by a spike in flu-related deaths in the northern hemisphere. High-risk groups - such as the very young and very old, and most indigenous Australians - will be able to access free, government-funded flu shots from April 20.
Google introduced the app in February as a'safer' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to 'family-focused content' But the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials. The activists say digital media should be subject to the same rules as television, which limits commercial content on kids' programming.
Texas Health Resources filed a response on Friday to the March 2 lawsuit by nurse Nina Pham. Pham, who remains employed at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas but has not returned to work, seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit. A man visiting Dallas from Liberia, Thomas Eric Duncan, died October 8 at the hospital. Pham and another nurse caring for Duncan contracted Ebola but survived.
Prime Minister's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children. Nancy Cameron has taken to likening her father to Phil Dunphy from US hit sitcom Modern Family. PM admits the comparison is 'not great', with his fashion getting the thumbs down from 11-year-old. Dunphy, played by Ty Burrell, is one of the stand-out characters in the US show.
Cindy Santamaria-Williams, of Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on Easter Sunday. She said she shushed three girls in the dark theater during Fast and Furious 7 because they were cursing loudly. Police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught.
Tyrus Byrd, 40, was sworn into office in Parma, Missouri last week, but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force, the city attorney, clerk and water treatment supervisor. The officials all cited'safety concerns' in their resignation letters, the outgoing mayor says. Mrs Byrd, who was sworn in on Wednesday, told the Daily Mail Online on Sunday that she is still not sure why the city employees quit. There are 713 people living in the community and, according to the US Census Bureau, 57percent are white and 41percent are black
King slammed Warner Brothers in 2012 for dropping plans to make a movie trilogy. Three years later, things are back on track - this time with Sony. Eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a 'gunslinger' on his journey towards a tower. Javier Bardem and Russell Crowe are said to be interested in lead roles.
The Wonderland House in Brighton sleeps up to 24, with tea party sets, Queen of Heart themed bunk beds, and themed wallpaper. Jacqueline Martin designed the house in less than a year, sourcing materials online from other countries on Ebay and Pinterest. The Looking Glass Cottage, also in Brighton, is the first of the properties to be created three years ago and costs from £450 per night.
Young fisherman in Thailand reeled in the catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod. But was the achievement just a hoax? Captured standing on the bank of what appears to be a lake, the youngster holds onto a tiny blue and yellow fishing rod with a big grin on his face. Since it was uploaded, the video has been viewed over a million times and many people have commented to congratulate the youngster.
Reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children. Many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius. Parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh. One user's mother used her son's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house.
Marilyn Zuniga, a teacher at Forest Street School in Orange, New Jersey, has been suspended without pay pending an investigation. She had her third graders write letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital from collapsing in prison. The letters were delivered to him in prison following his hospitalization last month for what his family said was treatment for complications from diabetes. He is serving life behind bars for the 1981 murder of white Philadelphia police Officer Daniel Faulkner. His conviction was upheld through years of appeals, but he has
Zella Jackson Price, 76, was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died. But the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption by another family. Friends of Gilmore's foster parents revealed to Price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her. Her foster parents have since died, but Price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home. For the first time, Price and Gilmore met in-person at Price's Olivette home.
A proposed alcohol ban in Indonesia could deter Australians from holidaying in Bali. The number of Australians visiting Bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year, with more arriving than any other nationality. Indonesia Institute president Ross Taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of Bali Nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list of concerns about Indonesia among fellow nationals. Mr Taylor says legislation proposed by two Islamic parties banning consumption of all beverages containing more than one per cent alcohol is considered more of a worry.
Shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in the main rate of corporation tax. He was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax, into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years. Businesses are already concerned about Labours stated plans not to cut corporation tax  paid by all large firms on their profits  as the Tories have vowed to if they win office.
The collective ceremony was billed the first of its kind to be held in China. Canine couples arrived in BMW convertibles and a stretch Hummer limousine. Guests included Olympic gymnast and gold medallist Teng Haibin, who married off his pet. Organisers said the event was designed to give pets and their owners a day to remember.
Perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality. If we like someone's smell, they become instantly more attractive to us, and vice versa. So powerful is our unconscious reaction to smell that perfumers claim wearing certain scents will make a woman seem younger, more athletic or even slimmer. Harrods' Roja Dove picks his favourites.
Morrissey has written a letter to The Just Group imploring them to stop using angora wool. The Just Group own Just Jeans, Portmans, Dotti, Peter Alexander, Jacqui E, and Jay Jays. PETA Australia has been petitioning the retailer to reconsider their position. They have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur. In February, Morrissey banned meat products from being sold at the Sydney Opera House. He will be performing four sold-out shows as part of the Sydney Vivid Live festival in May.
Stefan Stoykov, 18, is a senior at North Central High School in Indianapolis, Indiana. He moved to the US from Bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak English. Now 18, he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet. Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Penn, Yale and Princeton have all come knocking.
Jalin Smith-Walker, 19, is wanted by Grand Rapids, Michigan police after video emerged this week showing her running over a rival with her car in a street fight. Police have an arrest warrant out for the teen on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder. In December, she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting. This is apparently the second time in recent months she has been arrested for a crime involving her car.
@BarbieStyle has more followers than the original @Barbie account, which has 434,000 followers. The Mattel icon travels with an entourage of three people, including Ken and her dog, to every major event she attends. She has 'thousands' of pieces, most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her Instagram account by the brand's director of design.
80 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds feel lonely at some point. Half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely. Chloe Jackson, 19, appeared on today's This Morning to talk about feeling lonely online. She said Facebook made her feel left out of the fun her friends were having.
Oklahoma Transportation Network Company Services Act now allows private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination. Republican Sen. Jason Smalley rewrote the bill to give drivers the option to discriminate. Uber and Lyft already have policies that prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
More than 70,000 people have signed petition to get spikes removed from Leeds branch. McDonald's installed metal studs to stop people sleeping rough in Leeds city centre. But critics say they are there to target the homeless and are uncomfortable to sleep on. Fast food giant says they were installed two years ago to stop anti-social behaviour.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon led a ferocious assault on the Labour leader. He said he is a 'backstabber' who cannot be trusted not to sell out in a 'grubby' deal with SNP. Tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of Labour election candidates oppose the replacement of Trident. Mr Miliband reacted with fury to the attacks, accusing the Tories of 'desperate smears'
Ophelia Conant managed to crawl backwards through a gap in the cot. The 19-month-old was left hanging mid air by her neck. Her mother, Louise Conant, happened to be watching the incident unfold. Phillip Dickens, who supplied the beds, was today fined £50,000 and given a suspended prison sentence.
Customs specialist John Frost has had to listen to people 'lying through their teeth at you' He has seen socks impregnated with heroin, cannabis resin in shoes, soup cans or barrels of bitumen. Drugs are often hidden in hollowed-out disposable lighters, AA batteries that unscrew to reveal a stash inside and shaving cream aerosols cleverly made to still squirt real foam out of the top. The worst part of the job, however, is the strip-search.
Aueel Manyang was moved from intensive care unit at the Royal Children's Hospital on Friday. She greeted her distraught mother, Akon Guode, with a 'big hug', her father said. The five-year-old believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile because the children associate the giant reptiles with water. Her brother Bol, one, and twins Madit and Anger, four, died after their mother crashed her 4WD into a lake at Wyndham Vale in Melbourne's outer west on Wednesday. Their father Joseph Tito Manyang
Finder.com.au money and real estate expert Michelle Hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home. She says for as little as $5 and no more than $20 each from your local hardware store, they are inexpensive and an easy do-it-yourself project. Tidying up and organising storage spaces will always add value to any home, she says.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, blogs about living with an ostomy bag after emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis. She has called for the new Tips From Former Smokers ad, commissioned by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, to be banned. The advert features Julia, 58, of Mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old.
Robin Esser has worked in national newspapers for 60 years. His best stories are from his days as editor of the William Hickey gossip column in the Daily Express. He worked in Fleet Street during the glory days, when reporters kept four pennies in their pockets for the telephone box, a knife to puncture rival reporters cars, and enjoyed liquid lunches on expenses.
Argentina has accused three British oil firms of working without permission. Foreign Office summoned Argentina's ambassador to London for a dressing down last week. Philip Hammond said Falklands residents can rely on UK to protect them from 'Argentinian bullying' It follows a provocative speech by Argentinian president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner. She said: 'We will see the islands form part of our territory again. Its not just wishful thinking'
Jo Burston, 43, is an award-winning Australian tech entrepreneur. Her first business Job Capital turned over $40 million in its first four years. Burston has now started eight companies, and last year caught the attention of Richard Branson while staying on his private retreat Necker Island. She hopes her new venture 'Inspiring Rare Birds' will empower women in business.
Karen Buckley, 24, disappeared from Glasgow club in early hours of Sunday morning. She told friends she was going to the loo but failed to return and did not collect her coat. CCTV shows her talking to a man outside Sanctuary nightclub before getting into his car. The Glasgow Caledonia University student then travelled to his flat in nearby Kelvindale. Handbag thought to belong to her was found in a park near the man's home this afternoon. Her parents Marian and John have flown to Scotland to help with the search for their daughter. Police say they have traced the
Mystery man was found in Gniezno, western Poland, in February. He told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from. Ambulance was called after he appeared disorientated and walked into traffic. Since then, he has remained in a psychiatric unit, but his memory has yet to return. Polish police have released pictures of the man in the hope that someone will recognise him. They are working with experts to try and work out where his accent is.
Keith MacDonald, 29, from Sunderland, has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers. He was set to become a father for the sixthteenth time but has revealed he's split from the unborn child's mother. MacDonald, who has appeared on Jeremy Kyle, says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus. In 2012 he was found guilty of common assault and stealing after a row over a cheese toastie.
Police response times have increased by up to 50 per cent in some areas due to cuts. In Bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes. Essex and Kent crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response. The number of police officers across England and Wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009. Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said victims were being put at risk.
Freddie Gray, 27, was arrested last Sunday in Baltimore, Maryland, by four officers for an undisclosed violation. He died on Sunday morning at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, likely from spinal injuries. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake vowed to ensure the city held 'the right people accountable' The race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave. Civilian video showed him being loaded into the van, but did not show the entire encounter.
Dennis Sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help Nermin Kancefer. He disinherited his surviving relatives who had been intended beneficiaries for 20 years. His family claimed the carer exploited the 'vulnerable' childless widower, who had Parkinson's disease and was in poor health. But the mother-of-one insists Mr Sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family.
Channel Ten show The Project accidentally used footage of the wrong African-American comic when promoting upcoming guest Michael Che. Two of the three clips shown were of Che's Saturday Night Live castmate Jay Pharoah. Waleed Aly apologised for the embarrassing mistake, admitting 'we stuffed up' later on during the program after the mistake was flagged by gobsmacked Twitter users. Pharoah saw the funny side of the incident and shared viewers tweets about the blunder.
The OrcaSub by Motion Code: Blue allows a diving depth of 820 feet. The Migaloo can be both a yacht and submarine, and costs £1,284,169 ($1.9 million) The Super Yacht Sub 3 by U-Boat Worx is 984 feet (300 metres) below the surface. Oliver's Travels lets you rent out a submarine, complete with Captain, chef and chef, for £175,000.
The Omura's whale was discovered on a remote Exmouth beach in WA. It is the first sighting of the species in WA and only the second in Australia. Identifying the 5.68m juvenile female was at first difficult for Department of Parks and Wildlife staff. The species is usually found in Indonesian waters, the Philippines and the Sea of Japan.
This year's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise. Tory cupcake cases, Lib Dem 18th birthday cards and Nick Clegg underwear all on sale. Ukip have created a range of 'political man pants' for men 'who don't know whether they dress to the right or left'
Mohammed Nisar, 55, was driving sole trader Adrian Quinn to Walsall train station. Mr Quinn, 46, had hopped out of the vehicle in a rush, forgetting his rucksack. He had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque. On realising his mistake, Mr Quinn felt 'dazed' and tried to find another cab. But all the cabbies he flagged down had already got other passengers on the road. So Mr Quinn returned the bag to Mr NISAR, who said 'honesty is the best policy'
Kate, 33, wore Hobbs, ASOS, Séraphine and JoJo Maman Bébé during pregnancy. Favourites have all been worn repeatedly during the pre-pregnancy season. The Duchess is also a fan of L.K Bennett, Jenny Packham and Jaeger. All of her maternity clothes have come from the High Street.
Charge came to light after French air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month. Customers asked to provide airline letter confirming cancellation, but told to pay £10 fee. Association of European Airlines said no other airline has attempted to charge for this. EasyJet spokesman said: 'Administration charge applied because each letter has to be individually researched and created for each passenger'
Maya Pindeus, 24, and Johanna Pichlbauer, 25, created the robot for their art project. The machine is composed of three components: a lipstick wheel, an eyeliner applicator, and a mask. It made its debut at the Biennale Internationale Design Saint-Etienne 2015 in France. Women were then filmed testing the machine for the University of Vienna students' art project entitled Beautification.
Robert Ewing, 60, accused of murdering Paige Chivers, 15, after she vanished in 2007. Jury told he called police two weeks prior to her disappearance to 'test the water' He allegedly told officers she had turned up on his doorstep having been 'thrown out' by her father. Eight months later, Ewing's friend, Gareth Dewhurst, 46, said he dumped her body in his car. Dewhurst, of Blackpool, denies sexual penetration of a corpse and assisting an offender in disposing of a body.
Ron and June Phillips were on a 14-night cruise off the coast of Lanzarote in January 2013. They were travelling on the Thomson Celebration cruise ship when they were attacked. Graeme Finlay, 53, claims he was 'ignored' when he joined their table and moved to another. He claims Mr Phillips, 70, later struck him with his crutch during a confrontation. Teesside Crown Court heard how crew members discovered a bloodstained T-shirt and bed sheets in Finlay's cabin with blood marks. Finlay denies unlawfully wounding Mr Phillips and causing Mrs Phillips griev
Erica Ann Ginneti, 35, a married mother of three from Philadelphia, pleaded guilty in December to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor. Montgomery County Court Judge Garrett D. Page reportedly asked 'What young man would not jump on that candy?' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail. The former math and calculus teacher at Lower Moreland Township School District had been facing seven to 14 years in prison. Ginetti will also face three years probation, 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender.
All three major political parties have backed calls for an inquiry into the pay packets. Royal College of Physicians president called for an independent review of top NHS pay. Head of Royal College of Nursing said nurses who had faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise for their bosses. Jeremy Hunt said a future Conservative government would look into the findings 'in detail'
Dave Heeley, 57, from West Bromwich, ran the gruelling challenge over six days. He battled through sand dunes, dried river beds and rocks. The father-of-three crossed the finish line on Friday after running 156 miles. Competitors must carry provisions on their back and sleep in tents. Temperatures in the desert can reach 50 degrees during the day.
Deputy Labour leader refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel, alcohol, tobacco or air fares. Asked if the party would raise levy on petrol, she said: 'We rule out increasing VAT, the basic or the higher rate of tax' Chancellor George Osborne said the remarks showed Labour would bring back the fuel duty escalator, which raised the levy by the level of inflation plus 1p per litre, scrapped by the Coalition in 2011.
120 confirmed HIV cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to Scott County, about 30 miles north of Louisville, Kentucky. That's up from 106 last week, said the Indiana State Department of Health. Health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested. Growing number could put pressure on Pence to extend the 30-day needle exchange program that he approved on March 26.
The family of Boston Marathon bombing victim Martin Richard wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe, saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Last week, a jury found Tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the April 15, 2013 attack on the Boston Marathon finish line. The penalty phase of the trial starts next week, in which the jury will decide whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole. On Tuesday, the Richard family revisited the finish line to take part in an emotional memorial, two years after Martin's death.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her popular range with seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses. New additions include swing tops and blouses, as well as a pair of floral fringed kimonos. The TOWIE star has taken inspiration from the catwalks and is keen to show her fans that you dont have to be size six to rock a fashion trend.
Noelle Baynham was found by a friend who let himself in after she didn't answer door. The 61-year-old's body had been partially eaten by the Jack Russell and Bull Terrier. Pathologist could not determine cause of death because she couldn't look at organs. Coroner ruled there was no evidence of suicide or an accidental fall, but said she may have had a stroke.
Puno is a city of 100,000 people on the shores of Lake Titicaca, one of the world's largest lakes. It sits on a vast plateau in the Andes, at an altitude north of 13,000 ft, higher than any Alpine ski resort. The floating Uros Islands, built by the Uru people, are made from totora reeds in the shallows.
The eight-inch leather dildo with a wooden head was discovered in Gdansk, Poland. It was found during an excavation at an old school of swordsmanship. Archaeologists say it was probably dropped by someone in the ancient toilet. The artifact has now been taken away for preservation work.
Poll by Direct Line found that parking charges are the most hated fees and charges. 48 per cent of people said they should be free, while 31 per cent said they are too high. Most ATMs are free to use, but some corner shops charge £1.50 to withdraw cash. Parking charges and fines made councils in England a record £667million last year.
Sabrina Osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in Naracoorte at about midday on Sunday. She was driving a friend's car about 110km south to Mount Gambier in South Australia's southeast but abandoned the vehicle in the centre of the town. The 25-year-old was due to return to her home at about 7.30pm but when she didn't return the police were contacted. At about 11am on Monday she informed authorities that she had been in Glenelg Conservation Park and that she was safe and well.
The teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, wanted to obtain abrin online. He was caught after an investigation was launched by the North West counter-terrorism unit. The 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court. It is contrary to the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and the Biological Weapons Act 1974.
US has deployed aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and eight other combat vessels to waters off embattled country. Cargo ships' presence raised fears within Saudi-led coalition which is helping Yemen's government fight off Iranian-backed rebels known as the Houthis. But Pentagon spokesman refused to say whether the US flotilla - armed with F18 fighter jets - would intercept the fleet if it neared a Yemeni port. Iranian vessels were suspected of carrying arms and equipment destined for the Huthi rebels, United States defense officials said on Monday.
Thirty-five people have been killed and 125 injured after a suicide bomb attack in Jalalabad, Afghanistan. The attacker detonated an explosive-laden motorcycle, killing 35 people and injuring another 125. He targeted a crowd of military personnel and civilians waiting to receive their monthly salaries. Islamic State has since claimed responsibility for the attack, President Ghani said. One witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier.
Health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing. Can help enhance your mood, renew skin and even reduce menopause symptoms. Pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins A, K and E, as well as vital minerals and fatty acids, which can help strengthen hair and even help boost hair growth.
Knightsbridge flat has just three years left on the lease and is being sold by Russell Simpson for £575,000. But if any buyer decides to extend the lease, the property could be worth upwards of £6 million. The next cheapest three-bedroom property in Knightsbridge costs £1.5 million, and this flat is only offered with a 28-year lease. Estate agents said it was rare for properties with such short leases to come on the market and the phone 'hasn't stopped ringing' about it.
Jourdan, 24, and Naomi, 44, face Burberry's new eyewear range, the Gabardine. Pair first teamed up for brand's spring/summer 2015 campaign. Duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model new frames.
Jia Huaijin, 33, now hand-makes swords in rural China that sell for up to £22,000 each  nearly 18 times the monthly salary of Chinese president Xi Jinping. He made the drastic change in career five years ago at the age of 28, when his job working as a manager in a government organisation left him feeling 'empty' He decided to move to a remote wheat farm in Henan province with his wife to set up his own workshop.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was found slumped in a car in Wembley on Tuesday morning. He had been shot in the chest and was declared dead half an hour later. His son Murhaf said: 'He was the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet' He added: 'We have not slept and our minds are a blur as to what happened and why' Daughter Elham, 23, said he was a 'loving father and husband' and 'always helping everyone' Friends say he may have been killed in a hit from the Syrian regime
The Australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the Beckhams and Kimye by bringing their children along to Fashion Week. The offspring of some of Sydney's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of Ellery, Alice McCall and Maticevski. Style blogger Hass Murad and PR maven Roxy Jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me's this week at the Carriageworks venue in Sydney.
Waitrose announced the early arrival of its first British tomatoes of the year. It is stocking large Jack Hawkins, aromatic Red Choice and tiny Baby Plums. Strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal - and English raspberries saw their earliest ever appearance in the last week of March.
Janek Zylinski posted the challenge online after declaring he had 'had enough' of Ukip leader. He said: 'Enough is enough, Mr Farage. So I'd like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning, with our swords, and resolve this matter' Ukip leader forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting Eastern European worker during a factory tour in Essex.
Ed Miliband said the bobby on the beat is 'at risk of disappearing' because of Tory cuts. Labour leader said rising numbers of serious criminals 'are being let off the hook' He pledged to protect jobs of 10,000 police officers and guarantee neighbourhood policing. But it emerged party's police adviser, Lord Stephens, is to be investigated over the Stephen Lawrence murder probe. IPCC will investigate claims he failed to hand over information to the Macpherson Inquiry.
The converted four-bedroom home on Lawrenny Court, with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors, was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion Homeden. Around 25 years ago, the distinctive Toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today. The house will be opened to prospective buyers on 22 April and is set to go under the hammer on 16 May. While the doors of the 'breathtaking' property have not yet been opened to potential buyers, they believe the property will fetch upward of $3.5 million.
Isabelle Obert, a nutritionist, runs Nurture Me Fertility. She believes a diet rich in minerals, vitamins, essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman's body for conception. Here, she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility, plus some tips on how to prepare them.
Petri Kurti, 13, murdered 47-year-old Glynis Bensley as she walked home in Smethwick. CCTV footage shows him jumping her and co-defendant Zoheb Majid, 20, joining in the attack. Kurti then stamps on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek, court heard. Judge John Warner said he had been 'running wild' in his home life at the time of the murder. He was jailed for minimum of 12 years for murder and will be on licence for life. Majid was
Jessica Bialek was last seen leaving her Coogee home on Wednesday morning. The 37-year-old mother-of-one was on her way to the bank when she disappeared. She returned home to her husband Sabino Matera and their daughter on Thursday evening. Her husband posted a heartfelt thank you on his Facebook page to everyone who helped find his wife. Police have thanked the public and media for their help in locating the missing woman. Jessica is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 170-175 kilograms, with brown hair, brown eyes and brown eyes.
Clarkson, 55, was sacked by BBC after 'unprovoked' attack on Oisin Tymon, 36. Presenter said being given cancer warning was one of most stressful experiences of his life. He said Top Gear had come to dominate his life after his divorce and death of his mother. Clarksoon was suspended by the broadcaster last month following internal investigation. But he was sacked after he attacked Mr Tymon at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
A fire was started at St Mary's Catholic Church in Dandenong at 2.15am on April 1. Police have released an image of a bearded young man they want to speak to. The church is said to be the site of child sex attacks perpetrated by now-deceased paedophile Father Kevin O'Donnell. He was jailed for 15 months in 1995 after he admitted to abusing 10 boys and two girls. It is one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three Melbourne Catholic churches with links to paedophile priests. At least five people killed themselves after being sexually abused
18-month-old Harry was out with his parents in Cambridge on Bank Holiday Monday. He was caught under a cyclist's wheel and dragged along the path by the cyclist. The cyclist, thought to be in her 20s, then rode off without stopping at the scene. Harry was taken to hospital with cuts and bruises to his face, head and legs. Police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident.
Jim Jepps used blog The Daily Maybe to defend 'rape fantasies' and paedophiles. He also questioned why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on sex offenders register. Green leader Natalie Bennett has distanced herself from the controversial posts. She said: 'Jim is a private individual not involved in party politics. I will not be commenting on words he's said'
Linda McLean was in her classroom at Pine Eagle Charter School in August of 2013 when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun. The 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her 'preparedness' or that the gun was loaded with blanks. Now, years after learning of the 'harebrained scheme,' Oregon Live reports that McLean is still traumatized by the event.
Stephanie Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her body was found the following Friday. The 26-year-old teacher from Leeton was due to marry her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday April 11. A guest list of 120 people had been invited to the wedding at the picturesque Eat Your Greens venue in Eugowra. Ms Scott's father Robert says he has contemplated the afterlife but is confident his daughter is in 'the best possible place' 'When you die I don't know what happens really, but you leave this body and our spirit is what
Technology billionaire Elon Musk pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company Tesla to Google in 2013, according to a new biography. Beset by technical problems on its flagship Model S, Tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy. Musk proposed that Google buy Tesla for $6 billion and promise an additional $5 billion in factory expansions. He also demanded that he be permitted to run Tesla as a unit of Google for eight years, or until Tesla produced a third-generation car. Tesla's fortunes changed suddenly in May 2013 when the company reported its first profit.
Professor Eric Cline claims Bronze Age civilisation was hit by a 'perfect storm' of disasters 3,200 years ago. He says a series of droughts, famines, climate change, earthquakes, invasions and internal rebellions happened in quick succession between 1225BC and 1177BC. The collapse of these great civilisations left the Ancient Egyptians, the Babylonians, Minoans and Mycenians unable to cope. Professor Cline says the events that led up to the collapse of the civilisations marked a turning point in ancient history.
Biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line. Sons of fathers with a criminal record for sex offending are four times more likely to be convicted of such crimes. News comes after Jimmy Savile was revealed to have abused patients in 41 hospitals during a 24 year reign of abuse. Johnny Savile is accused of abusing seven women at a South London hospital.
Atlanta-based photographer Kate T. Parker was inspired to create her aptly-titled series Strong is the New Pretty while pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters. The series aims to empower the girls and honor their personal interests - whatever they may be. Ms Parker's story was shared on Today show yesterday and inspired hundreds of parents to post photos of their own daughters doing the things they love.
Tebow, 27, hasn't played a snap in the NFL in over two years since being cut by the New England Patriots before the 2013 season. The team announced the contract Monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 Heisman Trophy winner. Fans can already purchase a Nike Tim Tebow midnight green Philadelphia Eagles game jersey for $99.95.
Annabel Jensen, Grayson Moore and Sara Jade Woodhouse are transgender. Church of Latter Day Saints does not recognize transgender people as members. But they have found a way to remain devout members of the religion. Around 30 transgender Mormons meet every week in a support group. They have started to get the attention of senior church members.
Mick Tabone, 74, first came across the 5.2 metre crocodile in 1989. The farmer would sit on the creature's back while he chatted to him for 20 years. Gregory was captured after he was found stealing a local farmer's cattle. He was named after the farmer whose cattle he was stealing. Mr Tabone describes the crocodile as a 'funny animal' and said he never felt unsafe with him.
The golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the Elvis at The O2 exhibition. Normally on display at Graceland, the singers former home-turned-museum. It was made for the singer by Hollywood tailor Nudie Cohn, whose other customers have included Sir Elton John, Ronald Reagan and John Wayne. Although touted as his $10,000 suit, this astronomical price was reportedly a gimmick.
Max Maisel went missing on February 21 after his car was found abandoned. The 21-year-old was last seen leaving his vehicle near Lake Ontario, New York. His body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from coast guard station on Monday. Family said they were'relieved' his body had been found and had mourned him since. Max is the son of senior ESPN writer and photographer Ivan Maisel.
Rafi Meitiv, 10, and his sister Dvora, 6, were picked up by police while walking through a suburb of Washington, DC on Sunday. The 7-minute 911 call that reignited the 'free-range' parenting controversy has been released. A concerned citizen called 911 after seeing the siblings wandering alone near a park around a third of a mile from their home. Maryland CPS picked them up and kept them in custody for five hours before releasing them to their parents. Parents Danielle and Alexander Meitiv say they were left to panic for hours before letting them know their
Mohonk Mountain House sits on the banks of Lake Mohonk in New York's Hudson Valley. The faux-gothic Victorian castle hotel is a vast adventure playground for all ages. Guests can explore the 5,000 acres of hotel grounds and the surrounding preserve.
Satine Cahill was serving as the team's mascot ahead of their match against North Melbourne at Adelaide Oval on Sunday. The pig-tailed youngster became spooked by the fireworks and rumbling 47,000 fans in the stadium. She burst into tears and was pictured in the corner as Adelaide Crows staffer Kelly Modra tried to comfort the nervous schoolgirl. Taylor Walker quickly stepped up to help calm Satine down before taking her hand and walking with her onto the field.
Westley Capper, 37, has already admitted driving Agnese Klavina, 30, away from Aqwa Mist. Police believe 5ft 7in waitress was forced into the vehicle by Capper and Craig Porter. Capper refused to be questioned after being summonsed to court in Marbella yesterday. Co-accused Porter, 33, also declined to answer questions during a closed court hearing. Agnese disappeared after a night out at glitzy Puerto Banus nightclub on September 6. She was spotted shortly before she left talking to a woman of Russian appearance.
Charlotte Li, 26, from London, decided to design Healthy Selfie with her husband Joe. The idea for the app came after an over-indulgent Christmas left her feeling 'fat and unhealthy' She chartered her weightloss success with body selfies and compared them to see how far she had come. Joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies before he and Charlotte decided to launch the app.
Justin Welby will say 148 students slaughtered by Somali gunmen were'martyrs' Comments follow Pope Franciss denunciation of the senseless killings at Garissa University College, in which Christians were singled out and shot. David Cameron says it was truly shocking that Christians were still tortured or killed.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their Evans, Georgia home last Saturday. She 'had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom, used sex toys on herself in front of the youngsters and later awoke to find a 16-year old having sex with her' But earlier this week, her daughter defended her actions, saying: 'Yes she made some mistakes. Yes she is an alcoholic. Yea I've f***ed up too. But nobody deserves this s***. So stop'
Footage shows ISIS suicide bomber's car being catapulted 100ft into the air. He was apparently trying to launch an attack on Kurdish Peshmerga forces in northern Iraq. But as car approaches, it appears to hit what appears to be a roadside bomb. As it begins to fall back down to earth, the car explodes like a firework in mid-air. It is either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting, or both.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 46, is accused of sexually assaulting 11 cadets while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London, between 2010 and 2011. One woman told Southwark Crown Court she saw Mee as a father figure after he helped her join the Army. Mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three rapes and one count of assault by penetration.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 71, completed the gruelling fifth stage of the Marathon des Sables. He was taken straight to the medical tent because of concerns for his heart. Had to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run because of fears he would not finish. Described the experience as'more hellish than hell' and said he became 'woozy' Previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass, a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes.
Robert Mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and dangly earrings. But it was in fact a cleverly taken photograph taken by a woman standing behind him. Image emerged amid claims the president is lining up his daughter to succeed. Mugabe arrived into Pretoria, South Africa today for a three-day state visit.
Graffiti shows Greek goddess Niobe weeping on metal doorway of destroyed house. It was painted on the only remaining piece of the Darduna family home in Gaza. Bilal Khaled is accused of buying it for $200 without telling them its real value. He claims he has paperwork to prove he owns it, but the family say they were duped. The mural is now being held at Khan Yunis public library until the dispute is resolved.
Robert 'Bob' Burns Jr, 64, died late Friday in a single-vehicle crash near Cartersville, Georgia. His vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve, striking a mailbox and a tree. Cartersville is about 125 miles from Macon, Georgia, where Duane Allman died in a 1971 motorcycle crash. The members of Lynyrd Skynyrd dedicated their song Free Bird to his memory.
The Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) is located along the no-man's land between the North and South. It is a popular surf spot for South Korean hipsters, gangsters, ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class. The area features an 'overlapping' of military installations along the coast as it nears the border with the north.
Gerry Pickens, 28, was hired as a police officer in Orting, Washington, last year. He was fired by the town's police chief after just under a year on the force. Claims he was called a 'token black guy' by fellow officers and treated unfairly. Woke up one morning to find his Ford Explorer had been sprayed with N-word graffiti. Pickens is now suing the town for $5million - more than double its annual budget. Says he was fired for reasons he believes are down to the color of his skin.
Richard Ilczyszyn, 46, 'groaned' and 'cried' in bathroom as plane prepared to land. Staff 'left him alone in cubicle and let off all other passengers before calling paramedics' His wife Kelly, a Southwest flight attendant, is filing a wrongful death suit against airline. She said: 'He should have been helped on the aircraft. If they just would have gotten help' Southwest said staff treat such behavior as a security risk.
Doug Hughes, 61, spent two years planning his stunt, which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of Congress. Now under arrest, he has been chaperoned back to his home in Ruskin, Florida, where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in Washington, D.C., next month. The Secret Service has decided not to prosecute Mr Hughes' wife Alena, who claims she was not aware of the plan. Mrs Hughes told officers her husband said he was going to Virginia but did not elaborate.
Labour leader announced plans to overhaul Britain's non-domicile regime. It allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money they bring in. Miliband initially suggested he would 'abolish' the tax-free status. But Labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls forced to admit he did not know how much extra cash it would raise.
Tiger Woods hit a tree root during the final round of the Masters on Sunday. The 39-year-old was 470 yards from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws. He then slammed the club into the root, causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony. After the round he revealed his wrist bone had 'popped out' of place. Woods shunned medical attention and simply pushed it back in himself. Jordan Spieth became the youngest winner since Woods in 2009 to win the Masters.
The trailer for upcoming ABC TV show 8MMM Aboriginal Radio was deemed 'potentially offensive' The clip shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a traditional ceremony. The show's co-creator Rachel Clements called Facebook's decision to remove the video'silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us' 'I just don't understand how mothers breastfeeding or dancing ceremonially [can be] offensive,' said Patricia Morton-Thomas, who co-created the comedy show.
Mr MacGregor, 68, has been at the helm of the museum since 2002. He said it was 'a difficult thing' to decide to leave after 13 years in the job. Previously ran the National Gallery and worked as a broadcaster. His Radio 4 series A History Of The World In 100 Objects was inspired by the museum's collection.
Mercury is expected to reach 25C (77F) in the South East today beating Marseille at 22C (72F), Athens at 21C (70F), Rome at 19C (66F) and Madrid at 18C (64F) Temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives but the days will remain sunny until next week. It will be chillier at night, with parts of the North dipping to 2C (36F) tonight with the threat of frost. Highest temperature recorded yesterday was 22.7C in St James's Park in central London
Justin Bettman caught the media's attention when he began his 'Set in the Street' project in December 2014. He would build sets that, in pictures, looked like the inside of a living room, child's bedroom, or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub. But zoom out of the picture and it was revealed that Bettman was actually building these sets right on the street, using mostly furniture that had been given away or left for garbage. Bettman's work caught the attention of Jose Luis, who saw a feature on the photographer in New York Magazine and sent him an email with an idea
David Hibbitt, 33, was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer in July 2012. Underwent chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery to remove large bowel. Doctors told him the cancer was terminal and he had 18 months to five years to live. Decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram. Now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in January. He is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner of six years Heather Martin.
In 1996, at the age of 9, Jennifer Bush was taken from her family after her mother Kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose. Jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals, as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness. A health care worker later reported Kathy Bush to authorities, suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine. After a long legal battle, a jury in 1999 found Kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison. Still the two were not allowed to see each other
The driver, named by Chinese media as Mr Zhang, was driving to visit his mother. He saw an injured woman lying by the side of the road but decided stopping to help would be too much inconvenience. When he returned to the scene of the accident he found his mother covered in blood and dying. Police have arrested a local over the hit-and-run.
Mitchelle Blair, 35, from Michigan, is charged with with felony murder, premeditated murder and torture. Court officers carrying out a March 24 eviction at the family's apartment found the frozen corpses of 13-year-old Stoni Ann Blair and Stephen Gage Berry, 9. Blair used an expletive Wednesday in juvenile court as visitation between her two living children and their fathers was discussed. She was removed from the court when she failed to stop shouting, although she returned silently 13 minutes later.
Prince Harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal. The Prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother, as others snapped photos on their smartphones. 'The people's Prince' continued to show off his playful side, high-fiving a young boy who was waiting behind a barricade.
First Minister reveals she would regard an 'out' vote in the Tories' EU poll as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the UK. Also reveals she intends to be in London on May 8 - the day after the general election - to personally lead the SNP's negotiating team in the event of another hung Parliament. Miss Sturgeon said she - not predecessor Alex Salmond - would take charge of any talks, even though she is not running for a Westminster seat and he is. SNP MPs would seek to amend an EU referendum Bill to insist on a 'double majority' - meaning England, Scotland
Britons wake up grumpier than anyone else in Western world, study finds. This is despite getting more time in bed than most nations - seven hours 22 minutes a night. Only Japanese, South Koreans and Singaporeans are moodier when day breaks. Britons had the seventh most disturbed sleep out of 50 countries surveyed.
Lindsey Vonn was back at Augusta Friday to watch boyfriend Tiger Woods play in the second round of the Masters. Vonn looked stressed at times though Woods played a solid round, carding a three-under-par 69. This as Woods, competing after a two-month absence to retool his game, showed flashes of his old magic as he fired his best score at the Masters in four years in Friday's second round. Woods is still well behind the leader, hot young American star Jordan Spieth, who broke the 36 hole record on Friday.
Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder of 50-year-old Walter Scott. The father-of-four was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his Mercedes. Police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is. He was detained with Scott and put in the back of a police car, according to a police report. Officer Slager was allowed to stay with the force despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man. Mario Givens made a complaint about Slager in September
David, 53, and wife Sandra, 52, from Plymouth, were harassmed by David's sister. Ann Duffy, pretended to be her now sister-in-law and cancelled her brother's wedding. The couple have spoken about their family feud on Channel 5 documentary, Family Secrets and Lies, which airs tonight.
Clarence Taylor, 44, remains at large after police in Akron, Ohio ordered his arrest in connected to a bizarre 'faked kidnapping' last fall. On November 1, Taylor's 45-year-old girlfriend called police, saying he had been missing for several days. While she was on the phone with investigators, the girlfriend received a call from another of Taylor's friends who said he had found him tied to a tree with zip ties. That unidentified man then led police to Taylor, who was strangely still bound to the tree. Police have since charged Taylor with a first-degree misdemeanor charge of
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon, 44, wore a blue and black dress for last night's debate. Viewers took to Twitter to debate the colour of the frock, with many claiming it was grey. Others claimed it was green, while others said it was teal or ice blue. One viewer said the focus on the dress missed the point of the debate.
Clint Gee had planned to reunite his mother, Elizabeth Hobbs, with his father, Alex Gee, who died in 1964. He made the six hour journey to Wandoan in regional Queensland to look after his father's grave-site every year. Mr Gee paid a $342 fee for the council to ensure everything ran smoothly. Western Downs Regional Council apologised and provided a refund to Mr Gee.
Shanay Walker was found dead in her bed in Nottingham last July. Her aunt, Kay-Ann Morris, 23, is on trial at Nottingham Crown Court. She is accused of killing the schoolgirl after a 'vicious and sustained' attack. The prosecution claim she was subject to'repeated acts of cruelty' These included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush, a jury heard.
Hidden cameras credited with 25 per cent spike in speeding fines could be banned. At least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year  a quarter more than in the previous year. Increase put down to the introduction of smart motorways which use the cameras, known as Hadecs, to police speed limits. Many drivers are being given the minimum £100 fines despite driving under the national motorway speed limit of 70mph.
Daniel Boykin, 33, was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a co-worker. He pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary, wiretapping, unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes. More than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on Boykins phone and computer, and he broke into her home five times. The TSA agent also admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at Nashville International Airport.
Bondi's Icebergs Club pool was drained on Thursday to create a unique catwalk for Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The Ten Pieces presentation saw models walk through the concrete pool and along the break wall with a backdrop of the ocean. Ten Pieces produces capsule collection of ten pieces of unisex clothing designed to be worn in 20 ways.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, from Dewsbury, thought to have fled to Syria. Billed by their families as 'ordinary Yorkshire lads' and billed as 'two ordinary Yorkshire boys' Farouk Younis, imam of mosque used by relatives, said Muslims must talk to other teenagers. 'We need to talk to their friends and show them the barbaric things that are going on there,' he said. The next-door neighbours are close friends and seen playing snooker at local centre.
The 34-year-old mother-of-one spoke to Elle.com about her daughter's budding independence and style preferences while sharing her approach to being a businesswoman, mother, wife and dressing her post-baby body. Kim said that North always requests a pair of shoes to wear first thing in the morning. The reality TV star said she likes it when kid's wear'mini-me styles' and she loves seeing kids in black.
Christian Longo murdered his wife and three children in Oregon in 2001. He then went on an alcohol-fuelled Mexican holiday, where he posed as a shamed New York Times reporter Mike Finkel. After snorkeling, swigging beer, hitting nightclubs and romancing a German woman he had met, he was spotted. The FBI transferred him stateside and charged him with murder. Was found guilty after a month-long trial and sentenced to death. Now a film about his life, True Story, starring James Franco and Jonah Hill, has been released, and the brutal
The First Family arrived at the Alfred Street Baptist Church in Alexandria, Virginia, on Sunday morning. Rev Howard-John Wesley opened the service by welcoming the president, before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him. It acted as the warm up for the annual Easter Roll, during which Barack and Michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to Uptown Funk. On Monday, children will flock from every state to decorate eggs on the South Lawn.
Janet Faal, 57, has suffered from agoraphobia for a decade and is housebound. She was out with a friend in Crawley, West Sussex, when she fell down a manhole. Grandmother-of-four was trying to move a wooden pallet when she slipped down gap. Miss Faal smashed her face on the pallet and was left in a'splits' position. Spent nearly an hour waiting in agony on the forecourt of a tyre shop. Ambulance took her to hospital where she was treated for two black eyes and bruising.
Actress Paula Duncan attempted to take her own life at the age of 43. Her teenage daughter Jessica Orcsik was the one who found her after she collapsed in a park. Duncan, 62, is best known as the bubbly face of Ajax's Spray'n'Wipe adverts. She has revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression. The Cop Shop star credits her passion for charity work as her salvation and for finding self worth.
Utah photographer Alan Lawrence created a photo series called 'Wil Can Fly' in which his 18-month-old son, Wil, appears to be flying. Lawrence began taking the photos when Wil was just months old, creating the illusion by holding his son up in the photos and later cropping himself out. After receiving positive feedback, Lawrence decided to compile the photos in a calendar and plans to donate half the proceeds to two Down Syndrome foundations.
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said. The 23-year-old Columbus man aloes said that after completing his training, a cleric with the group Jabhat al-Nusrah instructed him to back to the US. Mohamud was indicted on one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists. He also faces charges of money laundering and providing support for terrorism.
The New Shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys. Will launch from Blue Origin's west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso. Firm expects to begin flight tests this year. Called Blue Origin, the firm is owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos.
Kenne Worthen, 27, allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at Longview Elementary School in Phoenix last August and the relationship turned sexual in January. He allegedly kept in contact with the girl by messaging her on an iPod app, Google Hangouts, where she labeled his profile with a fake name, 'Jesse Smith' In one message, he expressed fears she would tell his wife about the relationship. On April 10, they had sexual contact at the school, the girl told police. Worthen was arrested on Friday and is facing charges of luring a minor for
Australian's spent $20 billion on digital devices and services in the last year. Men spent twice as much as women on computers, digital accessories, mobile apps, and streaming services. Families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more than singles, couples without children and empty nesters. Mobile phone bills were the biggest expense, and also the biggest disparity for families.
Several thousand people gathered outside the city's main railway station Flinders Street at 4pm on Friday. The rally forced the closure of Flinders and Elizabeth streets, where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop. This comes as the Queensland Police Service refuses to issue an apology to an Indigenous officer after claims the word 'Abor' was written on his station roster.
Children who watch films featuring alcohol consumption are more likely to binge drink. Scientists quizzed more than 5,000 British teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched. Those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely  to have tried alcohol. Between 1989 and 2008 almost three quarters of popular UK box office films depicted alcohol use - but only six per cent were classified as adult only.
Vijay Chokal-Ingam claims he changed his appearance to get into St. Louis University School of Medicine in 1998. He shaved his head, trimmed his 'long Indian eyelashes' and joined the Organization of Black Students. Claims he was'so startling that my own fraternity brothers didn't recognize me' When he was finally accepted to the school, he used the acceptance to claim he was only granted admission because he was black and used the situation as an example of what was 'wrong' with affirmative action.
Barack Obama defended a framework nuclear agreement with Iran as a 'once-in-a-lifetime opportunity' to prevent a bomb and bring stability to the Middle East. He insisted the U.S. would stand by Israel if it were to come under attack, but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with Tehran has caused strain with the close ally. 'It's been a hard period,' Obama said in a weekend interview with New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman. The president said there are many details that still need to be worked out with the Iranians and cautioned that there would be'real political difficulties
Lindsay Jo Rimer was 13 when she went missing from Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire. Her body was found in Rochdale canal five months later, weighed down with a 20lb rock. Kate Rimer has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch a new bid to find her killer. She said: 'We miss her so much but every memory of her is tainted - it is so painful' Police admit they are still searching for the 'golden nugget' to bring justice to family.
A pet owner pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his three cats. RSPCA South Australia seized the owner's cats in September and requested to have them all surrendered in their care. The owner, who's identity has not been revealed, was granted to have two of his cats returned under the RSPCA's supervision. Animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat.
Photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark off Heron Island in Queensland, Australia. It is thought that the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal, but the fish naturally keep their distance, creating circles of clear water around the predator. Software engineer Scott Carr was looking for a picturesque spot to have photos taken before his wedding when he came across the fish trying to avoid the shark. Dr Ken Collins, Senior Research Fellow and Diving Officer at the University of Southampton, told MailOnline: 'This is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish'
Samantha Fleming and her newborn daughter Serenity were last seen in Anderson on April 5, when they left with a woman who said she was from Indiana's Department of Child Services. The three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in Gary on Friday and will be returned to relatives. In the same home, police found a body doused with bleach, wrapped in plastic and stuffed in a plastic storage bin. Fleming was reported missing by her boyfriend.
Jason Warnock, 29, has been identified as the man who pulled Matthew Sitko, 23, from his car as it dangled over a cliff in Lewiston, Idaho on Wednesday morning. He had been working at the time of the crash and had to get back to his job. A photo of the moment he pulled the panicked man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him. But after saving the man, Warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene. Sitko only suffered minor injuries and is recovering.
George was last seen running off in direction of a caravan park near his home in North Wales. He was found on doorstep in West Yorkshire five weeks later and reunited with owners. Julia Hill found the tabby outside her home in Calderdale last week. She posted a picture of him on a lost and found cats Facebook group and started appeal. But the mammoth cross-country journey took its toll on the 18-year-old cat and he had cat flu.
Ed Miliband was out campaigning in Bristol this morning - his first public appearance since Saturday. Labour leader decided to take the weekend off to spend time with his family. At the same time, David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Nicola Sturgeon were prominent on the campaign trail. Both recorded televised Easter messages, while the Labour leader only posted a statement to Facebook.
Nick Loeb, 39, says he's always 'dreamed' of being a father. Sofia Vergara, 42, says she doesn't want to destroy the embryos. The couple created the embryos through in vitro fertilization in November 2013. Loeb is a scion of the Loeb and Lehman families.
Pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone. They found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation. This could be because aliens are harnessing the power of  stars. However, further research is needed to confirm that is the case. None have been confirmed yet - but the signs so far could be considered promising.
Clare Balding has admitted she was on TV too much following her success presenting the London Olympics. She has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the BBC's rugby league coverage to Crufts. The 44-year-old said that it was 'exhausting' to be constantly asked about being gay.
System uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the Earth by'spinning' building material into shape. Could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit. Robots can then piece together the materials while in orbit, finishing off spacecraft.
The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised as Pharaohs Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion, bought by Canadian millionaire Gordon Lownds, its first noise complaint. Lownds said he and some of his partners had planned to film a reality show at the mansion about the day-to-day lives of strippers. But he has since shut down the modeling school and stopped all commercial activity.
Chelsea Clinton is opening up about motherhood, life in the public eye and why the United States needs a female president in a new interview with Elle. 'One of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity, but when equal hasn't yet included gender, there is a fundamental challenge there that, I believe, having our first woman presidentwhenever that iswill help resolve,' said Clinton. Clinton's mother Hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this Sunday.
Abase Hussen took his daughter Amira to an extremist rally when she was just 13. He has admitted that the teenager was'maybe' influenced by the rally in London in 2012. Mr Hussen was caught on camera at a protest against the treatment of Ethiopians in Saudi Arabia. Also at the rally were hate cleric Anjem Choudary and Lee Rigby killer Michael Adebowale. Amira Abase fled to Syria with two friends to become a 'jihadi bride' in February this year.
Choc on Choc's Limited Edition Political Chocolates come in three flavours. David Camerons bar is studded with blueberry pieces, Ed. Miliband's comes in a red raspberry flavour and Nick Clegg's is filled with chunks of honeycomb. £3.99 bars will be available for a limited time only.
The final day of Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off in Sydney on Thursday. The Australiana-themed Romance Was Born presentation dazzled attendees with a stand-out collection. Design duo Luke Sales and Anna Plunkett presented their new collection 'Cooee Couture' The Art Gallery of New South Wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by Alice Babidge.
Alfie the Yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home in Wednesbury, West Midlands. He was found in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, by RSPCA inspector Stephanie Law. The seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector's van and started barking. RSPCA staff were able to trace his owner, Kirsty Mitton, 23, who travelled 112 miles to collect him. Miss Mittons second terrier Lillie, who was also stolen, is still missing.
Kevin Jonas Rojano-Nieto, 20, was found guilty of raping a 3-year-old girl at his family home in June. Judge M. Marc Kelly said anything longer would be 'cruel and unusual punishment' Prosecutor have said they will appeal the decision and will be pushing for the minimum sentence of 25-years to life to be reinstated.
Myer have teamed up with Mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls. The first 100 customers at each of the Melbourne, Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide City stores on Saturday April 11 at 9am can snap up the collectors' items for the special heritage price of $3.00. For those who miss out on the promotion, the dolls will be on sale for $34.95 thereafter. Newly produced but modelled on the Original Barbie Doll that was first released at the New York Toy Fair in 1959.
King Felipe, Queen Letizia and their daughters Princess Sofia and Princess Leonor arrived at Palma cathedral on the Balearic isle. It is the first time the young princesses have been seen in public for several months. They are on the island for the family's annual Easter holiday at the Marivent Palace royal holiday residence.
Ukip leader made the remarks after being asked about lack of diversity in manifesto. Asked to justify the scarcity of black and Asian faces in Ukip's 76-page document. It was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid. Mr Farage said the premise was wrong, with picture of immigration spokesman ignored. He said: 'Well firstly there was one fully black person. There was another one who is half black'
Priscilla Presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in Las Vegas. The 69-year-old collaborated with NBC's Today show to launch a contest for one Elvis-obsessed couple to win the 'ultimate wedding' The winning duo - announced next Monday - will tie the knot at Elvis Presley's Graceland Wedding Chapel inside the Westgate Hotel on Thursday, April 23. Westgate, formerly the Las Vegas Hilton, is where Elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows.
Employment rose above 31million in the three months to February, official figures show. David Cameron said the Conservatives had overseen a jobs miracle and Britain had created more jobs in the last five years than the rest of the EU put together. IMF chief Christine Lagarde and German finance minister praised Mr Osborne's 'wonderful job' of handling the economy.
Kim Kardashian is in Yerevan with husband Kanye West, daughter North and sister Khloe. They are in the capital of the country of her late father's birth, where Kanye was born. The Kardashian-West family are staying at the Armenia Marriott Hotel in the heart of the city. Armenia is famous for its mountainous landscapes and rich history and culture.
Margaret and Gary Mazan had 14 Red Setters seized by RSPCA inspectors. The animals were found in filthy cages in a garden shed in Bradford, West Yorkshire. They had matted fur, were dehydrated and had not been provided with a diet. Mrs Mazan, 53, was said to have shown and bred setters for more than 10 years. Husband Gary, 51, claimed it was Mrs Mazan who had sole responsibility for the dogs. Pair jailed for 26 weeks and given lifetime ban from owning or keeping pets.
Brussels will accuse Google of diverting internet users from rivals to its services. Google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in Europe's search engine market. Ruling is result of a five-year investigation into the American search giant. Margrethe Vestager, the EU's competition commissioner, will today serve the company with a formal charge sheet.
Senator Bob Corker, a Republican from Tennessee, said on Sunday that congressional oversight 'doesn't mean there won't be a deal' He said Congress has a responsibility to scour details of a final plan and ask the Obama administration hard questions about it, before finally voting on it. Negotiators announced a framework deal on Thursday; deal is scheduled to be finalized by June 30. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has criticized the framework as deeply flawed and a threat to Israel's very existence. But US Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz cited 'unprecedented access and transparency' into Iran's nuclear activities.
Tracey Cox says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest. She says that it takes more than just simple eye contact to get someone's attention. Here she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get their attention.
New training will commence at Los Angeles International Airport, one of the airports named in the complaint filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. Complaint was filed on behalf of Malaika Singleton, who said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from Los Angeles to London in December 2013. TSA said the re-training will stress 'race neutrality' and that a special emphasis will be placed on the 'hair patdowns of African-American female travelers' In 2012 Solange Knowles claimed in 2012 she was racially profiled while going through security at Miami
Jordan Sharifi, 17, was taken into custody on Friday by police in McKinney, Texas, who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to Raymond Howell, 14. On Thursday, Raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Sharifi discovered Raymond's body in a rain culvert after the boy's mother called to ask him if he'd seen her son. When he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch, he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name, he told police. But when Raymond failed to respond, Sharifi turned him over
Gang of armed robbers stole £145,000 from 13 shops in two-month crime spree. Brolly-clad thieves used pink umbrellas to hide their faces as they raided shops in West Midlands. They stole £2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars worth £30,000 in the process. The gang also threatened shop workers with hammers, knives and screwdrivers. Four men have now been jailed for more than 27 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to rob.
Rebecca Hannibal, 19, has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend Georgina Bartter with 'purple speaker' ecstasy pills. Ms Hannibal had pleaded not guilty at a previous hearing but changed her plea to guilty on Wednesday. She will appear in court on June 10 for sentencing. Police allege Ms Hannibal, of Cammeray, bought the pills from Matthew Forti. He has been charged with supplying a prohibited drug and possessing MDMA.
Natasha Elderfield, 41, accused of murdering Robert Dobinson, 33, in Abingdon, Oxfordshire. Court heard how she flew into a rage when boyfriend interrupted her attempts to have sex with another man. Told police officers who arrested her, my God, its so ******g funny, after stabbing Mr Dobinson and leaving him to die on the banks of the Thames, jury was told.
Nelson Felippe took a photo of a'scene' on a train platform in Rio de Janeiro. He posted it on Facebook, and it was shared more than 100,000 times in 24 hours. Viewer believes he is conducting a homophobic rant, as he mentions: 'They are challenging social conventions, and this can be dangerous' Felippe warns others not to follow the delinquent man's footsteps.
Islam will become America's second-largest religion by 2050 according to report. Number of Christians in the US will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to two-thirds by 2070. The percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame. Islam will be the fastest growing religion in the world over the next four decades. But Christians will remain the largest group in 2050 with 2.9billion Muslims and 2.8billion Christians.
Los Angeles judge Richard Fruin Jr. awarded Shelly Sterling most of the nearly $3million she had sought. Lawyers for Sterling had claimed that money used to buy V. Stiviano a house, luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage. Stiviano's lawyer had argued that the gifts were made when Donald and Shelly were separated and that Shelly couldn't seek them from a third party. During the course of their 2 1/2 years together, Sterling gave her a Ferrari, a Bentley and a Range Rover, and paid
Vaccine is designed to teach the immune system to recognise compounds found in prostate cancer cells. It is being given to men who have already been treated for the cancer. The vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called TARP that's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers. If successful, it could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future.
Awel Manyang, five, believes her three siblings who died in the crash were eaten by crocodiles. She is in a serious condition at the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne. Her brother Bol, four-year-old twins Madit and Anger and her sister Awel, one, were killed when their 4WD plunged into a lake at Wyndham Vale on Wednesday. Their mother Akon Guode was released from police custody on Thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash. The children's father Joseph Tito Manyang says he doesn't believe she caused the crash deliberately
British physicist Stephen Hawking has sung Monty Python's Galaxy Song. The song is being released digitally and on vinyl for Record Store Day 2015. It is a cover of the song from 1983 film The Meaning of Life, when Eric Idle originally took viewers on a journey through the cosmos. In the video, Professor Hawking runs over Professor Brian Cox before taking to the sky and making his trip through the universe. Footage is interspersed with clips of the Python group's recent live shows.
Jenny Wallenda, 87, the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers, died late Saturday at her home in Sarasota, Florida, according to family members. Wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker Karl Wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer Nik Wallenda. 'She had a great life in entertainment, a very rewarding and rich life,' said Wallenda's nephew Rick Wallenda of his aunt.
Lee Garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with Hollywood star Rock Hudson. Garlington says he would sneak over to the Hudson's house after work, and leave first thing in the morning. The two would then bring a date to social events so people did not know they were in fact dating. This lasted for three years, from 1962 until 1965, and while their sneaking around seemed to work for awhile, Hudson became concerned after learning that a female fan had broken into his home as he had photos of Garlington, a stockbroker, in his bedside table.
Marie Hunt of Spring Green, Wisconsin, was born in 1911 and would have graduated from River Valley High School in 1928. She dropped out of school after completing eighth grade because she couldn't get to school six miles away. Her hospice nurse contacted the local high school after she expressed that she regretted not graduating. Ms. Hunt was presented with an honorary diploma by the school, 87 years after her classmates graduated.
Matthew Bird, from Ashburton, New Zealand, halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic. Inland Revenue recently amended their child support formula which was enforced on April 1. Mr Bird has fathered three children and was previously expected to pay $1,300 a month in child support. He said once the changes were implemented his payment rose by $600.
Senior Constable Neale McShane has spent ten years working in Birdsville in far south-west Queensland. The 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in Australia. Temperatures in the region can reach over 50 degrees, giving rise to a number of desert rescues that he must execute every year. McShane said the isolation of the job was a far cry from his previous police work, and that he was grateful his wife moved up with him.
Moore and Willis purchased the south tower penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic San Remo apartment building in 1990. The 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both Central Park and the Hudson River. If the penthouse sells for $75million, it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the Upper West Side. Over the years, Moore has counted Dustin Hoffman, Diane Keaton, Steven Spielberg as neighbors.
Posters were stuck on lampposts and bus stops across Grangetown, Cardiff. They read: 'Democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of Allah' Cardiff Council have begun removing the posters dubbed 'chilling' and 'threatening' by locals.
Deaths in Britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over next two decades. Cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths as unprecedented numbers of post-World War Two babies come to the end of their lives may be too much for many families, report says. Report prepared by think tank International Longevity Centre-UK and backed by insurance firm OneFamily. More than one in five families do not have money left by deceased to help with cost of funeral.
Lake Teller in Boulder, Colorado, has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish. Wildlife officials say they started as pets being dumped in the lake two or three years ago. They are threatening to over-run the natural fish species in the 12-acre lake. Crews are considering electrofishing or draining the lake to remove the fish. In November 2012, over 2,000 koi goldfish were removed from nearby Thunderbird Lake by 'electrofishing', where the fish are shocked with an electric current and removed while paralyzed.
Nicole Mihai was told by New Zealand Immigration that she must return to Romania. The 34-year-old separated from her New Zealand born partner after a two-year relationship. She was awarded full custody of their son, Chris, with her ex partner having little contact with Chris. A ruling from the Family Court has ruled that Chris must remain within 50 kilometres of his Kiwi father. Ms Mihai moved to New Zealand seven years ago and worked as a waitress on minimum wage.
Items on sale at Poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than in supermarkets. Budget retailer last week announced that sales exceed £1billion for the first time last year. Poundland's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from Britain's four big supermarkets, Asda, Tesco, Sainsburys and Morrisons.
The 41-year-old man is accused of posting a 'blasphemous' status on his Facebook page. He is said to have posted the status after watching a news item about the Iraq war. The Indian salesman faces seven years in prison and a fine of up to £186,000. Islam is the official religion of the United Arab Emirates, and blasphemy is considered deeply offensive.
Watch available for pre-order online and to try out. in stores by appointment, but not to take home. Tim Cook,. interviewed on cable television channel CNBC, said initial. orders were 'great' Watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops.
Ards Borough Council in Northern Ireland put on the dinner to'maintain morale' Staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor. Council chiefs paid £5,225 for caterers for the dinner in December last year at the Queens Hall in Newtonards, County Down, with hire of venue costing £265.80. A further £950 was spent on a photo booth, disco and security for 190 staff at the Christmas do, with nearly £500 spent on festive decorations.
Feidin Santana, 23, met with the Scott family in Charleston, South Carolina on Thursday to meet with their son's parents, son and other relatives. He has been hailed a hero for keeping his cellphone camera trained on Officer Michael Slager as he fired eight shots at Walter Scott, 50, in North Charleston on Saturday and later releasing the video. 'Oh, thank you God!' Judy Scott, the mother of Walter Scott said, as she embraced Santana tightly. Santana, a barber who is originally from the Dominican Republic, said he shared the footage because he wanted the family to
Her Majesty's account @BritishMonarchy has amassed 970,000 followers. Prince of Wales and his @ClarenceHouse account are second and third. Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are fourth and the Dutch royals fifth. David Cameron is the most followed British politician with 3.1m followers.
Her Majesty The Queen attended a reception at Canada House in Trafalgar Square, London today. She was joined by Prince Philip and Princess Alexandra at the event to mark the bravery of Canada's servicemen and women in the First World War. The Queen wore a special diamond-encrusted white gold sweetheart brooch fashioned in the shape of the cap badge of The Calgary Highlanders. Several descendants of those of who fought in battle and current service personnel also attended the reception. Event was held in honour of the three Canadian regiments which the royal members individually lead as Colonels-in-
Model, 29, joins forces with Lily Donaldson, Foxes and Alice Dellal in campaign. Fashion Targets Breast Cancer has so far raised £13.5m for Breakthrough Breast Cancer's research. Clancy says she is 'honoured' to be a part of the campaign.
The funeral for Stephanie Scott will be held next Wednesday in her home town of Canowindra. The parish priest officiating at the ceremony is bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion. Reverend Jonno Williams knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone. Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday and her burned body was found last Friday in Cocoparra National Park. She was due to be married to her fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley last Saturday.
Star Wars director wants to build a 224-home community on his 1,039-acre estate. His neighbors in Lucas Valley, Bay Area, refused to let him build a film studio in 2012. But now he has unveiled plans for the largest affordable housing development in the area. It would provide homes for low-income families and cost $200m.
Tamoxifen is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause. It blocks the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells. Combined with two cups of coffee, it can be even more effective, say Swedish researchers. Caffeine causes breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and divide more often. But researchers stress the importance of prescribed medicine in treating cancer.
Kendra Moad of Kearns, Utah was run over and killed by her grandfather Friday morning after following him out of the house and into the driveway. The 20-month-old suffered severe head trauma and was unconscious when medical workers arrived, and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital. This is the fourth time since August that a child has been run over in their own driveway by a family member in Utah.
Shaun Worthington, 29, died instantly after his car veered into oncoming traffic. His Audi A4 collided with a truck on the A614 near Bridlington, East Yorkshire. Car was filmed on a truck's dashcam veering into the path of traffic at 1.04pm, inquest heard. He had been driving home from speed awareness course on November 19 last year. Mother Jane Allen said: 'No mother should have to go through what I have and the devastation of losing a son'
Martha had been playing on the beach in Leasowe when she was swept out to sea. Her owner launched their own rescue attempt but were unable to save their pet. New Brighton RNLI crew were called and managed to pluck Martha from the water. They then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after grabbing her by the collar.
The launch window opens for 20 days starting on July 31, 2018. Over 24 orbits, the mission will use seven flybys of Venus to reduce its distance from the sun. The closest three will be just 3.8 million miles from the surface of the star. During closest passes around the sun, temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
Kuku Kube is available for free on Facebook, Android, iOS and on desktop browsers. It puts your colour vision and eyesight to the test by showing boards of coloured squares. On each board, one of the squares is a slightly different shade of the same colour. Aim is to find this odd square by tapping it with your finger or clicking it with the mouse. Players get a point for every correct square identified, but if they click or tap the wrong square they lose a point. Scores lower than 11 are poor, scores between 15 and 20 is 'lower than average', 21 to
Listeners say the vital last minutes of numerous shows have been left off on iPlayer. They branded the problem irritating, annoying and frustrating Shows such as Dads Army and Hancock's Half Hour have all fallen foul of the problem. BBC blames the problem on the system it uses to record programmes. It says live sections of radio stations cause start and end times of programmes to shift.
About 400 such halls still stand  many unused and decaying. Only two traditional Texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis: Luckenbach hall in Fredericksburg and Gruene Hall in New Braunfels. 'You can still go out on a Saturday night and experience an authentic dance hall like you could 100 years ago,' said Patrick Sparks, board president of Texas Dance Hall Preservation.
Ronald Miscavige, 79, had recently left the Church of Scientology, which has been under the leadership of his 54-year-old son, David, since 1986. Private investigator Dwayne Powell reportedly told police in 2013 that he was hired by the church to spy on his elderly father on a full-time basis. Powell was stopped in a Milwaukee suburb in July 2013 carrying two rifles, four handguns, a makeshift silencer, a knife and a cache of ammunition. According to arrest documents, the private eyes rented Ford Edge also contained binoculars, a GPS device and
Belinda, 56, from Essex, had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls. Says she was looking 'worn out' ahead of the procedure in Turkey. But the 'horrendous' scars left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before. Plastic surgeon consultant Vik Vijh says scars are'very poor' 'They're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes,' he says.
Elderflower Fields Festival will be held in Pippingford Park in the Ashdown Forest. Festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend. Diverse range of artists already confirmed for the festival include Danny and the Champions Of The World, Patch and The Giant, The Kings Parade and Mr B The Gentleman Rhymer.
Popular apps include MyFitnessPal and Apples health app, which is automatically installed on the latest Apple smartphones. Dr Des Spence warns apps that monitor your heart rate, blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit. Glasgow GP says manufacturers are more concerned about making a profit than wellbeing.
Khawayree Gay, 31, was captured on Friday at the Security Inn and Suites hotel in Lake City, South Carolina. Gay, who is originally from Feltonville, Pennsylvania, is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a Jewelers Row employee on April 4 in Philadelphia. The 53-year-old female employee was told she was going to die by men in ski masks unless she handed over the code for the safe. She was treated at a local hospital for broken ribs and a concussion.
Sarah Reign, 26, from New York, is paid around $1,500 (£1,000) a month to be a 'feedee' The security guard gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate male viewers. She says fans love to watch her eating and she's gained six stone in three years. Her new career has also led her to the world of'squashing', where men pay her to sit on them.
Claudia Winkleman, 43, is the first presenter of Strictly to be nominated for awards. Mother-of-three will compete with Ant and Dec, Graham Norton and Leigh Francis. Both Sir Bruce Forsyth and co-host Tess Daly failed to achieve a nomination. Broadchurch star Olivia Colman, 41, is nominated in female performance in a comedy category.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, 'threw a party for her 16-year-old daughter at her home in Evans, Georgia' She 'played naked Twister with her friends before having sex with an 18-year old male in the bathroom and then brought out sex toys and used them on herself in front of the teenagers' The mother-of-five 'also showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex' Her sponsor contacted authorities and she was arrested on Saturday. She has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Emergency custody hearing was held
The story was written by Queen Victoria when she was just 10 years old. Tells the story of a 12-year-old girl, Alice Laselles, who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried. Alice befriends a host of characters, including a 'poor little French orphan' who has been half-blinded by small pox. She is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumphs as 'one of the best learners in the school' The tale will be published in June as 'The Adventures
Belinda Bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a Bondi butcher on Monday night. She was buying a chicken for her and her Roosters star boyfriend Aidan Guerra to have for dinner. The young woman claims the man working at Sam the Butcher in Bondi called her a 'f***ing c***' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up. But the butcher said she was the one being rude on a day when he had been having issues with his eftpos machine. 'I was very slow and she started having a go at me
Dave Sim has put in months of training aboard his bright yellow Mark Three Chopper. The 36-year-old is hoping to ride all 2077 miles of the 2015 Tour de France route this summer. He hopes his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves. Mr Sim said his Chopper is as close to standard as possible, but required a better seat.
Britt Lapthorne, from Melbourne, was last seen at the Latin Club Fuego in Dubrovnik. She was partying with about 10 other backpackers when she disappeared on September 18, 2008. Her body was found in nearby Boninovo Bay, where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared. Croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student's body came to be there. It has now emerged a Victorian inquest into her death will be closed.
Once heard constantly on the streets, in songs, on the stage and in the workplace. Rise of mobile phone and music on the ipod means young people are less likely to whistle. Whistling used to be popular in many pop songs, such as Paul Simon's Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard and John Lennon's Jealous Guy, later covered by Bryan Ferry's Roxy Music.
Blunder at the pensions office in Essen, in the North Rhine-Westphalia area of Germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for £3,351,978,728,190,661. The bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of Germany's annual gross domestic product. It is also enough to pay the UK government debt nearly 2,000 times over.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on April 16. The Hall of Famer, 68, had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease. Surgery was performed by the hospital's cardiac surgery chief, Dr Richard Shemin. He won an NBA championship with the Milwaukee Bucks and five with the Los Angeles Lakers.
64 per cent of Americans think they spend more money when shopping with friends. Main reasons are'showing off in front of friends' and'succumbing to peer pressure' Nearly two-thirds of Americans would prefer to shop by themselves than with pals. But personal budgeting software company YouNeedaBudget.com says there's no need to panic.
It took the El Dorado Superior Court jury in less than two hours to convict Colleen Harris of murdering Robert Edward 'Bob' Harris in their Placerville, California home in 2013. In 1985, she shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children, 46-year-old James Batten, after claiming he had been abusive towards her. Both killings were carried out in the same home with the same type of gun, and in both cases, after pulling the trigger, she claimed she had temporary amnesia and could not remember doing it. Colleen Harris will be sentenced on
Map uses data from the California Roadkill Observation System, a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years. Clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk, mountain lion, black bear, gopher snake, desert iguana - and where and when they were hit. Major hotspots include the Sacramento area where I-80 and I-5 run across bypasses along the Pacific Flyway. In the region, marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill. Large animals are more likely to be hit on
Neil Tuckett, 58, from Buckinghamshire, is selling one Model T a week. His customers love them because they don't need road tax or MOT and are cheaper to maintain. Some of his pre-1915 models have gas headlights still lit by a match. He has customers who use them as wedding cars and even as a hearse.
Dr Ros Altmann will today be announced as a new Conservative peer. She will be appointed as Minister for Consumer Protection if the party wins the election. Dr Altmann is a former Treasury adviser who went on to head over-50s group Saga. Would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges.
Catherine Grove, 28, vanished in July 2013, abandoning her car and belongings in Fayetteville, Arkansas, only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the Church of Wells in Wells, Texas. Her parents, Andy and Patty Grove, believe she was brainwashed by the so-called cult. She returned on her own earlier this month, saying she was'seeking the Lord' and was not being held against her will, despite protestations from her parents. But she returned to the church six days later, telling police she had a fight with a member. Within hours of returning
Baroness Brady helped David Cameron with his jacket as he stood to speak. Apprentice judge was in Newark, Notts, to announce 16,000 new apprenticeships. Costa Coffee and Morrisons have signed agreements to train thousands of apprentices. Cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years.
Conchita Wurst, 26, has been transformed into Gustav Klimt's Golden Adele for the Life Ball 2015 poster shot by Ellen von Unwerth. Poster promotes the dazzling Life Ball event, where Conchita will perform and walk in fashion show. The Life Ball is the biggest charity event in Europe supporting people with HIV/AIDS and is being dubbed Europe's answer to the MET Ball.
Yervand Garginian, a 60-year-old bus driver from South Croydon in Melbourne, filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue using a traditional 'khorovats' recipe. His daughter Elizabeth Garginian posted the video to Reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times. In the video Mr Garginian dismisses the Australian-style barbecue of cooking 'oily' sausages. The video was filmed at her cousin's house to celebrate a new veranda he had just helped build.
Tracey Taylor, 34, caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars. Earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend, punching him on the ear and pulling her hair. Two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door, pushing her way past her love rival's 19-year-old student daughter. She admitted burglary, criminal damage and two counts of common assault.
Admiral Mike Mullen, former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, allegedly told three comrades of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl that the soldier was a deserter. The claims mean Mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before National Security Adviser Susan Rice told the world that he served honorably. Mullen, who served President Obama and then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates six years ago, was certain his soldier was guilty of desertion, according to the men. Bergdahl is charged with desertion and misbehavior before
The shooting of father-of-four Walter Scott by a white cop has provoked a torrent of anger and grief from celebrities on social media. Mr Scott, 50, was gunned down by Officer Michael Slager on Saturday morning in Charleston, South Carolina, when he ran from the cop. Pop star and member of Destiny's Child, Michelle Williams, wrote: 'Once again... #WalterScott' and added a broken heart. Rapper Big Boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words: '#WalterScots' Musician Questlove shared his anger with followers through his
Sophomore Tiffany Gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush, junior Luis Velasquez, holding a bouquet of flowers. Gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called Prader-Willi Syndrome (PWS) that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite. Video of the proposal has over 3.5 million views since being posted on Tuesday.
Cheryl Prudham, 33, and husband Robert, 30, planning to renew wedding vows in Las Vegas. The couple will stay at Circus Circus hotel and renew vows at Chapel of Love. They have also booked to see some shows and go on a helicopter tour across Nevada. Last year, the couple took a £7,000 taxpayer-funded trip to Menorca, Spain. Family get £39,192 in benefits a year on top of £1,600 monthly salary as delivery driver.
Mark Ward Faville, of Christiansburg, Virginia, was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife Anne, who died in 2000. After the verdict was read, Faville was taken away, and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse. Faville was later found dead of a self-inflicted wound, though it is not known what kind of weapon he may have used to kill himself. Police are investigating the incident.
Mass brawl broke out at Fat Tuesdays bar at Resorts World Casino in Queens, New York. Two women were allegedly involved in an argument during the long line for drinks. Guests grabbed chairs and poles to bring to the fray as the fight escalated. Three men were arrested after the brawl, which injured four security guards and a police officer.
Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on Monday for the murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. On Monday, she reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence. The image shows a stone-faced Arias dressed in an orange prison uniform. It's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk. In her first mugshot, taken in 2008, Arias smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published.
China plans to expand Qinghai-Tibet railway 'at Nepal's request' by 2020. Could include a tunnel under the world's tallest mountain - known as Everest by its Tibetan name. Step is important politically as it shows Beijing building links with Nepal, a country India regards as firmly within its sphere of influence.
Acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever Tylenol. It has been in use for more than 70 years, but this is the first time that this side effect has been discovered. Previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain, but also on psychological pain. This study shows that it also reduces how much users actually feel positive emotions.
Donna Lou Rayhons, 78, was moved into a nursing home by her daughters from a previous marriage last year. She was suffering from dementia and Alzheimers and had been told by staff that she was no longer capable of legally consenting to have sex. Her husband, Henry Rayhon, is a long-serving Republican state lawmaker. On Wednesday, he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife, who died last August. He is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison.
Dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the NSW coast. One house was filmed as it was carried along a street in Dungog, in the Hunter Valley, north of Sydney. Local resident Jade Marie identified the house as her aunt's. Another recording of a house filmed far away from its usual address was taken by Tianna Brien, who spotted a houseboat being. swept away in Toronto, near Lake Macquarie, west of Newcastle. Three people have already died during the storms that continue to lash the
Inquiry began in 2009 and stopped taking evidence in 2011. It was expected to be published after the general election. But it has now been suggested it will not be published until at least 2016. Tony Blair is expected to come under scrutiny for sanctioning the war.
Boy, 9, was whipped with skipping ropes and beaten with metal rods and water pipes. Adoptive mother Li, 50, adopted him when he was six after being given up by her cousin. She told his school she was'strict' with him and was trying to correct his bad habits. Photographs of the boy's horrific injuries were shared online as his adoptive mother was arrested.
Wedding Online allows couples to marry via a process that resembles a mass group Skype. Guests from all over the world can view the proceedings, as long as they have a webcam handy. Couples need Facebook accounts and working webcams to access the service. They can choose from a range of ceremonies depending on their style, including high society and fairy tale.
Couple took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to Spain. They were originally fined £120 for unauthorised absence from Sweyne Park School in Essex. Family appealed unsuccessfully against the fine and, after they did not pay, court bailiffs visited demanding £1,230. Boy's grandmother paid up to stop bailiffs taking property to cover the amount owed.
Mimi and Joe Lemay's son Jacob was born Mia, the second of three sisters. As a toddler, Jacob would insist on changing his clothes up to 12 times a day. The Massachusetts couple allowed him to cut his hair, wear boy clothes, and assume aspects of his male identity at home. On his fifth birthday, Jacob told his parents: 'I want to be a boy, always'
Laurene Jobs, the 51-year-old widow of Apple founder Steve Jobs, said that Hillary Clinton has 'judgment and wisdom' based on her public service. She added that it's not just because she's a woman - but 'the type of woman she is' Mrs Clinton was blasted for her'staged' visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa. Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated 'from beginning to end' Bird is a Democratic Party insider who chauffe
Lloyd Dennis taught at a number of primary schools across Hampshire. The 32-year-old is accused of 28 offences including rape and sexual activity with a child. Among the schools where he has taught is Cadland Primary School in the New Forest. More recently he has been a lecturer at Basingstoke College of Technology. Police are appealing to the public for any information that may help inquiries.
Michael Keith Spell, 25, of Parachute, Colorado, was sentenced following a hearing before state District Judge Richard Simonton in Sidney, Montana. He pleaded guilty in October to killing Sherry Arnold, 43, after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012. Arnold's body was found months later buried in a shallow grave in a rural area near Williston, North Dakota. Co-defendant Lester Van Waters Jr. was sentenced in December to 80 years in prison on a charge of deliberate homicide by accountability. Defense attorneys had asked that Spell
Henri Morris, 67, drugged a female employee during a business trip in order to take naked pictures of her. He was caught in an FBI sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims. She told them that her drink was spiked by the married businessman after they traveled together from Houston, Texas, to New Jersey for work. The woman said when she woke up she was naked and her boss was standing over her.
A 10 tonne 'fatberg' made up of congealed waste has been removed from a sewer in Chelsea. The enormous lump was 40 metres long and made of fat and wet wipes. Was so heavy that it caused the 1940s sewer in the west London street to break. So far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five Porsche 911s, which weigh 1.9 tonnes each. Thames Water have now been forced to repair the old brick sewer at a cost of £400,000.
Brian Nicol, 32, dived into a pool at a luxury holiday villa in the Costa del Sol. But he failed to resurface and friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him. Police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident at 8.30am on Easter Sunday. Officers said early evidence suggests his death was a tragic accident but are still investigating. The group had been on a night out in Marbella before returning to the villa.
Philadelphia-based artist and journalist Alison Nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits of famous artists with their pets. The book, Artists And Their Cats, features over 50 pairs of great artists and their furry felines. Famous artists such as Salvador Dali, Salvador Crespo, Henri Matisse and John Cage are all featured in the book.
Vincent Stanford, 24, is charged with the murder of high school teacher Stephanie Scott. He was born in Tasmania and lived in Holland with his family before returning to Australia as an adult. Stanford moved to Leeton, in the Riverina region of New South Wales, with his mother and elder brother just 13 months ago. His identical twin brother moved from Holland back to Australia in June 2013 and now lives in South Australia. Neighbours say the accused and his family mostly kept to themselves but were friendly and 'would come over for a cup of coffee'
Tories predicted to get 31.8% of the vote, with Labour just one tenth of a percentage point behind. UKIP and Lib Dems expected to get 12.7% and 'others' 10.3%, according to ICM survey. Tories pledged an extra £8billion to the NHS as part of their election campaign.
Ian Joll was missing presumed dead after crash-landing his plane on a Dutch beach in 1940. He had been involved in a strafing attack on German aircraft when his plane was hit by ground fire. Sq Ldr Joll and his gunner trekked miles along a beach and persuaded a ship to take him back to England. His incredible story came to light as his medals - including the Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) - were put up for auction and his background was revealed.
Lib Dem leader was given the chance to move into government mansion. But his wife Miriam Gonzalez Durantez vetoed the move in a joint interview with him. The couple were asked why they chose to remain in their £1.5million family home. Couple were seen drinking wine and cooking paella in the kitchen of their home.
Nurhayada Sofia was out shopping with her mother and sister in Pudu, Malaysia. The six-year-old was playing with the handrail at the top of the escalator with her sister. She then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes as stunned bystanders rush to the edge and peer over in shock. Her mother was on the phone to her husband at the time of the accident.
Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in London. He had been called to a job in the area where he was killed days before his death. Arwani was an opponent of Syrian President Bahsar Al-Assad and had links to the Muslim Brotherhood in the UK and abroad. Scotland Yard is looking into whether the man who killed him was a hired killer who postponed the hit because he was not alone.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, and Michelle Bird used friend Michael Spalding for slave labour. Simon killed 39-year-old and dismembered his body before stuffing it into two suitcases. He was found guilty of murder and jailed for a minimum of 19 years at Birmingham Crown Court. Bird was convicted of assisting an offender and sentenced to two and a half years.
Tutors are deciding whether to bring back exams designed to select exceptional applicants. University said recent changes to exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit. Under coalition reforms, AS exams will be optional for cohorts starting this September. Labour party has pledged to halt the changes and retain AS-levels.
Landlords Naveed and Rizwan Hussain jailed for 12 months each for health and safety offences. Three people were injured when the three-storey building in Sheffield caved in on them in 2013. Doctor's wife and student fell from living rooms and a workman was buried in the rubble. Judge said: 'It was only by the grace of God or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed. There was potential for a complete disaster'
Former Dragons' Den star says Ed Miliband's plan to scrap 'non-dom' status has won him over. Millionaire signed letter from 100 business leaders backing Tories' economic record. He tweeted: 'Ed Milliband says he will abolish non-dom status in UK. This gets my vote I never thought any party would have courage to do this' Miliband claims rule makes Britain an 'offshore tax haven for a few' and can 'no longer be justified' Tories warn the plan could cost Britain 'hundreds of millions of pounds' and stop short of scrapping
Stephanie Scott was due to marry her long-time partner Aaron Leeson-Woolley on Saturday. Her sister Kim Scott has released a poem she wrote for her sister and her intended brother-in-law on what would have been their wedding day. 'On this Your Special Day...My little sister/ Stephanie Clare Scott/ Is now a wedded wife/ Believe it or not,' the poem begins. The poem goes on to describe the wedding day that had long been anticipated but will no longer take place. Friends and family of Ms Scott flooded the post with comments of condolences and
A woman who may be a 'possible DUI driver' led the California Highway Patrol on a slow-speed chase, and even stopped at traffic lights, through Los Angeles for almost an hour, officers said. The CHP became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black SUV on a freeway in Orange County around 12:30pm Wednesday. Unlike typical police chases, the woman wasn't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph, CHP officer Juan Galvan said.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's aunt, Maret Tsarnaeva, and two other relatives claimed in an interview this week that he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the U.S. The bomber's uncle, Said-Hussein Tsarnaev, said that 'American special services' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack which left three dead and hundreds more wounded. Tsarnaev was found guilty by a Boston jury on April 8 of all 30 counts - 17 of them carrying the death penalty - in connection to the deadly April 2013 attacks. The family is at war over whether to keep the defense team, including
Prince William is due at the Cenotaph on the same day his wife is due to give birth. He plans to do everything he can to be at the official commemorations. William is currently training for his new job as an Air Ambulance pilot at three airbases.
Prairie dog deaths at Picture Canyon in Flagstaff, Arizona, alerted officials to outbreak. Parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant were found to be infected. Plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year and causes pustules on the skin. Last plague epidemic in the US was in Los Angeles between 1924 and 1925.
The teenager from Lahore, who has been identified only as Nuaman, had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with Kerosene. He was approached by the two Muslim youths as they left Friday prayers at their local mosque. They asked him what his religion was and when he said he was Christian they set him on fire. Nuaman is now recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body. Muslim hostilities appear to be on the upswing in Pakistan in the wake of the recent disturbances.
Candice Swanepoel, Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes star in new campaign. Shows off new Victoria's Secret Dream Angels lingerie range. Underwear comes in blush pink and classic, crisp whites. Each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella, which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras.
Kyle Knox, from London, was last seen alive at the foot of Ben Nevis on March 31. The 23-year-old was reported missing when he failed to return to his hotel in Fort William. It was believed he was attempting to scale the 4409-ft high peak alone. Today a body was recovered by a Royal Navy Helicopter near the Surgeon's Gully area. Body has been identified as Mr Knox and his family have been informed.
Ceara Lynch, 28, from Portland, Oregon, has been indulging in the subservient fantasies of men since she was 17. Custom videos cost $1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $39.99 for access to her site. She also sells personal items online, takes provocative phone calls, and performs live webcam shows.
Baby girl found face down in toilet bowl at Silcock's Amusement Arcade in Southport. She was named April by staff at Ormskirk hospital where she is being treated. Believed to have been 'born where she was found' hours before she was discovered. Mother has been traced to an address in the Merseyside area, police say. Police released CCTV image of woman they were looking to trace earlier today.
Qatar Airways scored a perfect 100 in research by travel site WanderBat. Emirates and China Eastern were closely followed by China Eastern and Singapore Airlines. British Airways ranked in eighth place as the only UK airline to make the list. SouthWest Airlines was the only airline from the US to make it into the top 22.
The Azamara Club Cruises' Quest vessel carries about 680 passengers. The smaller size of the vessels means a more intimate on-board experience. It also means the ships can access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels. Passengers can enjoy'standard spirits, international beers and wines at all ship bars' for no extra charge.
Duffel bag with human remains found on Loughery Way in Cambridge, Massachusetts. It was spotted outside a building used by biotechnology company Biogen Inc on Saturday. Suspect, who will not be identified until arraignment on Monday, has not been charged with homicide. Instead, they are 'under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains' Comes as more remains have been found in common area of nearby apartment complex. All of the remains are believed to belong to one person, who has also not been identified
Donald Graham, 62, killed heiress lover Janet Brown, 45, for her money. Ms Brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found. Graham stole £300,000 of her savings, her Land Rover and Porsche. He also tried to siphon off thousands from her estate and that of her family. Prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains, which they said totalled £816,127.86p. But Newcastle Crown Court heard Graham has no available assets and so must pay back just back £1.
3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home. Majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men. They were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married. Study comes in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the US.
Mohammed Morsi was accused of ordering arrest and torture of protesters in 2012. But court acquitted him of charges that would have seen him face the death penalty. Fourteen others were convicted on the same charges, with most sentenced to jail. Defence lawyers said they would launch an appeal against the convictions. Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood has been blacklisted and targeted in government crackdown.
Grant Hackett's father has revealed that his son's addiction was triggered by a death threat. Former police inspector Neville Hackett said his son had 'his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals' two years ago. The revelation comes after the 34-year-old made a come back last Sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds. He made the team after only six months of training following a six-year layoff, with his training schedule now involving 55-60km of swimming a week and three
The man, known only as Donor 7042, carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1) that can pass on a severe, life-limiting condition to his offspring. Ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with NF1  a condition which can increase the risk of cancer, cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferers lifespan by up to 15 years. A child born from a parent with the defective gene has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease. Four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions
Scott Shirley, his wife Mayo and son Phoenix were travelling back to Washington DC. They were on a United Airlines flight from Orlando, Florida, when they discovered the vomit. Cabin crew told them a passenger had been sick in the seating area before take-off. Mr Shirley says staff refused to clean and scrub down the affected area of the cabin. The family were given two options; fly out next day or remain in their seats. United Airlines has offered the family a $150 flight voucher and additional mileage points.
Kevin Gill, from Naples, Florida, found the eight-inch alligator being attacked by a bird. He brought it home for his son, 13, to nurse it back to health while learning about gators. But deputies found the gator during a search of the family's home and arrested him. It is illegal to keep an alligator of any size in Florida without a license.
More than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at New York City's Library Hotel. Each floor is dedicated to one of the Dewey Decimal System's categories, and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic. The hotel is located at Madison Avenue and 41st Street, just steps from the New York Public Library and Grand Central Terminal.
Jon Stewart will present his final show on August 6. He joked about how sentimental it will be and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show. It comes after he revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by American politics and watching cable news.
Bikini-clad models took to the catwalk as part of the Miss Bikini of the Universe contest in Luoyang, central China. The girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and high heels. They were competing to reach the national final in Beijing.
Castro passed away on Friday morning while in his sleep in San Diego where he was in hospice care, a family spokesman said. He was a self-made man, the embodiment of the American dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college, and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy. During his career, Castro also served as an American ambassador to three countries including El Salvador, Bolivia and Argentina. Castro is survived by his wife, Pat and his two daughters, Mary Pat James and Beth Castro.
Dr Donald DeWitt, 65, charged with attempted sexual assault, child endangerment and criminal sexual contact. Married father of one was suspended from his $105,000-a-year job at Bergen County Academies in Hackensack, New Jersey, on Thursday. Victim's sister discovered the raunchy emails and told their mother, who called police. DeWitt has been ordered to have no contact with the 16-year-old victim.
Thames Valley Police called after passer-by reported seeing missile on a barge in Reading. Alongside the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a dummy wearing a balaclava. Police and an Army bomb disposal team inspected the missile and found it to be a dummy. Local resident said: 'What a stupid thing to put on top of a boat in a town centre'
A New York City cop checking in on his elderly parents on Friday was horrified to discover them dead along with two other guests in their home. The victims, all in their 70s and 80s, died of apparent carbon monoxide poisoning, possibly caused by a car left running in a garage. Neighbors say that Jerry and Marrianne Hugel were a happily married couple for 60 years who loved to dance, garden, and observe their German heritage. 'They were wonderful people,' said a neighbor who had known the couple for 40 years.
Zambi Wildlife Retreat is a sanctuary for retired, old, injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of Penrith in western Sydney. It is home to lions, tigers, monkeys, dingoes, parrots, rescued farm and domestic animals from all over Australia. Kibulu the African lion cub is one of 23 lions in director Donna Wilson's care at the centre. He arrived at Zambi as a three-week-old cub after his mother rejected him at the NSW Zoo where he was born. Donna says the laws around circus animals in Australia are
Rare archive photo discovered in Hitler 'fan magazine' from the Thirties. In lederhosen and knee-high socks, Adolf Hitler lounges against a tree. The Fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap, calling it beneath ones dignity The Hitler fanzine - Deutschland Erwache (Germany Awaken) - is to be published this month.
Kristen is the voice of Frozen's Anna and the star of House of Lies. She is the mother of two daughters, Lincoln, two, and Delta, four months, with actor Dax Sheppard. In an interview for the May issue of Good Housekeeping, she says that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids.
Lauren Hill, 19, was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma after she became dizzy following a basketball game with her high school team in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. She was told she would not live past December but defied doctors' expectations and played four games with her college team to raise $1.5million for childhood cancer research. Hill's casket was moved to the Cintas Center where she made her first basket in a college game on November 2. The match was moved forward to this date with permission of the NCAA because of her declining condition.
Racegoer seen on video deliberately knocking 63-year-old man to the ground. He barges into the man, who is unsteady on his feet and swaying after day at races. The racegoer, 34, walks off as onlookers gasp and try to help the victim. Victim was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face. Man came forward to police and was interviewed under caution about the alleged assault. Police said he was released this morning pending further inquiries.
Jade Walters, 21, loaned out her beloved horse Magic to help a young girl learn to ride. She advertised for a temporary owner after the cost of his upkeep went over £4,000 a year. A woman in the West Country responded and took the chestnut chestnut pony to help her daughter. Six months later, Magic's temporary owner said keeping the pony was too expensive. They agreed to help Miss Walters look for an experienced rider to buy him for £500. But just 12 days later, on February 10, Magic was auctioned for just £200. Miss
Madonna performed a stand-up routine on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday. The 56-year-old singer described herself as a 'closet comedian' before getting up for an 'impromptu' stand up routine. She told jokes about dating a man who was admiring her collection of Andy Warholic paintings. Some commentators said it was 'awkward' and'sad' while others called it 'adorable' The Today Show appearance did not go down well either.
Holly Littlefield, 16, was arrested and held in a police cell for 14 hours. Zoe Gregory, 26, hijacked her email account to issue bomb threat. Holly was too scared to return to school for two days and was taunted by classmates. Gregory, a married mother-of-two, said she was suffering from depression. She admitted communicating false information and could face seven years in jail.
Robosub was examining the depths of the Gulf of Mexico when the sperm whale appeared. Footage shows the curious leviathan swimming in and out of the camera lights, at times spinning and looking directly into the camera. Sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act.
Jonny Bucknell, 58, was enjoying his roast dinner in Camden Council chamber. Labour rival Theo Blackwell spotted him and alerted other councillors. He was forced to put down his cutlery when mayor Lazzaro Pietragnoli told him off. The mayor reminded the hungry councillor that eating was banned in the chamber.
Craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the U.N. Mine Action Service. 'You have been given a license to kill (as James Bond), I'm now giving you a license. to save,' said Ban Ki-moon at United Nations headquarters in New York. The United Nations said 162 States are parties to the Anti-Personnel Mine Ban Convention.
Dog was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in Antioch, California. It is believed the pet, named Fireman by rescuers, was burned by chemicals at a foster home. Hundreds of people have already got in contact looking to take the pet in.
In real life 007 would have perished several times in his most recent movie, Skyfall. Incidents that ought to have been fatal include one that would have 'turned his lungs out' But Bond is not the only one to defy medical science, say experts. They include John McClane in Die Hard, the serial killer in Halloween and three of the cast of Home Alone.
Researchers sequenced the microbiomes of Yanomami people living in a remote Amazon village in Venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-Yanomami. Findings show how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the charges Monday against William D. Allen, Susan Daub and their Capital Financial Partners investment firms. Allen, 36, was a cornerback in the NFL from 2001 to 2012, playing for the New York Giants and the Miami Dolphins. Daub, 54, is a financial professional who also lives in Florida, according to the SEC. The SEC said Allen and Daub paid about $20 million to investors but received only around $13 million in loan repayments from athletes.
David Cameron greeted voters in the street as he left his speech in Cheltenham. But aides ordered that the Jack Russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the Conservative Party leader. Owner Sarah Styler was taking Silver for his morning walk when she spotted TV crews gathered outside the church hall close to her house where Mr Cameron was giving his speech.
Digital delivery of music. caught up with physical formats as a money stream for the first time last year. Overall global sales of $14.97 billion. fell marginally from 2013. The report also named the year's top-selling album - the 'Frozen' soundtrack, which sold 10 million copies.
Graphic signs tell pilgrims not to stop for a poo break along the Camino de Santiago route. The pilgrimage, known as the Way of St James, attracts thousands of pilgrims every year. Some pilgrims will walk nearly 500 miles to the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela. Angry residents in Lastres have complained about pilgrims defecating outside their homes.
Former Top Gear co-host has released his first home video on YouTube channel. Ten-minute clip shows him shouting 'bored' to himself and his dog on a Welsh farm. It follows him as he learns from local farmers about how to look after sheep in the Lake District. Film ends with Hammond releasing some sheep back onto his farm - but realising he's left his dog behind. Comes after James May also released a series of videos documenting his jobless life.
Bruno Fernández, 32, has been arrested in connection with disappearance of Adriana Giogiosa. The 55-year-old was reported missing by her brother after she failed to return to Madrid. Police searched his home in Majadahonda, a suburb of Madrid, and found blood and a meat grinder. Neighbours said he'regularly' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints.
Hawaii scientists say a supervoid may account for an anomaly in the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMB) of the universe. In 2004 astronomers first found the 'Cold Spot' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation. At 1.8 billion light-years across it would be the biggest object ever found. But some 'exotic physics' is also needed to explain what's happening.
Nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts are treated like'slave labour', says Unison member. Union calls for more research into the effects of long working hours on workers' health. Comes as Royal College of Nursing report warns 'true picture is less positive' than first thought. Number of nursing jobs has risen by 6,434 in five years, but number of people filling posts has fallen by 1,845.
Hiroshi Ueda claims he invented the selfie stick in the 1980s while working for camera company Minolta. He came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were on holiday in Europe. The 'extender stick' was designed for use with compact cameras that were being developed at the time. Despite being patented in 1983, the extender stick failed to become a success due to the poor image quality it captured. Some 30 years later selfie sticks are now hugely popular - used by narcissists everywhere to capture images of themselves in their surroundings.
Former TOWIE star, 24, unveils sophisticated summer range. Full of pastels and florals inspired by Coachella festival season. Says she's'really proud' of her new designs and says they're 'definitely' for real women. Admits she works out to keep her curves.
Well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has driven up property values. Left local people priced out of areas where they grew up, Lib Dem leader says. Under Lib Dem plan local authorities would have power to charge 200% council tax. Levy would be used in part to deter people from buying holiday homes in the first place. Money generated could be used to support schools, post offices and other services. Lib Dem leader said he wants to 'play on the conscience' of second homeowners.
49% of Scots plan to vote SNP, with just 25% backing Labour, poll shows. Labour down four points on last month to lowest level since survey began in 2007. Support for the SNP is up three points to 49%, a record high, according to YouGov poll. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon insists she is taking 'absolutely nothing for granted' Miliband says Tory campaign has descended into 'desperation and panic' in Edinburgh.
Washington, DC-based company wants to create a new space station. Their giant cylinder could apparently replace the ISS. It would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity, and would be 1,300ft (400 metres) long, cost £200 billion ($300 billion) and take 30 years to build. Inside, the structures would be curved floors so anyone on the outside would be pushed into the ground, simulating gravity on Earth. The International Space Station is estimated to be decommissioned around 2024.
Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. The Harvard-educated doctor joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993. Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter. He said: 'They're star-struck, and like having on their faculty the best-known doctor in the country'
Glenn Mason, 56, plundered the accounts of nine pensioners in Biggin Hill, Kent. He got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in July 2012. Mason has said he will pay back the whole £185,000 out of his pension pot. The bank has already refunded the customers targeted by Mason and will receive the money as compensation.
Disgusted member of the public snapped the man on his mobile phone. Th Clements & Son, which owns the field in Benington, Lincolnshire, was alerted and sacked the worker with immediate effect. A toilet was less than 18 metres away from him but he decided to urinate in the field rather than use the toilet. Tesco said its vegetables undergo an 'extensive assessment and review process' before they reach supermarket shelves.
Residents in Glodwick, Oldham, Manchester, had noticed rubbish piling up. They thought it was a neighbour dumping it in an alleyway but were shocked to see a binman. He was filmed lifting the bags out of dustbins and tossing them down the alleyway. Another CCTV video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later. Oldham Council slapped stickers on the bags because they were not properly disposed of.
Scientists in California have described how to create artificial auroras on Earth. They said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles (300km) up into space. It would then fire high-energy beams back at Earth's atmosphere. The beams would create auroras - and it could even trigger lightning in the air. For now the idea is only a concept, and there are no concrete plans to build it. But the team says by proving it works, it could be a step towards actually making it.
Prince Abdul Malik and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah wed yesterday. The lavish ceremony was held at the Sultan of Brunei's 1,788-room palace. Over the last 20 years, wedding expenditure has become an eye-popping affair. Celebrities and royals are unafraid to spend millions on their big day.
Chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in Somerset. He was given a tour of the factory where the iconic hoover brands are made. Onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities between the two machines. Mr Osborne was seen cracking up after posing for photographs with the hoovers.
Casey Veal's son Zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their Bendigo home at random. Harley Hicks, 19, bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery, fuelled by ice and marijuana. Zayden suffered a crushed skull, broken collar bone and a broken rib. His mother Casey Veal says her son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice. 'My only job as your mum was
Stephanie Flanders, then economics editor of BBC2's Newsnight, hosted party in 2004. At the time, Ed Miliband was chief economics adviser to the Chancellor, Gordon Brown. As he held court, a young woman called Justine Thornton, whom he had never met before, became transfixed. Mrs Miliband said she was 'furious' when she found out that he was'secretly going out with' the woman who had invited her for dinner.
Crackland is a 24-hour drugs market in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where crack cocaine users visit to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight. As the country's drugs crisis reaches epidemic levels, its markets pull in anyone looking to get high. Some of whom once held jobs, had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions. A makeshift portrait studio - a scavenged chair set in front of a white backdrop, illuminated by two small lights - draws crack users from their nightmarish surroundings.
Sheila Secker, 78, had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son in December. She collapsed in her York home and could not contact her family for several days. Son Steve Secker contacted Vodafone and was told his mother's number had been retired. He was told a 'glitch' in the system had allowed her to continue to 'top up' her credit.
Stephen Howells, 39, and Nicole Vaisey, 25, were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the Amish girls and other children. They each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls, then aged seven and 12, from their family's farm roadside vegetable stand on August 13. On Tuesday, St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases. Guilty pleas would mean the victims wouldn't have to testify, including others who are not publicly known, which Rain said
The study released on Thursday by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that about 30 percent of women who'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months. Experts say mothers should wait at least 18 months to give their body time to recover and increase the chances the next child is full-term and healthy. White women had the shortest spacing  about 2 years, 2 months on average. Black and Hispanic women typically waited 2½ years or longer.
Field Marshal Erwin Rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for North Africa. The stylish goggles he famously wore across his peak cap became part of the myth. They were given to him by a British prisoner as a gift to thank him for retrieving a stolen hat. Major General Michael Gambier-Parry was captured by Rommel in Libya in 1941.
Raymond Townsend, a manager at US Limousine on Long Island, New York, was found liable for sexual harassment against dispatcher Geralyn Ganci, now 32, in 2010. Ganci, who sat near his wife in their office, repeatedly refused his requests for sex. She kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job because she'refused to have sex with the General Manager' He also sent her texts saying that he 'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me', Ganci said in court papers. Townsend
Thomas Cain's mother Ora Mae died in 1943, when he was just 12 years old. He was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her, who died in 1920s. But granddaughter Andrea Ferrell, 29, tracked her down and gave him an old picture of her mother. The image shows his mother as a teenager, and when he sees it he cries out in shock. Ferrell, from Florida, is now hunting for more pictures of her 'Pawpaw' Henry Cain.
Representative Darrell Issa wrote to State Department in December 2012. Asked if she or senior staff had used personal email 'to conduct official business' But Issa was ignored until more than a month after Clinton had left the department. Even then, the reply went into detail over the State Department's email policy. Leaked letter casts further shadow on Clinton just days before she begins Iowa campaign. She has already been forced to deny using personal email while Secretary of State.
Memo for members of Congress states that the'special relationship' is over. It was drawn up to brief the Senate and House of Representatives on the impact of the election. The document also warns that the UK faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament. 'Special relationship' was coined by Winston Churchill in a 1944 speech.
Joyce Kuhl, a South Carolina grandmother, filed lawsuit against SeaWorld. Claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools, leaving them 'essentially roasting' Says the burns are so bad staff are forced to paint them black zinc oxide to hide injuries. Also alleges they are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform. Kuhl wants to have her $97 ticket reimbursed, as well as millions of other visitors'
First Minister said she would back transfer of all tax powers to Holyrood 'as soon as possible' But Labour's Jim Murphy warned this would leave a £7.6billion black hole in Scotland's budget. Offshore oil revenues are expected to shrink to just £600million in 2016-17, according to ONS. Sturgeon was booed by audience after refusing to rule out a second referendum. Tory leader Ruth Davidson said Miss Sturgeon's election campaign is 'beginning to unravel' Scots contributed £400 extra in taxes than the UK average last year, but received
Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said Hernandez knows how to use his charm and manipulate better than anyone he has ever seen. Hodgson said the former football star is generally affable and polite and would try to use those qualities to get what he wanted at the Bristol County House of Corrections. 'He would just try to convince the officers to give him more than what they otherwise could get,' he said.
Nyia Parler, 41, allegedly wheeled her quadriplegic son, 21, into a wooded area near their Philadelphia home on Monday and left him there for five days. Police say she then boarded a bus to Maryland to visit her boyfriend, John Ferguson. The boy, who suffers from cerebral palsy and is non-verbal, was found by a passerby on Friday. Parler was charged with assault and neglect and will be arrested when she is released from hospital, police said on Sunday.
Nicola Sturgeon has demanded an official investigation into leaked memo. A civil servant leaked account of a private meeting between the SNP leader and the French ambassador. It claimed Ms Sturgeon said she would 'rather see David Cameron remain as PM' than Ed Miliband. The SNP leader completely denied the claims at an anti-nuclear rally in Glasgow today. Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood has ordered an official probe into the claims. Ms Sturgeon said the story was a sign of 'panic' over the SNP's rise in support.
Georgina Chapman, who turned 39 on Tuesday, shared an image of a bouquet of flowers he had bought her for her birthday on Instagram. She wrote: 'Thank you for my beautiful flowers!!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday' The gift comes just days after it emerged that Harvey Weinstein would not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an Italian model. Ambra Battilana, 22, claimed that the 63-year-old Hollywood producer touched her breasts and put his hand up her skirt during a 'business meeting' at his Manhattan office on March 27. The Manhattan District Attorney's
Tony Blackburn claims disgraced entertainer Jimmy Savile 'tarnished' his era. BBC Radio 2 presenter's long-term employer is reeling from allegations levelled against former staff. Several media personalities were investigated and arrested following Operation Yewtree. Blackburn's friend and colleague Paul Gambaccini was also caught up in the scandal. The 72-year-old has called for lessons to be learned after charges were dropped.
Shiraz Nawaz, 36, said he felt lucky to be alive after 15-foot flames shot out of manhole. Father-of-two was on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground. As he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole in Shirley, Solihull. The building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident. Neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire.
Amber Phillips of Los Angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in California on Tuesday. If passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. Phillips says she regrets making her mother undergo chemotherapy against her will when her breast cancer progressed to the point that she could not enjoy her life. 'Had she had the choice to end her own life she might have been able to reclaim some of her autonomy and dignity,' she said.
Brett and Naghmeh King took Ashya King to Prague for proton beam therapy last year. They initially fled to Spain where they were arrested then released after High Court approval. Family say Ashya is now in remission and there is 'no evidence' of a tumour. But consultant Dr Peter Wilson said it was 'deeply unfair' to say no to treatment for Ashya. He said the boy's chances of long-term survival could have been halved.
Amie Cox, 33, of Victoria, says she has a sensory bond with her younger son Alex, 5, and sniffs him 'all the time' She says she didn't want anyone to touch him for the first six to 12 months of his life because it would interfere with his'special smell' The mother-of-two made the admission on an SBS Insight programme about sibling rivalry. Ms Cox says she is a 'normal loving Mum' who treats her boys equally. She has been attacked online for admitting she is attracted to Alex's scent but says it doesn't bother her
Dictator allegedly scaled the 9,000ft high Mount Paektu near the Chinese border. Pictures show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops. Told troops that the climb was like 'nuclear weapons' and gave him'mental energy'
Compromised information included patients' names, home addresses, ages, illnesses, test results or Social Security numbers. Most involved electronic data and theft, including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives. Cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services. Hackers doubled during the study, from almost 5 percent of incidents in 2010 to almost 9 percent in 2013.
Syrian preacher Abdul Hadi Arwani, 48, found dead in his car in Wembley last week. CPS announced today that Leslie Cooper, 36, would be charged over suspected murder. He appeared before magistrates in Camberwell today for a brief hearing, and will appear at Old Bailey. Second man, 61, arrested tonight on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Mr Arwani.
Three years ago George Osborne was virtually scared to leave the safety of his Treasury office. His nervy demeanour and pallid complexion reflected the sickly economy. In the eyes of critics he was a hate figure - and it was getting to him. The nadir came when he was booed at the Paralympic Games in front of his children. Since then, confidence in the economy has risen on the same slow but steady path as that of the Chancellor.
Queen's Hospital in Burton, Staffordshire, ran out of space in mortuary. Hospital said it experienced 'unprecedented number of deaths' over Easter weekend. Bodies were transferred to mortuary for viewings, then returned to refrigerated lorry. Bosses admitted they didn't tell relatives about arrangement and said it is normal practice.
John and Karen Copleston claim neighbour Paul Phillips 'constantly harassed' them. They moved a gate at the back of their £210,000 house in Poole, Dorset, over petty dispute. Mr Phillips accused the Coplestons of putting the garden gate up on communal land. When the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery. CCTV caught him fiddling with the gate's lock, waving and smiling at the camera. Case against Mr Phillips dismissed, but restraining order imposed on him under Protection from Harassment Act.
Video shows the Falcon 9 booster lowering itself onto the platform, before a gust of wind sways it to one side. The 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge, but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact. SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival' He had put 50-50 odds on the attempt being successful and said that improvements to the design would happen throughout the year.
Harley Jo Skorpenske, a student at Ohio State University, suffers from lupus, an inflammatory disease which affects the immune system. A note left on her car in Cleveland, Ohio, claimed she had no right to park in a handicap space, despite the fact that her handicap tag was clearly visible. Her mother, Corinna, took to Facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer, while also defending her daughter and raising awareness about 'ghost diseases'
Catholic bishops in the U.S. have attacked the BBC drama for being 'anti-Catholic' Criticise the show's depiction of Catholic martyr Sir Thomas More as an 'evidence-flouting caricature' that is'sleazy, mean-spirited and just plain rude' Critics say the audience is encouraged to 'root for the self-made commoner Thomas Cromwell' when in fact he was a'monster' who murdered anyone who stood in his way.
Wayne Heneker was going about his usual cash drop off at a local tavern in Queensland when he was ambushed by a masked gunman. The security guard says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the man. Seconds after he fired the shots, Mr Heneker realised the man was his former colleague Shameem Rahman. Mr Heneker says he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates.
Hafeez Batthi, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were abused by a middle-aged woman on a Sydney train on Wednesday. The Muslim couple are described as 'hardworking, honest and kind' by members of the local Islamic community. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the racist tirade and stood up for the young couple. She recorded a recording of the woman berating the couple for wearing a black headscarf. Ms Eden has been offered an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the Gold Coast to see her mosque. NSW police
Stevie McCrorie has been crowned winner of The Voice UK 2015. But previous winners of the show have failed to break through in the charts. Leanne Mitchell and Andrea Begley both flop out of the music industry. Ricky Wilson believes Stevie could be the man to save the show from ridicule.
Thomas Buckett, 21, fell 15ft on to concrete floor after friends dared him to jump on skylight. He suffered life-changing head injuries and had to undergo invasive brain surgery. Doctors removed half his skull and repaired it like a jigsaw in revolutionary procedure. Family sued Staffordshire County Council for not doing more to secure premises. They were told to pay council an interim payment of £150,000 in costs by May 4. The figure could climb as high as £260,000 after further assessment.
Jessica Kemp from Eustis says teachers at Seminole County Elementary threaten to remove kindergartner Logan from class. The 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused. She claims her boy has been using them all year, but then a teacher's aide complained. Lake County school district said they would not suspend Logan.
A prisoner who rode in a police van with Freddie Gray on April 12 claims he heard Gray 'banging against the walls' and 'intentionally trying to injure himself' The prisoner, who remains in jail for violating a restraining order, was not identified for fear of his or her safety. The statement was cited in a warrant to search an arresting officer's clothing for traces of Gray's DNA. Gray died the morning of April 19 at the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center from his spinal injuries. His death has sparked protests not only in Baltimore, but across the nation.
The New Horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of Pluto and its largest moon Charon. Taken from a distance of 71 million miles (115 million km), the blurry image doesnt reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come. As the spacecraft gets closer and closer, the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 July - humanitys first ever visit to Pluto. The image shows Pluto with a sort of reddish colour and Charon - which is just over half the size of Pluto - considerably dimmer. Our best images
Angela Kelly, 67, from Croydon, had almost no cartilage left in her knee. She had to have a titanium knee replacement and is now fitter than ever. The average woman spends £136.52 on five new pairs of shoes a year. Worrying new study suggests high heels can put dangerous pressure on knee joints.
Andrew Sadek's body was found in a river with a bullet to the head. He had been working with a drug task force as a confidential informant after he was caught selling marijuana on campus in 2013. His mother believes he signed his death warrant when he began working for the force. How his body ended up in the Red River has not been explained and no gun was found.
A third of adults met their closest friends at school and a fifth met them at work. Women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months, with men at 27 years and 3 months. Social networks such as Facebook and Twitter play a major role in nurturing new friendships.
Russian President Vladimir Putin appeared on Russian TV looking fresh-faced. The 62-year-old looked relaxed and youthful as he gave a television interview about Ukraine. His appearance is radically different to how he was pictured in 2007 and 2010. In both photographs the skin of Putin's face is more saggy, and he has visible dark circles under his eyes. Russian media began to question whether Putin had had plastic surgery in 2011.
French model is filmed and photographed as she 'ages' an average of five years throughout a typical working day. Parisian public observe her appearance and proceed to judge her as older - from as young as 26 to as old as 40. Advert for Garnier's Miracle Sleeping Cream ends with the statement 'In only one day, fatigue can age you by five years'
Beachfront property in Smugglers Cove, near Portreath, Cornwall, has gone on the market for £3million. Summer cottage has three bedrooms and winter cottage has four, with uninterrupted views of the sea. Estate agents said they have seen an increase in interest in holiday homes in Cornwall since Poldark began airing last month. The property has direct access to the beach and an amazing view of uninterrupted coast and open sea.
Jason Rezaian, the Post's Tehran bureau chief, has been detained in Iran for eight months. Iranian officials announced in January that he would stand trial before the country's Revolutionary Court to face'security charges', but did not elaborate what those charges were. An Iranian news agency considered to be close to Iran hard-liners claims he has been accused of 'espionage' and 'acting against national security' Rezaian and his wife, Iranian-born Yeganeh Salehi, were taken from their Tehran home on July 22 and detained with two photojournalists.
The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at Clemson University in South Carolina has been put on probation for two years. The group held a Christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions on campus. White students dressed in red and blue bandanas, T-shirts with images of the late rapper Tupac Shakur and fake 'thug' tattoos. 'Cripmas' appeared to be a reference to a primarily African-American gang, The Crips, founded in California.
Paramedics were called to Cockle Bay Wharf in Sydney's Darling Harbour on Saturday night. The man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers. Before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again. He was then taken to hospital as a precautionary measure.
Craig and Bonnie Morgan are selling their Hastings home for £185,000. They are trying to raise money to send their son Craig Jr to a prep school. The nine-year-old is too bright for state education and not achieving as much as expected, say the Morgans. He sat the entrance exam for Battle Abbey Prep School and 'fell in love with it' But at £4,000 a term, the fees were crippling for the family, particularly as their income depended on Mr Morgans work as a taxi driver. As well as putting their house on the market, the
Pontiff made the comments at a 100th anniversary Mass in the Vatican on Sunday. Turkey has summoned the Holy See's ambassador in Ankara in protest at the remarks. It said Pope Francis' words had caused a 'problem of trust' and was 'deeply sorry' The killings in 1915 are regarded by many historians as the first genocide of the 20th century.
The infamous Chilkoot Trail in British Columbia was used by thousands of men during the Klondike Gold Rush. Hundreds of men and thousands of pack animals lost their lives as they headed to Canada's frozen wastes. Kluane National Park is home to a huge grizzly bear population. Wendy spent hours on the jetty watching lynx, bear and wolf prowling past.
Researchers from the National Museum of Natural History in Paris say Neanderthals may have been the world's first gourmet chefs. They say they may have used plants like yarrow and camomile to flavour their meat. The discovery was made in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old Neanderthal teeth found in El Sidron, Spain. There is already evidence that they cooked their food and may even have created stews in the skins of animals, according to anthropologists.
The coyote was spotted on the grounds of an apartment building in Chelsea, New York, at 8.30am on Tuesday. It was first spotted by a resident walking his dog in a park near the Church of the Holy Apostles at 28th Street and Ninth Avenue in Chelsea. After the resident alerted two workers to the sighting, NYPD officers arrived at the scene. But the coyote did not surrender easily, sprinting across the grass and dodging cops' attempts to catch it. They finally captured it more than an hour later when it was shot with a dart laced with Ketaset.
Unidentified woman boarded bus in Ozone Park, Queens, on Saturday evening. She was'shocked' that the driver's behavior continued the entire ten minutes she was on the bus. He was seen with both hands on a piece of paper, believed to be a timetable. Bus was being used to replace part of a subway line closed for maintenance during the weekend. The driver has been taken out of passenger service while the MTA investigates.
A 37-year-old man was in custody Tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban Detroit, police said. The bodies were discovered by police Monday night, Eastpointe police Lt. Neil Childs said, and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths. 'We had no prior runs out there for domestic violence or anything of that nature,' he said. 'As far as motive is concerned, we're still investigating' The man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths haven't been released. Charges aren't likely until Wednesday
The iconic Sydney Harbour Bridge has topped the list as the most photographed Australian landmark on Instagram with 342,969 photos. Sydney's Bondi Beach has been ranked second with 261,911 photos, followed by the Sydney Opera House with 134,641. The tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most 'Instagrammed' places in Australia as part of research released by Love Home Swap on Wednesday. Others include the Twelve Apostles along the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Uluru which is also known as Ayers Rock in the Northern Territory and the Big Banana in Coffs Harbour. Nearly 60 million
An unnamed teacher at Foster High School in Richmond, Texas, is facing disciplinary proceedings for allegedly giving his students anti-Muslim propaganda during class. The handout, entitled Islam/Radical Islam (Did You Know), made unsubstantiated claims like: '38 percent of Muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed' It also mentioned Sharia Law, jihad, and had a section entitled; 'If taken hostage by radical Islamists, what to do' At least one student, who was Muslim, showed the document to her parents who contacted the Council of American Islamic Relations (CAIR)
Majority of punters are convinced that the Duchess of Cambridge will give birth to a girl. 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child. A Scottish punter placed a £2,000 wager on a new princess with Ladbrokes yesterday. The 18th, 19th and 20th April are the most popular dates for the royal baby's birth. Alice is the current front runner for a princess, followed by Victoria. James and Arthur are also popular choices for the baby's name.
Stephanie Scott's funeral will be held at the Eat Your Greens function centre in Eugowra, near her home town of Canowindra in rural Central West NSW. The 26-year-old's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday April 10. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with her murder and is due to appear in court in June. For the past 12 months, Ms Scott had been excitedly preparing her wedding to her childhood sweetheart Aaron Leeson-Woolley.
Sol Campbell is part of a new campaign to encourage minorities to register to vote. Campbell has joined forces with David Harewood, Tinie Tempah and Ade Adepitan. Former Arsenal and England defender retired from football in 2012 and is considering a career in politics. The campaign, run by Operation Black Vote, features the stars in striking photographs.
Edward Fride is the pastor at Christ the King in Ann Arbor, Michigan. In a letter to parishioners, he warned that crime had gone up while budget cuts meant that there had been a'reduction in the availability of an armed police response' He suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license. Catholic Bishop Earl Boyea said guns did not belong in a Catholic church.
London-born street artist Plastic Jesus erected seven 'No Kardashian Parking Anytime' signs around Los Angeles this week. The signs were erected in front of the Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian-owned clothing store Dash and other hot spots such as the Ivy Restaurant and Cecconi's on Melrose. Plastic Jesus says he came up with the idea while driving down Melrose Avenue a few weeks ago, when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a Kardashian shopping on the street.
The 37-year-old sported a tiny string bikini as she played with her son Quinnlann Clancy, two, on the beach. Maggie and her husband Alex Mehran welcomed their first daughter, Cecilia Kathryn, on February 9. The mother-of-three was one of the world's most popular models in the late Nineties and early 2000s.
Temperatures in the South could reach 23C (73F) by Wednesday, forecasters say. Best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2C (61.2F) at Achnagart in the Scottish Highlands, followed by 14.5C (58.1F) in Plymouth, Devon. But incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Bristol and Cumbria. Ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6, while it is
Scything expert Chris Riley, 56, says Turner should have kept his shirt on. 'There was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time youd mow like that would be in a competition,' he says. Turner, 31, set hearts aflutter when he stripped off to manfully mow a hay field with a scythe.
Marks & Spencer is stocking Bouea macrophylla  or mango plum  after years of work with specialist growers in Thailand. The fruit has a bright orange edible skin, which is firmer than a plum, and a sweet taste similar to an Alphonso mango but with a softer texture. M&S fruit expert Shazad Rehman said: 'It has a soft texture and all the delicious flavour of a mango without any of the hassle to prepare'
Liam Linford Oliver-Christie, 29, caught with drugs under floorboards in raid. Officers uncovered haul and 'drugs paraphernalia' with help of sniffer dog in September 2013. Oliver-Christe was jailed for 15 months in August 2012 for 'turning a blind eye' to drug dealing. His father is former Olympic sprinter Linford Christie, who was the toast of British athletics.
Survivors and relatives of the dead were awarded Purple Hearts and two Defense of Freedom Medals on Friday at Fort Hood, Texas. Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas, injuring 30 others before he was shot himself. Military officials had long denied the Purple Heart awards because they called the attack an act of workplace violence, not terrorism. Last year, Congress approved new eligibility requirements for Purple Hearts that forced the Defense Department to reconsider.
On Wednesday Virgin Australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the Australian domestic network. The package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights. Virgin Australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium, contemporary, full service airline. Food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and duration of the journey.
Convicted murderer Nikko Jenkins, 28, attempted to carve '666' into his forehead. But he used a mirror and the numbers came out backwards. Jenkins was jailed one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days. A doctor concluded he was 'a psychopath' and 'one of the most dangerous people' he had ever encountered during his murder trial.
DJ Neil Fox, 53, denies nine sex attacks on six women and three children. One alleged victim says he assaulted her at Capital Radios studios in Leicester Square. Two others say they were sexually touched against their will at Magic FM studios. Fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014.
Ben Parsons, 34, of Brighton, East Sussex, proposed to girlfriend Anna Jefferson, 36. She was watching him run in the Brighton marathon with their children Nancy, three, and Thomas, 11 months. Anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on Hove seafront. Ben got down on one knee and popped the question and Anna said yes. He ran onward towards the finishing line, still managing to get a personal best timing.
Ken Broskey, 69, of Livonia, Michigan, has been diagnosed with stage 4 Oropharyngeal cancer, and doctors have urged him to go into hospice care. Instead, he has taken a job as an Uber driver so he can earn enough money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can continue to live in his house. Roland Gainer, a college student who started a campaign to help Broskey after riding in the man's car, has almost reached its $95,000 goal. Uber has also donated $5,000 to the man,
The humanoid, known as Ham, has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in Hong Kong this week. The head, designed by American robotics designer David Hanson, is able to answer basic questions and can also be used in the simulation of medical scenarios. Using specialised software the machine can recognise and respond to a number of human facial expressions in a natural way.
Xavier Denamur exposed France as a country of microwave cheats in his book. He compared chefs' corner-cutting to being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline. Last year France did not get a single entry in to the top ten of the World's 50 Best Restaurant Awards. A survey by catering union Synhorcat in 2014 suggested 31 per cent of restaurants used industrially prepared foods.
Mohammed Tahir, 53, got off his train at Mile End and picked a target on the platform. He followed her onto a Central line service and stood as close to her as he could. Tahir pretended to accidentally slide his hand across her thigh as she stood with other passengers in the busy carriage on a hot summers day. She tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances. But Tahir moved even closer and began rubbing his crotch and pot belly against her. Judge banned him from using Tube during rush hours for five years.
In the HBO documentary Thought Crimes Gilberto Valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap, torture, and eat his wife and other women online. Valle, often at his mother's house, is seen cooking in the film but he's only making bacon and eggs and he makes jokes about people feeling afraid when they see him with a fork. During his trial, the jury heard how Valle communicated in chat rooms about killing and cooking his wife. He told one man he met in a fetish chat room: 'I want her to experience being cooked alive like a turkey
Craig Roberts, 36, was refused entry to the Post Office in Chadderton, Manchester. Employee told him he would have to leave his guide dog Bruce outside if he wanted to be served. He said he was left feeling 'angry and shocked' and 'humiliated' by the incident. People with disabilities have the same right to services supplied by shops, banks, hotels, libraries, pubs, taxis and restaurants as everyone else.
The four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms, five bathrooms, an underground pool, a gym, and a lift to take cars to the basement garage. The purchase comes after Ms Forbes, 49, made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat, in Chelsea. Land Registry documents show that she sold that seven-bedroom home for £43 million in February.
Heartwarming scenes captured by Denis Budkov, 35, during a trip to Kuril Lake in Kamchatka, in Russia. He sat and watched as the mother bear became a makeshift sofa for one of her playful cubs. The photographer spent hours watching the young family from a safe distance - with the normally ferocious animals appearing comfortable with his presence.
Pittsburgh-based pop-up store, Less Than 100, has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap. Female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full. All sales from the ceramics, textiles, publications, art prints and stationery sole will go back to the female artists who made them.
Violet Price, 80, had been missing from her home in Moustier village since last week. Her son raised the alert after she failed to respond on the phone when he went to her home. A 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with her murder. He told police where to find the body parts in two different areas of the region, prosecutors say.
Por-Bajin, or 'clay house' in Tuvan, was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern Siberia. The island has baffled experts for over a hundred years who say it could have been anything from a prison, to a palace or monastry. Russian president Vladimir Putin visited the island with Prince Albert of Monaco in 2007 and said: 'I have seen many places, but I have never seen anything of the kind'
Millie Marotta, 36, is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume Animal Kingdom. The art book has achieved unheard levels of success, selling 500,000 copies worldwide. Welsh illustrator and designer from Tenby, West Wales, took eight months to complete the book. She has received emails from people of all backgrounds saying how much they enjoyed the simple act of colouring.
Karstein Erstad discovered the worms on the surface of the snow near Bergen. There have been reports of worm rainfall in Lindås and Suldal in southern Norway. The same phenomenon was reported in Sweden in the 1920s. In 2011, pupils playing football at a school in Scotland witnessed worms falling from the sky.
Jonathan W. Krueger, the photo editor at the University of Kentucky's College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday while walking home. Justin Smith, 18, was charged with the murder Friday afternoon, this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone who was with the victim. Krueger was shot by two men in a red minivan, one in a hoodie. University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff Friday morning calling
Freddie Gray, 25, died Sunday after he 'had his spine 80 per cent severed at his neck' during an arrest in Baltimore last Sunday. He was taken to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death. Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said, 'Whatever happened happened in the back of the van' Six officers involved in the arrest and transportation of Gray after he was taken into custody have all been suspended from the department, though their races are not known. The switchblade knife was punishable by a year in prison and a
Robert Fidler, 66, secretly constructed mock-Tudor castle complete with battlements and cannons and lived there with his family from 2002. He unveiled it officially in 2006 when he thought he would be able to exploit a legal loophole that prevents enforcement action against a structure if no objections have been made for at least four years. But local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission. Now, after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds, Communities and Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles has finally ruled the four-bedroom home must be pulled down within 90 days.
Statues of Queen Victoria and King George V were splashed with paint. Vandals poured paint over Scottish-South African missionary Andrew Murray's statue in the Western Cape. A bronze rider marking the Anglo-Boer War from 1899 to 1902, was toppled from his horse. In the latest demonstration, vandals smeared paint the figure of a young Mohandas Gandhi.
Tina Fey was seen for the first time since the suicide of Dr. Fredric Brandt on Friday. The Emmy-award winning writer, producer and actor was on a school run with her youngest daughter Penelope and husband Jeff Richmond. Dr. Brandt took his own life on April 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him, Dr. Franff, on Fey's new show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Fey, 44, has yet to publicly speak about the death of the dermatologist.
Mohammed Dahbi ordered Kassie Thornton and TV executive partner Christy Spitzer to 'keep that behavior for the bedroom' Claimed they were 'touching each other all over' and 'kissing heavily' in the cab. He warned that if they ignored his request he would throw them out. But Judge John Spooner disagreed and ordered him to pay the fine. Also made him attend anti-discrimination training and pay a $5,000 civil penalty.
TV shows like True Blood and Twilight are said to be driving a new generation of 'possessions' Professor Giuseppe Ferrari made revelation at Vatican-backed exorcism course in Rome. He told those in attendance: 'There are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people's blood, or encourage them to have special sexual relations to obtain special powers'
Karen Gaynor was accused of causing criminal damage by pruning a tree in her garden. The 53-year-old was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail for seven months. Magistrates at Rotherham Magistrates Court took just 15 minutes to find her not guilty. Court heard how council officials had told her she could trim the tree near her home. They physically refused to show her how much she could cut back the branches. Complaint was made about the hedge as part of a long-running boundary dispute.
Sandra Bullock's 15-minute 911 call was played in court on Thursday during a preliminary hearing for Joshua Corbett, who is charged with stalking and breaking into her Los Angeles home last June. The actress hid in her closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder, according to the call. 'I'm in my closet. I have a safe door,' Bullock, breathing heavily, is heard telling the dispatcher. 'I'm locked in the closet right now' A judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for Corbett to
ComRes poll reveals 54% want SNP kept out of the next UK government. And 59% want the SNP as a whole to play no part in running the country. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon promises the rest of the UK the 'hand of friendship' David Cameron warns a Labour-SNP deal would be a'match made in hell' for economy. 36% of voters back the Lib Dems playing a role in the next government, with only 40% against. More than half of people do not want Ukip leader Nigel Farage to play a part. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg proved
David Cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit £8billion to fund the health service. This is the figure named by NHS boss Simon Stevens as the amount needed to help plug a £30billion hole in the services accounts over the next five years. Prime Minister said last night he was utterly committed to the NHS.
Tom Ryan, 40, was struck by a Toyota while making deliveries on Staten Island. Onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. Mr Ryan, a married father-of-two, was taken by air ambulance to hospital. He has lost one leg, but is expected to live, a UPS representative said.
Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Australia kicked off on Tuesday. Punk fashion took to the catwalk at Sydney's Carriageworks, with stocking caps, fishnets, tattoos and leather harnesses reigning the runway. Khim Hang, 22, displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers. Phoenix Keating, Alice McCall, Zhivago and Khim Hangall embraced a raw, punk style. Michael Lo Sordo chose to take a more safe approach, sticking with classic couture - with frills,
Ryan Giggs phoned his brother Rhodri and the two are now reconciling. Rhodri's wife Natasha had an eight-year affair with the Manchester United star. She went public with the affair after he tried to silence Big Brother star Imogen Thomas. He spent £150,000 trying to silence her but it fell apart after a Twitter campaign.
Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the Union. The SNP leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in Loanhead, near Edinburgh. She set out details of what she called a 'triple lock' that exists on independence. Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg warned the entire country would suffer if SNP held another vote. He said: 'They just don't seem to be able to accept the answer they received at the ballot box'
Latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent, pointing to another hung Parliament on May 7. But Britain's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private  with punters placing a flood of cash on the Tories. One bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on David Cameron's party to emerge with the most seats  with not a single bet of this size on Ed Miliband's Labour. Paddy Power said they are expecting the election to be the biggest non sporting market in its history.
Patrick O'Melia, 39, found Justin Braddock, 34, unconscious in the front seat of a car. He spent seven minutes giving him CPR and eventually revived him. Braddock, who had injected a large amount of heroin, was taken to hospital but fled. Was later caught by deputies as he ran away from Florida Hospital. Two-year-old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car.
Larung Gar Buddhist Academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns who travel from all over the world to study Tibetan Buddhism. The sprawling settlement, Sertar, sits on elevations of 12,500ft, and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study. Each unheated hut is just one to three rooms in size, with no heating or toilets installed. Monks and nuns are segregated by a winding road, and are housed in different districts according to age and sex.
Handwritten notes of Samir al-Khlifawi, a former Iraqi Army colonel, have been found. They explain in detail how ISIS were able to take control in Syria and Iraq. Haji Bakr was Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's closest advisor and head of his military council. He planned to recruit young men as spies and set up a Stasi-like secret service. Men loyal to ISIS would be selected to marry daughters of the most powerful families. Another document charts a command structure for an internal intelligence organisation.
The 223ft Explorer is a concept superyacht from British yacht designer Tony Castro. It comes with its own helipad, infinity pool and plenty of space for cars and jetskis. There is room for 12 lucky guests on board and space for 15 crew. The yacht costs 40million euros to build and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe.
Bloodstained checklist from the Gemini 4 mission in June 1965 is tipped to sell for a huge £80,000 ($120,000) The list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space. It's thought one of them cut their hand or finger on the hatch locking mechanism and their blood ended up on the checklist after they removed their gloves while safely inside. Had the pair not been able to lock the hatch after themselves, they would have been lost in space and could have scuppered the Apollo missions that followed. The Gemini programme of the 1960s was
Andrei Lunev suffered serious head and lower extremities wounds after stepping on tripwire. Reporter was inspecting the ruins of Shyrokyne, a village near Mariupol in East Ukraine. He was taken to hospital in Novoazovsk near the Russian border where he later regained consciousness. Incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of St. John. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, were in critical condition. The family attorney James Maron said the boys were in 'rough shape' The US Environmental Protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying' Methyl Bromide can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system.
Mary Day claimed £16,500 of income support and disability allowance. 60-year-old claimed despite having £27,000 of her own savings in the bank. Her savings were £11,000 above the £16k threshold for savings while claiming benefits. She went on three trips to tourist hotspot Goa in 2009, 2011 and 2014, but didn't tell authorities. Day has pleaded guilty to five counts of dishonestly failing to notify DWP of change in circumstances affecting her ability to claim benefits.
Two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested in mass brawl at Pontins. Police were called after teenagers started 'running riot' and women threw chairs at one and other. Fight took place at Southport Holiday Park, Merseyside, yesterday evening. Man, 26, was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault and police are investigating.
David Nellist, 38, of Keswick, Cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called Coco'screaming' Nellist was sentenced to two months in prison, suspended for 18 months, banned from keeping animals for five years, ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £1,580. Coco has since been rehomed.
Macaca leucogenys was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east Tibet after researchers set up camera traps. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. It earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face. Videos have also revealed that the animal has a far higher frequency squeal when threatened compared to other macaques.
Born Bradley Manning, the 27-year-old was convicted of espionage in July 2013 for sending a trove of classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. Manning, a former army private who enlisted as Bradley, has had her name officially changed to Chelsea and recently received approval to undergo hormone therapy for gender reassignment while in prison. She has given her first in-depth interview from behind bars in Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, describing the 'painful and awkward' process and conditions of transitioning to a woman from inside a military prison.
Ed Miliband has overtaken David Cameron as most popular political leader for first time. Labour leader has jumped ahead of the Prime Minister in personal approval ratings. Party has also taken a four point lead over the Tories with just 28 days until polling day. Revelation comes in the wake of a furious political row over the Labour leaders personal character.
Shadow business secretary said he was opposed to 'taxing for the sake of taxing' His remarks highlighted divisions in Labour's top ranks over the 50p rate. Ed Balls is said to want the new top rate to be temporary, while Ed Miliband is more ideologically wedded to maintaining it. Scottish National Party has pledged to vote in favour of a 50p top rate if it holds power.
73 per cent of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month, compared with 63 per cent who steer clear of the comfort food. Fans of grilled cheese are also more charitable and more likely to travel than those who don't eat it. The type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you, the survey by US dating site Skout found.
Comedian Dave Hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster Derryn Hinch a 'w**ker' on national television. The pair were on ABC's Q&A panel discussing depression and alcohol on Monday night. It came after a video surfaced of Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolling a beer in a Sydney pub. Hinch asked Hughes if binge drinking was as prevalent back when he was younger. But Hughes interjected and said this culture had existed and people drank to get drunk. To which the radio personality replied: 'I drank because I like the taste of wine'
The Harewood Arms in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, has publicly backed UKIP. Pub is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises. Landlord Matt Eason wrote on Facebook: 'We believe in a lot of the policies UKIP stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support' Pub said it had received a 'Marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people' One customer said: 'Drinking elsewhere now. F*** this UKIP'
Nick Cousins, 57, and Grace Garcia Cousins, 53, held over alleged 'ill treatment' of child. Girl's birth and that of her sister, 14, were never registered and they did not attend school. Couple also being questioned over claims Mrs Cousins had overstayed her visa in Hong Kong. Blanca Cousins, 15, was found dead at the foot of the apartment block at 1.46am on Tuesday. Police said girl had locked herself in bathroom and had been 'unhappy' in recent weeks. Mr Cousins is managing director of insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson
Gunfights broke out and. vehicles were set ablaze  in one of Mexico's biggest. cities along the U.S. border, after security forces arrested a. leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area. Three suspected assailants were killed during the confrontations and two state police were injured, the Tamaulipas state government said. Earlier in the day, federal police and marines captured 'El. Gafe,' a leader of the Gulf cartel, said the spokesman for police. in Reynosa.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to a string of thefts. The 19-year-old joked about the 'nightmare' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences. He boasted on the social media site: We dont talk to police! The troubled teenagers Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of bud for cash
Pompous Albert has 44.1K followers on Instagram, thanks to his permanent frown. The grey cat is a breed of Selkirk Rex, known for their wild, curly, white-grey curly hair. Albert is named after famous physician Albert Einstein, due to his wild white hair.
Kelly Watson, 41, was diagnosed with early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday. Doctors predict her condition will deteriorate in a matter of years and she will forget her daughter. She said the joys of watching Holly grow up had 'all been stolen from me' The mother-of-one now attends a dementia support group five days a week. Her mother, Moira, is hoping to raise £2,000 to send her daughter to a specialist clinic.
Experts said training was 'heavily geared' towards young people, leaving older workers vulnerable. Research showed over-55s had same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24. Majority of older workers did not believe better computer skills would help them in current job. A third of over 55s cited their age as reason for not wanting to take new qualification.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was put to death by lethal injection Thursday night in Texas. Sprouse was convicted of the 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno, 38. In his final statement shortly before he was killed, Sprouse said; 'I would like to apologize to my family for all of the trouble I have caused them' He died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the fifth inmate to be executed this year in Texas, the nation's most active death penalty state.
The Shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in Tulun, Russia. The family is hoping to find a new home for the hand-reared bear and has posted adverts on the internet. Wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home.
Footage has surfaced of a crowd of street racers threatening the police officers who rescued their friends from a serious crash. Body cam vision shows the officers saving several victims from inside a flipped Holden Commodore despite the threat of smouldering flames on the car. A 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences after he flipped the vehicle on Saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck. Police allege the driver Zayne Robert Dalton, 20, was doing burnouts on the main road before mounting the kerb and swerving around an officer in
Anna Foord convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent, a court heard. The 30-year-old even flew to New York to shop in Fifth Avenue's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made. She was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling coloured diamonds in the £1.5m 'boiler room' scam. But they were arrested and Foord was convicted of conspiracy to defraud and money laundering. Other members of the gang admitted similar charges.
Rye Silverman, 32, is the newest star of ModCloth's Fashion Truth campaign. The Los Angeles-based writer and comedian came out as a transgender when she was 27. She says that 'living an honest life' is the most important thing to her, and that she enjoys experimenting with her sense of style.
Lorraine Valentine, 42, suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP) It causes her skin to burn and become itchy when exposed to sunlight or UV light. A holiday abroad left the mother-of-four in hospital for six days, as the heat caused her entire body to swell. Her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered, as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain. She is desperate for a drug that can help her as temperatures in the UK are set to soar.
The key is to maintain an even balance of 'energy in' and 'energy out' This means that the energy we put into our bodies through food and drink must be equated with exercise to burn the energy and avoid gaining weight. A small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off. One medium chocolate bunny takes two and a half to three hours of kayaking with women needing to paddle for half an hour longer than men to work it off.
Ronald Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for support in event of alien invasion. The former US President was said to be obsessed with science fiction films like Close Encounters. In 1985 he asked Soviet leader for help to 'fight the alien invader' at peace summit. Reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of high school students. His advisers removed any mention of aliens from his speeches after his return to the US. Warning revealed in new book which examines extent to which Americans believed in aliens.
Gina Maria Schumacher, 17, took part in NRHA European Futurity Horse Show in Kreuth. Dressed in cowboy-style outfits and a brown stetson hat, she rode a number of horses. She is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament on Saturday evening. Comes just days after her 16-year-old brother Mick returned to the racing circuit. He was involved in a 100mph crash at the Lausitzring speedway in eastern Germany.
Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to a baby boy or girl later this week. New arrival will spend first few weeks at Anmer Hall in Norfolk, dubbed 'Fortress Anmer' Carole Middleton has already organised a Beatrix Potter theme for the nursery. Kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to the country home a couple of weeks ago. Annie Sloan has supplied three feminine paint samples for the new baby's nursery.
Kieron Power, 54, was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by two police cars in Kingston. He was stopped under the Prevention of Terrorism Act after taking pictures of police cars. Mr Power's wife had been given a £110 ticket for parking in the same place for 45 seconds. A week later he went back to gather evidence of police vehicles parked at bus stop.
Geraldine Schultz, 67, died when tornado struck home in Fairdale, Illinois, last week. Her husband, Clem, was also killed in the collapse of their home in the town of Harvard. Photograph showing her alongside her husband was taken in 1980 for church directory. Harvard resident Alyssa Murray found it 35 miles away in the wake of the powerful storm. She posted a picture of it on Facebook, which led to it being claimed by the family.
Homes in China are known as 'dingzihu' or 'nail houses' because they stick out and are difficult to remove. One house in Wenling, Zhejiang province, had a main road built around it when the owner refused to move. Another image shows a house sitting alone in a crater at the centre of a construction site.
Mary Kay Letourneau, 53, and her husband, Vili Fualaau, 31, will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with Barbara Walters on '20/20' The former Seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with her student-turned-lover when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student. She served a seven-year prison term for the relationship, they married and now have two children together. Letourneau will also talk about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap.
This is according to marks found on the fossils of two adults and a child unearthed in France. Similar marks have been seen at other Neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives. But 'there is no evidence of cuts or traces of carnivores' teeth,' the researcher insists. Neanderthals may have eaten recently deceased friends and family either for food or in bizarre funeral rituals.
Alison Sharland, 47, accepted £10.35m settlement from ex-husband Charles, 54, in 2010. She thought it was half her husband's AppSense fortune, which he founded in 1999. But firm AppSense was valued wildly higher, and his stake was said to be worth £132m. Court of Appeal found that Mr Sharland had deliberately hidden information and lied to the court. He did not dispute that he misled his ex-wife but she refused to appeal the settlement.
Cheryl Rios, who runs the company Go Ape Marketing, posted her views on her Facebook page on Sunday after Hillary Clinton announced that she was going to run for president. 'With the hormones we have, there is no way [a woman] should be able to start a war,' she wrote in her post. Rios' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling Rios a misogynist and a hypocrite.
Audrey Pekin, 19, has detailed the alleged rape and attack she suffered while on a Christmas holiday to Bali with her family. She says she was attacked by a man, Henry Alafu, who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home. Alafu allegedly locked the door to the house and forced her to the bed where he allegedly raped her. Ms Peksin then tried to escape in a taxi, but he forced his way into the back of the vehicle and raped her again. The 19-year-old
Brianne Altice, 35, was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students. In March, one of the alleged victims brought a $647,000 lawsuit against the Utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the 'flirtatious' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him. The latest lawsuit, filed last week, describes how Altice began flirting with the student, then 16, and other boys in her class. Court documents state
Glen Walford, 75, has been embroiled in a legal battle with Worcestershire County Council. Her mother Mary moved to a care home in 2006 and the theatre director intended to retire there. Council said her home would not be taken into account when means testing her mother's finances. But in 2013 they reversed their decision and said she would need to contribute towards bills. The High Court and Court of Appeal ruled in favour of the council in January. Now a judge has ruled that the house was not her home at the time of care home move. Worcesters
Lee Keeley, 38, grabbed woman and hit her head against wall at Lincoln County Court. He then chased her round courtroom and tore out clumps of her hair after losing temper. Keeley launched chair at his ex-girlfriend before he started attacking her and barristers had to step in. Victim suffered cut to right ear, bruising and swelling to the ear, grazed cheek and bruised ribs. Defendant was jailed for two years and given indefinite restraining order.
Tool locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' It works with all Android phones that have the latest Google app installed. It appears to only work when you're signed into your Google account on Chrome. The same Google account must be signed into on the phone. A map appears as the first result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity. Phone's location is then pinpointed and clicking 'Ring' will remotely call the handset. Google's tool can't lock the missing phone, or erase its data.
Dawn Williamson, 39, from Scotland, could not even confront a plastic snake without panicking. She would obsessively check her toilet for snakes every day and was hooked up to a heart monitor. Therapists Nik and Eva Speakman used no-nonsense approach to break down her phobia. Dawn was able to touch a real-life Burmese python and scribble the word'snake' on a piece of paper.
The 5-foot-5, 95-pound actress posed with a lime-green Challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on CNN's iReport. In the interview, which has since been taken down, the model and actress gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like Fast & Furious 7. Ms Lafontaine then talked about the filming process, saying she did most of her driving in the desert and that her record speed on the shoot was 140mph. A stunt supervisor on Furious 7 said she worked as an
Andrew Steele, 40, has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last August of his wife, 39-year-old Ashlee Steele, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38. Steele, a former Dane County deputy, was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last June. On Day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial, Dr Doug Tucker testified that a rambling note Steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional. Tucker said that was the reason Steele killed the two and that
The House In The Sea can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge. Interiors are a sleek mix of sleek neutrals and modern design, with panoramic sea views. The house can be booked in advance, with prices reaching £3,000 per couple for a week's stay.
Roxy Walsh found the ring while snorkelling at Finns Beach Club in Bali. The ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message: Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009, Love Jenny The Facebook message has already been shared an astonishing 23 thousand times.
Marie Surprenant was eight-months-old when she was admitted to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta hospital with 14 fractures, bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic. She was placed in foster care after her mother's boyfriend and her biological mother were arrested and she was adopted. Marie wrote a heartwrenching open letter to her social workers and detectives thanking them for investigating her case and placing her in a happy home where she is loved. Her adoptive mother Michele, who is also a social worker, said that Marie is 'living proof that social work works'
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been seriously injured and is no longer in control of Isis. He was wounded by an attack from the US-led coalition in March in Nineveh, Iraq. At first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low, but he pulled through. But he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted naming a new leader.
71% of voters say they have no need to know about spouses or offspring, poll reveals. Only 25% believe it is important to get to know party leaders families, ComRes poll shows. Findings may come as a shock to Ed Miliband, David Cameron and Nick Clegg. They have all invited TV cameras into their homes and given wives prominent campaign roles.
Buddhist monk Wu Yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998. Now 17 years on, his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible. His disciples placed his body in the lotus position and sealed it inside a large porcelain vase. The body was later taken out and placed beneath a crystal glass cover in a display case.
humanoid robot, named Aiko Chihira, is set to start work at the information desk of a department store in Tokyo. It will offer six-minute guidance to customers with information about the store including events. Chihira blinks, bows and moves its mouth and lips smoothly while speaking. The robot's appearance wasn't modeled on any specific person but was designed to give a friendly impression, according to Toshiba.
Christopher Flowers, 84, was driving along Chili Avenue, in Rochester, NY. Dropped lit cigarette into shirt, causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames. He immediately pulled over and tried to extract burning cigarette from his top, but it was too late. Windy conditions at time fanned flames so much that they engulfed entire torso. Good Samaritans rushed Flowers to hospital, where he was listed in guarded condition. But on Sunday, hospital officials announced retired marine had passed away from burns.
Jack Mascitelli, from Victoria, stripped naked and ran through the streets of Byron Bay to win a free kebab. The 18-year-old accidentally ran past a group of police officers during schoolies week. He was found hiding in a nearby kebabs and fined $500 for offensive behaviour. In court, he was labelled a 'goose' by a deputy chief magistrate who called his actions 'embarrassing' The court did not record a conviction and said he was apologetic.
Corry 'Corey' Campbell, 21, was the ringleader of a gang dubbed the 'tattoo terrorists' Campbell, his girlfriend Sandra Ng, 19, and friend Carl Halin, 18, cornered Greg Valecce in the basement and took turns punching, slapping and spitting on him. While restrained Campbell tattooed 'RIP Pebbles' on his right arm along with a smiley face that had breasts for eyes and a penis for a nose. Halin then took over the tattoo gun and inked swastikas, Stars of David, two variations of the N-word and
Jamie Pettingill was found guilty of stealing six mobile phones. The 26-year-old threatened to slice off a schoolboy's face with a knife. Pettingill robbed two women, a man and two schoolboys of their phones, and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family. He was ordered to pay more than $5000 in compensation for the mobile phones he had stolen, and was banned from entering gaming venues. Judge Sandra Davis decided against jail time, due to fears his surname would bring unwanted attention and interfere with his rehabilitation. Trevor Pet
Ranette Afonso, 42, will marry Marko Conte, 30, this October after they fell head over wheels in love. They met after he crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return. After the accident, the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly. On their third date, just two months after the smash, Marko surprised Ranette by asking her to marry him. The happy pair, from Edmonton Green, north London, were engaged two months later.
Jessica Brown was on her way to hospital with her husband, Zakk Satterley, when the couple realized, in standstill traffic, they weren't going to make it. Fortunately there was a nurse also stuck in the gridlock, sitting in her car nearby, who was able to run over and help deliver the little boy, Arley, safely. It was bumper-to-bumper all up the I-65 in Louisville for President Obama's visit to the city to tour a technology plant.
Temperatures in the South are forecast to reach 24C (75F) today and 25C (77F) tomorrow, surpassing the highest seen so far this year, the 21.9C (71.4F) recorded in London on Friday. The delightful weather, caused by warm air blowing up from the Azores, is creating conditions we might usually experience in July or August. Britons are so confident of a scorching summer that bookmakers are receiving tens of thousands in bets on this year breaking records.
Kyle Seitz, 37, received two years of conditional release, a sentence similar to probation, at the hearing in Danbury Superior Court Thursday. Authorities say Seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son, Benjamin, to day care on the morning of July 7, 2014, and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to work. Benjamin died as a result of hyperthermia due to environmental exposure. Seitz pleaded guilty March 10 to criminally negligent homicide under an Alford plea, in which he did not admit guilt but agreed the prosecution had enough evidence to convict him
Teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils. Dis indiscipline is a'significant problem' with teachers sworn at, kicked and punched. Last year staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs, brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children's throats. Revelations made at teachers' union NASUWTs annual conference in Cardiff today.
Chaos: Caught on camera premieres on Science Channel on Monday, April 13. The adrenaline-filled program dispenses with onscreen experts to focus exclusively on the raw footage, giving viewers a very intense experience as if they're actually there in the disaster-zone. Each natural or man-made occurrence is then deconstructed with graphics, illustrating and explaining the incredible facts behind each freak catastrophe.
Koral Reef, 20, was a blushing bride in July 2013 as she wed her high school sweetheart Corey Pier in Temecula, California. She began to show worsening symptoms like headaches, fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later. A scan of her brain in September revealed what doctors first thought might be cancer. A test revealed it was Balamuthia mandrillaris. Within weeks, half her body was paralyzed and she stopped responding to her family. Reef died October 20. Her mother, Sybil Meister, is on a mission to educate the world about
Dr Nadeem Azeez, 52, is thought to be in Pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter. Frances Cappuccini, 30, died within hours of her second sons birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood. Lawyers said her death might have been avoided if doctors had not persuaded her to change her birth plan.
Dmitry Kaminskiy is a senior partner of Hong Kong-based firm, Deep Knowledge Ventures. He is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of'supercenternarians' He says stem cells, tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 - an age that has been quoted as the'real absolute limit to human lifespan' French born Jeanne Calment currently holds the record, having lived to age 122.5. She died in 1997.
The federal government will be investing $4.1 million on a TV drama which is set to broadcast overseas. The telemovie will be shown in countries such as Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan later in the year, urging asylum seekers not to trust people smugglers. It will reportedly have a story-line which involves the Australian Navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea. This comes as Prime Minister Tony Abbott stated that only the Coalition would be able to stop asylum seeker boats.
Emerson Decarvalho, 38, charged with assault with a deadly weapon. Cyclist was allegedly knocked unconscious and taken to hospital. Incident took place in busy Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco. Uber drivers must be 18 years old to join the service and agree to terms.
Jesus Salas Aguayo, also known as 'The Liquidator', was arrested on Friday. The former gun for hire and Jarez Cartel boss was known for his brutal methods. Charged with multiple felonies including homicide and arms trafficking. Mexican authorities link over twenty deaths directly to The Liquidator, including the 2009 murder of a state witness in El Paso.
Thierry Fremaux said the 'ridiculous and grotesque' pictures slowed down the event. He said he did not have the power to ban the pictures, but urged stars to resist temptation. Cate Blanchett and Michael Fassbender among stars who will have to watch their selfies. 17 films will be competing for prizes at the May 13-24 festival, chosen from more than 1,800 submissions.
London has at least 425 marketing staff and press officers working across local authorities. It is four times more than the entire editorial staff at the Evening Standard. Nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each. Manchester City Council was the worst offender for its size with 77 individuals working for it in PR.
Michelle O'Clee, 39, was cruelly duped by bigamist husband Andrew, 36, for six years. He explained away his long absences with web of lies involving secret safe houses, witness protection, police escorts and serious fraud. It was not until pictures of him doing ice bucket challenge with new bride were spotted on Facebook that the awful truth emerged. Michelle said: 'In my head it was like dominoes  flashbacks of everything and it all made sense' She said: This was a man I loved and trusted for 14 years. Iý
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. The married mother of two and her husband and their two sons were flying from Hawaii to San Jose, California when they were kicked off the flight. Sedway posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. Alaska Airlines later apologized to the family for mishandling the situation.
Richard Williams, 54, spent £50,000 turning a canal narrowboat into a replica German WWII submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope. His ex-wife Laurel Howarth, 28, was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs of £1,017,505. Judge Michael Murray told Williams: 'This was serious offending. It was carefully thought out, organised and planned over a long period of time. All the indications are the money was squandered'
Maria Twomey, 42, of Watford, was 12st 7lb and was wearing size 14 clothes. By 40, she found fitting seatbelts were getting more and more uncomfortable. She swapped takeaways for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike. Slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lbs and reduced her body fat percentage from 38% to 15%.
Video was taken of a routine skydive in Everöd, Sweden and recorded on the helmet of one of the divers. It shows the moment the camera becomes detached from the helmet and falls to the ground. Remarkably, the camera remains intact despite falling from the great height. The camera was discovered by Kristoffer Örstadius's father in a meadow in Gringelstad.
Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust paid nurse £2,200 for one 12-hour shift. Figure equates to £183 an hour and represents double rate for a neurologist. Freedom of Information request revealed 47 agency nurses working at the trust in December. NHS spending on temporary staff has rocketed to £2.5 billion a year due to shortage of trained nurses. Spokesman for trust said figure includes VAT, adding true figure was £1,864.
Arman Nejad, 23, dragged the teenager into his house and abused her in 2009. Victim, now 18, went to police in 2010 and was interviewed by officers who then mysteriously dropped the case. Three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved. Detectives then arrested and charged Nejad with rape and he was jailed for five years. Greater Manchester Police admitted 'unacceptable delays and failures' allowed him to live as a free man.
Karen Catherall, 45, was beaten and strangled to death by Darren Jeffreys, 47. She had been drinking in the pub with Jeffreys before he followed her home and attacked her. Police told her family she had made a 999 call from her mobile just hours before her death. But call handler said they could not hear anything and did not connect the call to the police. Her family are calling on BT to review their procedures and answer questions about the call.
Jamelia, 34, said obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their size. Argued that high street stores should not be catering for people larger than a size 20. Panellist said she was 'hounded on Twitter' after airing her views on ITV show. Now insists she was only referring to people above and below size 20 and below six. Also argued that clothing shouldn't be sold in a size zero either, because that too is 'unhealthy' Viewers were enraged by her comments and vented on Twitter, with many declaring she should be'sacked'
Craig and Jemma Edwards got married at Bristol Children's Hospital. Five-year-old Corey is suffering from a terminal congenital heart defect and may not live long. His parents wanted to fulfil his dying wish by tying the knot at his bedside. They had to get permission from the Archbishop of Canterbury to marry at the hospital. The law allows couples to marry in hospital if one of them is desperately ill.
Walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat, from Sydney, picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner's cup of Tetley's tea. The bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks, sipping on tea and eating snacks. Since Walter acquired the unusual taste, all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage, which has been nicknamed 'a hug in a cup' A video of Walter sipping from a cup of tea, posted by fellow bat-loving
The photos were shot by Linden Gledhill from Staffordshire, who combines his love of photography with a PhD in biochemistry. The 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the butterfly's wing pattern. As well as the beautiful colours, they show the layout of individual scales, which give the insect its iridescence. Some look like exotic bird feathers, while others resemble autumnal leaves that change colour at the outer edges. Butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers, which gives them their Greek
Experts say snacking is an important way to control hunger and provide essential nutrients. Femail has worked with dietitian Lucy Jones from The Almond Board of California to study snacking habits. She identified three tribes of snackers: Snack Amnesiacs, Situational Snackers and Super Snackers. Take our quiz to find out just what sort of snacker you are.
Archaeologists from Stony Brook University in New York have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils just west of Lake Turkana in Kenya. Stone tools were discovered buried in sediment along the west coast of the lake. Each stone showed distinctive patterns that suggest they had been struck and shaped by human ancestors. Discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution. It means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first'man'
Shanna McCormick, 31, weighed 28st and feared she would not live to see her wedding day. Doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she didn't slim down. Her partner of 14 years, Dan Dimmock, was terrified she would die in her sleep. She decided to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan and lost 16.5st in two years. Now, the couple are engaged to be married and have bought a house together.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, 'walked into Wayne County Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina on Monday and shot his former supervisor, Ronald Lane, 44, before fleeing on a motorbike' He was arrested 500 miles away in Daytona Beach, Florida on Tuesday and will be extradited back to North Carolina to face a charge of open murder. On Tuesday, he appeared relaxed in court and, despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent, he admitted to the killing in an obscenity-laced statement. He said Lane had been'm
Liana Barrientos, 39, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam. One of the men she married was deported back to Pakistan in 2006 after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force. Barrientos married men from Egypt, Bangladesh, Turkey, Czechoslovakia, Pakistan, Mali and Georgia - countries that were'red flags' for immigration. All of her marriages took place in New York state, allegedly starting in 1999
Mother-of-two Gemma, 23, has two children under five by two different fathers. Gemma handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother Debbie when they were four months old. Debbie, who stepped in to care for the children after social services threatened to take them away, says her daughter's constant drinking and partying is getting out of hand. She also claims that Gemma stole an iPad from one of the children and sold it to fund her party lifestyle.
Harriet Harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year in order to help with childcare. She said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families. Research suggests 1.9 million grandparents have given up a job, reduced their hours, or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren.
Margaret Tyler, 71, is an avid collector of royal memorabilia worth more than £10,000. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008. Mrs Tyler gave birth to her son Andrew at the Lindo Wing and spent six days waiting for him to arrive. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth on the 25th April.
Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito were found guilty of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher in Perugia, Italy. The 27-year-old was sentenced to 26 years in prison, but was acquitted in 2011. In January 2014, the Italian courts overturned that acquittal and reinstated the guilty verdict. However, the case ultimately went to the Supreme Court and their conviction was overturned in March. Her biographer, Douglas Preston, tells RadarOnline that Knox is suffering from PTSD and is seeking professional help. Preston says
Lalit Verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as Shiva. Stolen items were found in boy's bag at Dwarika Prasad School in Railamau village, India. Alleged beating was so severe that child complained of stomach ache and vomiting blood. Verman charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and detained for questioning.
Activated charcoal is thought to act as a 'detox' Freekeh is a young green wheat which is roasted to remove the husks. Fermented foods, including pickled cabbage, act as probiotic. Coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid. Quinoa is so last year& this new grain on the block.
Tori Spelling tripped and fell onto a hot grill at Benihana's Japanese restaurant in Encino, California on Easter Sunday. She was rushed to the Grossman Burn Center where doctors determined she needed skin grafts. The 41-year-old 90210 star has had a tough time these past few years after discovering her husband of nine years, actor Dean McDermott, cheated on her, and the painful journey to mend their marriage.
Justine Miliband said she fell in love with her husband Ed after she was bitten by a Doberman. The 44-year-old said she thought he was 'good looking' and 'unattached' when they met. But she was 'furious' when he failed to tell her he was in a relationship on their first date. Labour leader was secretly going out with the woman who had invited them to dinner. Mrs Miliband said they had 'nothing in common' and he bore her with economics talk. She said: 'I was furious. He wanted to talk about economics
Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court charged with murder. He is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice, it has emerged. Pacteau made no plea and was remanded in custody until next week for a full hearing. Karen Buckley's body was found on a farm six miles north of her home in Glasgow this week. She went missing after a night out at Sanctuary nightclub in the city on Saturday.
Jamie Oliver's company says influential vloggers should be aware of adverts. Zoella, 25, and boyfriend Alfie Deyes, 21, should be more aware of what they promote. Jamie Oliver is an advocate for healthy eating. Vloggers are unlikely to have control over which adverts appear next to their posts. Comes after investigation found 30-second adverts for junk food and gambling sites.
Muslim Engagement and Development (Mend) said to have boasted they can influence up to 30 seats at the General Election. The group wants to let British Muslims fight in Syria without fear of prosecution. It has bragged that it is in talks with both the Conservatives and Labour. At least one election candidate said to be offered campaign money in return for back the group's 'Muslim Manifesto'
Greg Scott, 51, a basketball coach at Cass High School in Georgia, was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia, a type of blood cancer, on Monday. The married father of two and grandfather died Wednesday morning at Northside Hospital in Bartow County, Georgia. For the past eight years, Scott had taught special education and social studies at the school and was the school's head basketball coach.
Wanquan Castle in China's northern Hebei province was known as the Ming Dynasty's 'Martial City' The fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading Mongolian armies. It measures two kilometres in circumference and was protected by an imposing 12-metre wall. Now archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty site. The project will see the restoration of the fortress' dilapidated outer wall.
Andy Jordan from Made In Chelsea lives in one of the most exclusive postcodes in London. Says he often packs the bare minimum and enjoys staying in the odd Travelodge. His favourite place to stay is the Tryall Club in Jamaica's Montego Bay. If he could pick anywhere in the world to busk for a day it would be Union Square in New York.
The New Jersey Democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with Dr Salomon Melgen, 60. Indictment unsealed this month details how Menendez helped Melgen bring at least three mistresses to the U.S. on visas. The visas included Brazilian model Juliana Lopes Leite, Ukrainian model Svitlana Buchyk and Ukrainian actress Lana Moyzuk. Menendez and Melgen met at a fundraiser in 1993, shortly after Menendez was elected to the Senate. Melgen has also been charged in the indictment, in addition to other
Alessandra Ambrosio, 34, was treated at the Ronald Reagan center of UCLA hospital in Los Angeles on Tuesday. She had been suffering 'constant headaches' for two weeks. The supermodel was seen partying at the Coachella festival in California on Sunday.
Na Chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother locked her in the house. Five-year-old ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats. Neighbours used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating. Others supported her feet before firemen arrived - half an hour later.
Siyanda Ngwenya, known as Adams, allegedly attacked female contestant while she was asleep. The pair were last seen on TV kissing and cuddling in bed before cameras moved away. Ngwenya reportedly boasted to housemates the next day that he had sex with the woman. Alleged victim reportedly told female contestants she did not consent to having sex. Mzansi Magic, which airs Big Brother, said both contestants have been expelled.
Ashy Bines is being chased by the tax office over debts due almost 12 months ago. The debts, which were due last May, include income and tax, a fine and $295,955 worth of interest. Court documents show tax office launched action in November and has since lodged an application to close down ABBBC Pty Ltd - the company behind Ms Bines' bikini body challenge program. Ms Bines and her husband Steven Evans reportedly sold their shares in ABBBC to Platinum Investment Group - a second company they are members and shareholders of.
Chris Greenwood and his family stayed at Camping La Chapelle in Argeles-sur-Mer, France. They stayed in a Vista three-bedroom mobile home, complete with a gas-fired barbecue. Multiple swimming pools, a kids club, swings and a bakery kept the Greenwoods busy. The kids club was run by a small team of dedicated and enthusiastic couriers.
Aboriginal Model Management Australia is an exclusively Aboriginal modelling agency. Founder Kira-Lea Dargin hopes to see 10 of her girls at next year's fashion week. Samantha Harris is the most famous indigenous face on the catwalk. Dargin is finding the mid-market range of big family chain stores such as Bonds, Target and Big W are particularly interested in hiring Aboriginal models for their catalogue campaigns. The agency is holding a casting call in Brisbane tomorrow.
Toddler Viktoria Charkley's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father. Shot by adoring dad, Barles Charkly on the site, who is based in Baltimore, Maryland. Video stars toddler as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of Simba the lion's father, Mufasa. Brief video has so far garnered more than four million views on Facebook.
Western Lowland Gorillas were born at Bronx Zoo on January 17 and 19. Eldest of the pair was delivered on Jan 17, while the younger arrived just 48 hours later. Keepers have yet to learn their genders, so they haven't been named yet. Pictured riding on their mothers' backs, or cuddling up in their arms as they explore their new home.
Ironman actor promised to fly a winner and a friend to Los Angeles. Offer also includes a gown or tuxedo fitting and a helicopter ride. Raised money for children's hospice Julia's House in Dorset. Charity will now use the money to build a new hospice in Wiltshire.
Pennie Davis, 47, was found dead by her husband in a New Forest field last year. She was stabbed 13 times as she tended her horses in a farm paddock near Beaulieu, Hampshire. Her son Benjamin Carr, 22, harboured a burning hatred of the mother-of-five. He ordered fellow drug dealer Justin Robertson, 36, to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls eight years earlier. Both men were jailed for life after a jury convicted them of murder and conspiracy to murder.
The collision happened about 3pm on Norfolk Southern Railway tracks near downtown Meridian, Mississippi. Lauderdale County Coroner Clayton Cobler said he was withholding the 57-year-old woman's name until all family members had been notified. The coroner said the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers and collided with the southbound Amtrak Crescent. No one else was in the vehicle.
Daily Mirror published sensational pictures of raiders 21 hours before Met released them. Tabloid claims it handed them to police, who were 'delighted', according to report. But yesterday detectives insisted they already had the CCTV footage, which they claim was recovered 'at the earliest opportunity' Former Flying Squad chief John O'Connor said: 'I've never heard of anything like this'
Google is said to be in talks with Hutchison Whampoa, the owner of the Three network. Industry sources said the firms are discussing a wholesale access agreement This would let Google users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost. Customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls, send texts and use data as part of their plan, regardless of where in the world they are. Three already offers a similar scheme called Feel at Home that lets customers use their phones and their plans in 18 countries.
Star Wars: Rogue One, starring Felicity Jones, is slated for release in December 2016. The film is set chronologically between the third and the fourth movies in the 'Star Wars' saga. It will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope' The idea for the film came from award-winning visual effects artist John Knoll, who pitched the idea internally before bringing it to Kathleen Kennedy and Lucasfilm's Kiri Hart.
Wine experts at Jacob's Creek have created a guide to matching wine with snacks. A Riesling is the perfect companion to a sausage roll and Chardonnay works with wasabi peas. Shiraz is best for a margherita and Cabernet Sauvignon works with pizza toppings. Merlot is the best glass to compliment a box of chocolates.
Tom Richards, 25, was arrested yesterday morning in Swansea. He was held in a cell for 11 hours before being bailed at 7pm. Comes after Danniella Westbrook, 41, accused him of violence online. She posted a photograph on Twitter of her bruised hand. The pair split in November after spending months together in California. Richards has vehemently denied the allegations against him.
The video was shot by Australian tourist Dirk Nienaber on a hot day in Bali, Indonesia. It shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle. The primate then stands the bottle up on its side and casually unscrews the cap with its left hand. Tilting its head back, the monkey begins gulping down the liquid, spilling very little.
Victim was walking in subway underneath road in Newbury, Berkshire, on Easter Monday. Two boys, aged 12 to 13, approached him and sprayed highly flammable WD40 over him. They then threatened to set him alight with a lighter in 'unprovoked' attack. Victim sustained minor injuries but did not require hospital treatment. Police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight.
Luke Brett Moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception. The 27-year-old Goulburn man was able to overdraw $2.189 million over three years from his St George Bank. He dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items. His haul included a Maserati, an Alfa Romeo, a power boat, a Michael Jackson autograph, a signed photograph of the Top Gear hosts and numerous paintings. Moore will be sentenced on Friday in a Sydney court.
Johnny Manziel was spotted at a Texas Rangers game Tuesday night days after leaving rehab. He was joined by his girlfriend Colleen Crowley and sipped water throughout the night. Manziel checked into a facility on January 28 after stating that he wanted to 'be a better family member, friend and teammate' This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Paul Monk, 54, from Essex, was wanted by Spanish police for questioning over kidnap and murder of Francis Brennan. Monk's badly decomposed body washed up on a Costa Blanca beach in March last year. He was also wanted by the Metropolitan Police on drug offences and named on a list of fugitives as part of the National Crime Agency's Operation Captura campaign. The fugitive was detained at a four-bedroom property in Javea near Alicante as he directed workers laying a marble patio around his swimming pool. An imitation firearm with a silencer and nearly £100,000 in
Felicity Waterford was waiting for her daughter at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music when she saw John Howard's car had a flat tyre. The former Prime Minister was photographed standing on the footpath as his driver changed it. It comes just weeks after Liberal MP Christopher Pyne was challenged to change a tyre on national television after boasting he was a 'fixer' The Education Minister jacked up Sylvia Jeffrey's car after being tested by host Karl Stefanovic.
Cuomo is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the December announcement that the US and Cuba would restore diplomatic relations. Cuomo met with Cuba's top officials for U.S. relations along with executives from Jetblue, MasterCard, Pfizer and other New York-based companies. The purpose of his visit was to see what can be done now and look to the future should full trade be restored.
Filmmaker Michael König from Cologne, Germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity. It was made by stitching together footage from Nasa's Solar Dynamics Observatory over five years. Highlights include large, bright tendrils extending outward from the suns surface and crashing down again. Another incredible part of the video shows coronal rain streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the surface. Transits of the moon, Venus and Earth across the sun, as observed from the SDO, are also seen. Comet Lovejoy can be seen passing the
Ukip leader Nigel Farage met Hungarian Ivan Loncsarevity at hinge factory in Essex. The 62-year-old has lived in Colchester for five years after travelling to the UK for work. But he could not answer Farage's questions as he does not speak any English. Farage's immigration policy has been shrouded in confusion for weeks. He wants an Australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed to work in the UK.
Fulton County Judge Jerry Baxter urged the defendants during the sentencing hearing on Monday to accept deals with the prosecution. He also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals. 'I've got a fair sentence in my mind and it involves going to jail for everybody,' said Baxter. A total of 35 Atlanta educators were indicted in March 2013 on charges including racketeering, making false statements and theft. The jury acquitted one of the 12 former educators who had been on trial and convicted the other 11 on a racketeering charge.
The Queen's Guard slipped on a manhole cover during the Changing of the Guard. He lost his footing and slid sideways, knocking his bearskin on the side of the box. Embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past. Tourist David Meadwell recorded the incident outside Buckingham Palace on Thursday.
Kevin Carr set off from Haytor, on Dartmoor in Devon in July 2013. Every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day. The 35-year-old barman is just 24 hours away from completing his journey in record time. He is expected to complete his journey tomorrow - beating the previous record by 24 hours. Mr Carr has travelled though 26 countries, across Europe, Australia, New Zealand and North and South America.
The British Army fired 46 million bullets at the Taliban during the eight-year conflict. 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either the standard SA-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun. A further 55,000, 30mm rounds from Apache gunships were fired at Taliban positions. Soldiers went through an estimated £5,000 worth of ammunition every day during the conflict.
Seven minute video shows militants smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year-old city of Hatra. Militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars. They are also filmed blasting Kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the UNESCO World Heritage site. The fanatics claim ancient relics are 'false idols' that violate their fundamentalist interpretation of Islamic law. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon has called the act 'a war crime'
US researchers examined effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged 18-40. Half were given sugary drinks at breakfast, lunch and dinner over 12 days. Other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame. Volunteers were given a difficult maths test and then underwent MRI scans. Women who had been drinking sugary beverages released less cortisol during the maths test than those given the drinks. Dr Kevin Laugero, one of the researchers at University of California, Davis, said: This is the first evidence that high sugar consumption  but not aspartAME  may
The Sutton Arms in Stockton-on-Tees was found to have poor food hygiene standards. Owner Michael Alan Flegg, 68, pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences. 24 people suffered gastroenteritis and six had Clostridium perfringens - a common cause of food poisoning. Food was past sell-by date and food storage containers were not kept in good condition.
Actor, 61, insists church is targeted 'because it's not understood' Says it has been a support system for his family for four decades. 'I've saved lives with it and saved my own life several times,' he said. Comes amid claims church elders have 'blackmail file' of 'damaging material' from auditors. But he insists: 'I've loved every minute of it' and urges critics to read a book.
Aspiring model Ellia Beasley, 22, had the lyrics'scream your heart out' tattooed on her belly. Lost Prophet singer Ian Watkins was later exposed as a serial paedophile. She was shocked when she heard about his depraved crimes and hated the tattoo. Tattoo artist Kevin Paul was able to cover the line with a giant owl design.
Lord Macdonald QC says local CPS lawyers in Leicestershire made decision not to prosecute. He was DPP between 2003 and 2008 and said new evidence was not passed to him. Janner, now 86, escaped prosecution for eight years until he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Alleged victims say he preyed on young boys at care homes near Leicester West constituency. CPS said he is unfit to stand trial because he has Alzheimer's and cannot speak fluently.
The Amsterdam Falafel Shop in Washington DC, US, is the first restaurant to do so. Menu pairs five falafel toppings with five strains of marijuana. This is strictly a take-away operation as you can't smoke on the premises.
Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel lingerie campaign has been applauded for featuring plus-size women of different sizes in lingerie. Amanda Richards, a New York-based writer who is size 18, says the ads don't show women of all sizes, but rather a subset of overweight women who still have 'correct' proportions.
Joel Parker, 33, was about to get off the Sunshine Bus in St Johns County on Wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a Snickers bar. When the driver declined the offering, Parker threw the candy bar at his head instead, police said. The driver was not injured but called the police and Parker was arrested for battery.
Sergeant Dan Urman's father Eitan Urman was invited to drop the puck before the Arizona Coyotes game against the Anaheim Ducks on Saturday. Eitan and his wife Ronit, of Scottsdale, Arizona, had been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years. When they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them, their son Dan ran out on to the ice. Dan told Daily Mail Online that he has been planning to surprise his family since he left in November. He was supposed to return to the states in mid-May or June, but contacted a rep from the Coyotes
The maker of Clorox bleach and other products says it was attempting a humorous reference to other emoji symbols for objects like toilets and bathtubs that people use to clean. The corporate Twitter post hit a nerve when news reports and online discussions were focusing on the new collection of racially diverse faces that have been added to the symbols people can use in emails and text messages. Clorox later tried to make amends with another post that said, 'Wish we could bleach away our last tweet. Didn't mean to offend'
Homestay.com lists options for single people, couples and families in cities, established holiday areas or farther afield. Onefinestay offers posh private apartments in some of the worlds most glamorous cities while the owners are out of town. A thorough search of Airbnb will yield yurts in Mongolia, castles in the Alps, treehouses in New England and igloos in the Canadian Arctic.
Joanne Whitehouse, 44, applied for daughter Alice to go to St John Fisher's RC Primary School. Her sons Joel, nine, Harri, seven, and Ollie, six, already attend the school in Middleton. She believed there would be 'no issue' with her daughter gaining a place at the school. But she was left 'devastated' when she found out her daughter won't be able to go there. Alice will now have to attend Middleton Parish CofE Primary School instead. Ms Whitehouse is planning to appeal Rochdale Council's
Joseph T. Brennan Jr. of Norwell, Massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials. Police searched the home after an incident Saturday night where Brennan blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder. Brennan was arraigned from his hospital bed on Monday, pleading not guilty to possession of an infernal device. In addition to Brennan's home, the condo of Benjamin Young in Hingham was also found to be full of bomb-making devices. Authorities do not believe the two men had any ties to terrorism.
Each year, 300,000 people come to Salzburg to soak up the magic. Three-quarters of all tourists head to the city to visit the locations of the film. Buses emblazoned with The Sound of Music circle the city. Lady Gaga paid tribute to the film at the Oscars in February.
The Wrinkle Preventing Pillowcase has 'hydrophobic fibres that help skin retain moisture' The fibres are said to fight wrinkles like a face cream, redirecting moisture back into the skin. The $40 (£26) cloth cover - which comes with a lifetime guarantee - is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines.
Jack Andraka is just 18, yet his memoir carries a blurb from Barack Obama. His test for detecting pancreatic cancer won the top award at a prestigious international science competition in 2012. He was interviewed by CNN and the BBC, and had to fit school assignments around invitations to meet world leaders and give TED talks.
Dias Costa, 49, slashed the face, arms, and necks of the raiders. They fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood. The burglary took place in the Cerro Norte neighbourhood of Cordoba, central Argentina. All of the men are currently in intensive care.
The British interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades. Here, MailOnline Travel guides you through the decades to find the best rentals from each era. From the 1950s to the '90s, Airbnb rentals cater to decor of all tastes.
Gavin Daly, played by Pete Davidson, testified in Janet Johnson-Luna's trial. Tells court the affair lasted five 'glorious weeks' and he instigated it for extra credit. Says he gave 'thousands of high fives' when classmates found out about the affair. At the end of the scene, the witness even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand. Viewers have slammed the sketch, calling it 'gross' and a 'new low' on social media.
Vonn, 30, has had two major knee surgeries in the last few years. Woods, 39, missed last year's Masters after back surgery temporarily put his career on ice. The ski champ has come roaring back from her own terrible injuries, winning her 67th World Cup downhill skiiing championship and 18th season title.
Huw Thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that the flags were for a'simpleton' or a 'casual racist' He posted his views on a Welsh language website called Mais E during the 2006 World Cup. Mr Thomas said he made the comments as 'a young student' and he no longer held those views. In a statement he said: 'I apologise wholeheartedly for these comments'
Clinton will hold her first low-key campaign event at Kirkwood Community College's regional center in Jones County, Iowa on Tuesday. 'She's going to push some emotional thing on us,' predicted one student, 'What else is she supposed to do?' 'I didn't know Hillary Clinton was running,' said another, 'Is she running? Go ask Corey. He's up on all that stuff' One student said he suspects that Hillary and Barack Obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful Democratic voters  and he plans to ask her about it. Another said she
Rodney Todd Sr, 36, and his seven children were found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in their Princess Anne, Maryland, home Monday afternoon. Police Chief Scott Keller confirmed that seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16. Officers responded to the home in the 30500 block of Antioch Avenue after getting a call from the father's employer saying he had not shown up for work Monday morning. A gas generator in the kitchen had run out of fuel and the home had no electricity. Delmarva Power had cut off the electricity to the house because of an outstanding bill
Max is a fully grown husky-corgi cross and is looking for a new home. He has taken refuge at the Dogs Trust in Basildon, Essex, after being found as a stray. There are currently 54 other wolf-like breeds being cared for by the Trust. The Trust is in no doubt that the trend is partly due to the popularity of Game Of Thrones.
State pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week, child benefit doubled, tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent. Party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the NHS from day one, introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways. But its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a 'complete ban' on cages for hens and rabbits, an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory 'equality and diversity lessons' at school.
Jack Rowe was found face down in family's garden pool in Upavon, Wiltshire. The toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water, inquest heard. Coroner Dr Clare Balysz said she was in 'little doubt' of what had happened. She called for a change in the law to make fencing off swimming pools mandatory. Parents are now raising awareness and money for survival swimming classes for children.
Lisa and James Tuttle moved to Geldeston, Norfolk in 2005 with their five children. Their first dog Ruby kept escaping from their garden onto farmer John Cook's land. They tried to patch up holes in their garden walls and fences to stop the dogs getting out. But the dogs kept digging holes to get under the hedge and getting out of their fences. In August 2014, Mr Cook returned to say Ruby had killed 120 of his birds and if he saw her on his land again, he would shoot her. The Tuttle family's remaining dog Marley and Lily were shot dead by
Boeing 787 Dreamliner has been decorated to look like R2-D2, the small round robot. The cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels. Words 'Star Wars', in the movie's distinctive font, adorn the body of the plane. News of the aircraft comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer.
The 20-month-old prince has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo on his arm. Teasers for ITV's new puppet show show show the Duke and Duchess worrying that their son has turned out a little 'common' The plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother Kate the Commoner.
Chris Roberts, a computer security researcher, was stopped at the gate of a United Airlines flight from Colorado to San Francisco on Saturday. He was on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major security conference there this week. United Airlines made the decision not to allow him to fly 'because he had made public statements about having manipulated airfare equipment and aircraft systems' Roberts had been removed from a United flight on Wednesday by the FBI after jokingly suggesting on Twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy. All of his computer equipment, including an iPad, a MacBook
Labour received £1.9million in the week to April 5, figures have revealed. It included a £1million cheque from Unite, entrenching reliance on Len McCluskey. Since Miliband became party leader, nearly £7 in every £10 donated to Labour has come from the unions  amounting to more than £40million.
The unidentified college student is thought to be a student at Texas A&M University in College Station. She is believed to have been drinking at the country music festival Chilifest last weekend. Three police officers are said to have caught her drinking, before challenging her to a game of Rock Paper Scissors. One of the officers chose'scissors' as his option, winning her the game. The crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration, while the victor is left speechless.
Rodney Stover, 48, was arraigned on Thursday for rape, predatory sex assault and other charges for last Saturday's attack in the bathroom at the Turnmill Bar on East 27th Street. Stover allegedly grabbed the victim, a Long Island student, by the throat, forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar. NYPD released surveillance footage of Stover walking down the street, and a bartender saw him walking in Gramercy Park and recognized him from the video, so he alerted police. The ex-convict reportedly grabbed the woman by the neck and said, 'I
One in ten of us will develop a kidney stone, and the numbers are rising. They are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys. Emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up by 136 per cent. The main cause of kidney stones is dehydration.
Robert Gentile, 78, appeared in federal court in Hartford, Connecticut, on Friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent. His attorney, Ryan McGuigan, said the arrest was a ruse intended to pressure Gentile to talk about the 1990 art heist at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. Gentile has denied any knowledge of the heist and the missing work. The Gardner heist took place on the rainy night of March 18, 1990, when two men posing as police officers arrived at the museum's front door and overpowered the guards. Next morning the guards
Emma Walker, 15, from Blaby, Leicestershire, first felt the urge to lose weight after seeing pictures of celebrities in magazines and social media sites. Within months her weight had plummeted to five-and-a-half stone as the eating disorder anorexia took hold. Such was the severity of her eating disorder, the teenager was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions. Today, weighing a healthier eight stone, Emma is sharing her story to help other sufferers.
Cao Yu, 22, confronted the man in a public square in Guizhou province, south west China. The man in his twenties was holding two knives when he stabbed her in the shoulder. She continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete. Chinese social media users praised 'tough girl' Cao Yu for her incredible bravery.
William Snyder, 34, charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering. His wife's body was found in a river near their Pennsylvania home on Saturday. Kelley Jo Snyder was last seen alive on Easter Sunday when she told her family she was going to buy some sweet potatoes. Snyder allegedly sent a ransom note to a local restaurant, himself and police demanding money for her safe return.
Thief entered Lloyds bank in New Milton, Hampshire, with bandages wrapped around his face. He threatened cashier staff and ordered them to hand over cash before fleeing with'significant' amount of cash. Police say a 56-year-old man from New Milton has been arrested on suspicion of robbery.
Nic Newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18. It was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother, Christopher, who killed himself, which helped put his life back into perspective. Now, the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication - to raise awareness of mental illness.
Byron Schlenker, 47, from Syracuse, New York, has the world's widest tongue. His buds measure 8.6cm across - the same width as a beer mat and 2cm wider than an iPhone 6. Daughter Emily, 14, is not far behind at 7.3cm and hold's the record for the widest female tongue.
Hampshire police launched manhunt after Ashya King was taken from hospital. Five-year-old's parents were found in Spain but released without charge. Freedom of Information request revealed officers spent £12,712.97 overtime on search. £1406 spent on accommodation, £792 on flights and £132 on travel and parking. Patricia King, 77, said: 'It's disgusting to spend all that money when there's crime going on'
Madalina Neagu, 42, arrived at a Romanian hospital with severe pain in her abdomen. She told doctors she believed she was in labour and they prepared to operate. But after carrying out tests, they were shocked to discover she wasn't pregnant at all. Instead, she was carrying an 11lb (5kg) tumour inside her uterus. Doctors carried out emergency surgery to remove the growth and she is now recovering.
Gaioz Nigalidze was expelled from the Dubai Open Chess tournament. He was found using his phone in the middle of a match when his opponent complained. Tournament organisers found he had stored a mobile phone in a cubicle covered in toilet paper. Nigalidze denied owning the device but officials found it was logged into a social networking site.
Gordon Jack, 47, was taken to hospital when emergency services were called to Dunblane Cathedral, where Murray married Kim Sears today. Murray was feet away from the photographer yesterday when he lost his balance while taking pictures of the event. The father-of-three was found to be unconscious and was placed in a medically induced coma. He died from complications following a heart attack at Forth Valley Hospital, near Falkirk.
In its heyday, Kejonuma Leisure Land, in Tohoku, Japan, attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors per year. The once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors in 2000 due to a drop in visitors. According to Japanese folklore, the park was built next to the site of the 'pond of the ghost woman' and is said to be jinxed. Urban explorer Florian Seidel, 38, visited the site in 2014 to document the park's ongoing dereliction.
Skopelos is known as the film location for Mamma Mia! The island lies in the Sporades, east of the Greek mainland. With no airport, most people fly to Skiathos, followed by an hour's ferry ride. Wooded hillsides are punctuated with white walls topped by terracotta-tiled roofs.
Jim Ratcliffe has applied to demolish existing beach hut and build new mansion. The 62-year-old Swiss tycoon wants permission to build the 'climate-change proof' home. Mansion will use solar power, photovoltaic cells, solar hot water and an air-source heat pump. Neighbours include Dire Straits lead singer Mark Knopfler and band's bass guitarist John Illsley.
Just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home. Three-quarters of UK renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house. This rises to eight in 10 for Londoners, where house prices have risen by double-digits. Halifax said data strengthens view that more people may be giving up on idea of owning.
The Lowenbrau Keller has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan 'Wunderbra' The same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption 'Make Mein A Dubbel' Campaign group Collective Shout claim the advertisements reinforce sexual objectification. The restaurant responded to the claims and said that 'the last time the ad was removed was in 2007'
Ryan Giroux, 41, has pleaded not guilty to killing one man and wounding five others. He is accused of shooting three people in a Phoenix motel, killing a man and injuring two women. Another man was shot while working at a nearby restaurant, and then two more at separate apartment complexes, about two miles away. Police swarmed the city in a massive manhunt, using sniffer dogs and searching cars. Giroux has convictions in three states totally more than eight years for burglary, theft, armed aggravated assault and marijuana possession.
Cook County Judge Dennis Porter cleared Officer Dante Servin, 46, on Monday. He asked loved ones to leave the courtroom moments before verdict was read out. Victim Rekia Boyd, 22, was shot in the back of the head by Servin in March 2012. She was standing with friends when he confronted them about the noise they were making. Boyd's brother screamed: 'You want me to be quiet? This m***** f***** killed my sister!' Judge said there was no evidence of'reckless conduct' to support involuntary manslaughter. City settled $4.5
Teresa Sheldon, 38, charged with murdering her son Tommy and the attempted murder of another child who was also in the Ford Fiesta. Tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in Hursley, near Winchester in Hampshire. Two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car. Sheldon has been charged with her son's murder along with manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
Matheryn Naovaratpong, from Thailand, was diagnosed with cancer last April. Diagnosed with ependymoblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young. After months of intensive treatment, including 12 rounds of brain surgery, 20 chemotherapy treatments, and 20 radiation therapy sessions, it became clear there was little more doctors could do. By the time she passed away, she had lost 80 per cent of the left side of her brain. But determined for some good to come from her death, her family have had her body cryogenically preserved
Kaylie Milliken is the filmmaker behind Billion Dollar Bully, an ongoing documentary focused on Yelp's impact on small businesses. Milliken says she's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise. Last month, Milliken released a trailer for her documentary in an attempt to fund the rest of the film's production. The day after the trailer was released, Yelp stock dipped four per cent. Yelp issued a statement to Business Insider, fiercely denying the claims in the trailer.
Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen. He likened the scene to 'wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods' So far, authorities have arrested a pair of Troy University students Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, for sexual assault. Hundreds of spring break revelers watched as the 19-year-old girl was allegedly gang raped by a group of men in Panama City Beach, Florida last month. The victim believes she was drugged before the
The new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout. Participants place their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or shot glass and suck in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up. Problematically, the results are said to last for hours, even days, with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for much longer than expected.
Patties Foods says its testing has found no link between its Nanna's brand frozen mixed berries and a national hepatitis A outbreak. The health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis A virus. Four adults, three in Victoria and one in NSW, have contracted the potentially deadly Hepatitis A after condsuming the 1kg packets of Nannas Frozen Mixed Berries. Health department said its investigation is ongoing with the source of the virus still unconfirmed.
Dr Henry Miller of California's Stanford University led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. Dr Oz, 54, is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at Columbia's College of Physicians and Surgeons. He joined the faculty at Columbia in 1993.
The US State Department said the bombing in Ainkawa, near Kurdish regional capital Arbil, did not kill or wound any consular employees. Two ethnically Kurdish Turks were killed and eight people wounded. An ISIS-spearheaded offensive overran large areas of Iraq last year, and forces from the Kurdistan region have battled jihadists on multiple fronts in the north.
Riley Filmer, 14, has been prevented from attending classes at McClelland College in Melbourne. Her mother Anne Parker said the school told her that her daughter's shoes did not meet uniform standards. The school's uniform policy states that girls are to wear 'black leather lace-up school shoes (not fashion heels)' for both summer and winter uniforms. Ms Parker said Riley's shoes comply to the guidelines, but the school was looking for shoes with more of a heel. She has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident on Monday and is struggling to complete her work.
Men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives but the quality declines with age. Older fathers are thought to be at higher risk of having children with autism and schizophrenia. If the father is over 45, there is a threefold increased risk of retinoblastoma, a rare type of eye cancer. Children conceived by fathers over 40 also have a 30 per cent. increased risk of epilepsy, a 37 per cent higher. risk of Down's syndrome, a 14 per cent greater chance of childhood leukaemia, and a 70 per. cent greater likelihood of central nervous system
Phynova Joint and Muscle Relief contains sigesbeckia, a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis. Dr Mike Dixon says he is a 'fan' of herbal medicines because they are'safe' Dr Uzma Ali was always given a glass of warm milk with half a teaspoon of the spice turmeric if she fell over.
Moya Gerber and her sister Rone Odendaal, 24, were driving through Kruger National Park, South Africa, when they spotted the struggle. The lions were trying to bring down a Cape Buffalo, but the elderly beast escaped and ran straight for the road. After puncturing a car wheel, the buffalo ran into the side of Ms Gerber's car, causing £11,000 worth of damage. Ms Odendaals' friends joked about the close shave on Facebook, with one saying: 'Explain that to your insurance!'
A storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from farmer Daniel Weness's unlocked barn. The canister was worth about $500, and the vials were worth from $300 to $1,500 apiece. Police have no suspects. Frozen semen can live for many years, often outliving the bull it originally came from.
Mark Gentle, from Farmington, Maine, posted a photo of his son Carter's open-heart surgery scars on Facebook last week. The photo has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted on April 11. Carter, who has a congenital heart defect, has had five open heart surgeries since he was born.
Joseph Koetters, a former English teacher at Marlborough School in Los Angeles, is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student who alleges that he sexually abused her. The lawsuit claims that when Koetter was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a student, which began in the 2000-2001 school year. Koetters also allegedly impregnated the woman, who then had a miscarriage. Marlborough officials are accused of ignoring complaints made by other female students during his time working at the school.
Sam Holtz, a 12-year-old sixth grader from Lake Zurich, Illinois, beat out 11.5million entries to win the ESPN Tournament Challenge on Monday. He won a $20,000 Best Buy gift card and an all-inclusive trip for two to the Maui Jim Maui Invitational college basketball tournament in Hawaii this November. The grand prize, valued at $30,000, would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify. With a few minor exceptions, Sam picked a remarkably accurate bracket who was
Tesco operated a multimillion-pound fleet of five aircraft for its bosses. New chief executive Dave Lewis admitted the planes gave the wrong image and put them up for sale. Four have been sold and the final one, a Hawker 800, will be gone by the end of next month. Tesco spent nearly £29 million flying executives to different parts of world between 2005 and 2012.
Sam Smith was travelling from Minneapolis to Indiana on business last Thursday. Tornado just a few hundred yards in front of him as he spoke to his son on the phone. He says: 'This is a tornado and I cannot tell which way it is going. So I don't know how to get away from it' Storm Prediction Center in Oklahoma says Mr Smith should not have backed his car under a bridge.
The Datai is a luxury hotel in Langkawi, 20 miles off the coast of Malaysia. The resort is in the middle of a ten million-year-old rainforest and was created in 1990. Designed by Australian architect Kerry Hill around Datai Bay, it took three years to complete.
Mark Carney spotted jogging in London's Hyde Park on day off from work. He was wearing high-tech running belt with no fewer than four water bottles. The keen runner was also wearing headphones and top-of-the-range running shoes. Mr Carney is training for the London Marathon later this month.
Ayyan Ali, 21, was charged with money laundering on March 14. Caught with staggering amount of money in her carry-on bag at Islamabad airport. Charged with attempting to illegally transport more than $10,000 out of the country. Has been in Rawalpindi prison since and has been denied bail to the outrage of her lawyers. They claim she is being targeted because of her celebrity status as 'grand dame' of fashion.
Gaston Pinsard, 96, jailed for 18 months for historic sexual abuse of two young girls. Father-of-four targeted the girls when they were just five-years-old more than 50 years ago. Pinsard was born in 1919 and claimed he was abused at Jersey children's home as a boy. Judge branded the case 'distressing' and 'unpleasant' as he jailed him for nine years. He was married with four children at the time of the abuse which began in 1951.
Fugitive squirmed as he admitted only evaluating files stolen from GCHQ and NSA. Said potentially catastrophic blunders were a fundamental price of liberty. Snowden broke cover as civilian CIA worker who stole classified documents in June 2013. Terror experts said lives were being lost because he had hampered security services.
Access to GPs has become a major policy and political issue. Crisis in A&E has led some to blame a lack of GP appointments. Weekend opening hours for GPs touted as one solution to relieve pressure. Study found eight per cent drop in GP attendances compared to control group. Eight per cent fall would translate into two million fewer visits to A&Es each year if weekend opening was made available nationally.
Michael Slager, 33, is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in Charleston County Jail without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. On Friday, his wife Jamie, who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant, and his mother Karen Sharpe were allowed to speak to him. Slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old Walter Scott last weekend. Dash cam footage reveals he stopped the father-of-four U.S. Army veteran over a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.
Former Girls Aloud star Sarah Harding has signed up to star in Coronation Street. Denise Van Outen will play Max Branning's new love interest, Carin Smart. Patsy Kensit, Michelle Collins and Danny Dyer are other recent soap stars to sign.
Engineers at the Shadow Robot Company spent 18 years developing the hands. They are each governed by 24 motors, 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors. The £10,000 ($14,000) device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen. It includes an oven, hob, dishwasher and sink, and will be able to cook anything from a simple home-cooked meal to a Michelin-starred meal.
The positions will be based at its Redmond campus in Washington. The program will be run in partnership with Specialisterne, a Danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in IT. Announcement was made on the company's blog by Microsoft Corporate VP of Worldwide Operations, Mary Ellen Smith, who has a teenage son, Shawn, with autism.
Christopher Annan, 24, and Tyrone Wright, 20, took part in a gun attack on Tottenham Turks gang member Inan Eren. The 35-year-old victim was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 December 2012, shot three times in the arm, stomach and buttock. Attack was led by hitman Jamie Marsh-Smith, 23, a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname Freddy after the Nightmare on Elm Street killer. He was jailed for 38 years in July last year for the attack on Mr Eren, the murder of his
Mark Lippert, 42, suffered deep gashes to his cheek and hand when he was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist Kim Ki-Jong at a breakfast function in central Seoul last month. The envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery. He is now wearing a dynamic exoskeletal brace on his hand while he recovers. Lippert has posted several photos on Facebook of him using the device in South Korea.
Yulia Simonova, 52, wanted to hire a hitman to torture and kill Damian Vanya, 15. She offered £1,400 for the hit after he dumped her for a classmate. But police set up a sting operation, sending in an undercover officer posing as hitman. A hidden camera filmed the moment Simonova ordered the hit on her ex-lover. The 52-year-old said she wanted the boy to suffer 'unbearable pain' before she 'finished him' She was arrested by armed police in her car and now faces 15 years in prison
Princess, 25, was seen texting on her phone as she navigated the concrete jungle. Wore black bowler hat, leather top and black and cream miniskirt from Topshop. Second time this week she's worn affordable pieces from the high street. Recently celebrated her 25th birthday at St James' Palace.
London Mayor warns against allowing SNP to dominate the government of the UK. Likens it to 'asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery' Nicola Sturgeon vows to use surge in support to dictate direction of UK government. SNP wants end to austerity, benefits and the abolition of Trident as price for propping up Labour.
Lauren Halliday and Steven Smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the Randolph Hotel. Eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel, which featured in TVs Inspector Morse. No one was hurt in the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds.
Harington, who plays Jon Snow, poked fun at Belfast and tourism bosses. The 28-year-old Londoner joked to host Seth Myers that Belfast is 'wonderful for two or three days' He emphasized that he has spent five years filming in the city, drawing laughter. Tourism Northern Ireland said filming of Game of Thrones is a 'key asset' for the region.
Laura Scurr, 15, from Whitley Bay, developed anorexia two years ago. She would hide food down the side of her bed and only eat one piece of fruit a day. Her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she collapsed. Laura was rushed to intensive care and spent a week on a heart monitor. Has now spoken out about the pressures on young girls to be a size zero.
Four children were playing in and around a parked minivan at the Arcadia Palms complex. One of the children set a fire inside the vehicle and two escaped unharmed. The other two became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out. Police say it appears the 6pm fire was unintentional and accidental, and no criminal charges are expected.
Secret Service agents parked Hillary Clinton's now-iconic campaign van in a handicapped parking spot in Council Bluffs, Iowa on Thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with state Democratic Party officials. Clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers before climbing into the vehicle. The meeting was so secret that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began. Mrs. Clinton has round-the-clock protection, including a van chauffeur, because she is the wife of a former U.S. president, Bill Clinton.
Ambra Battilana, 22, told police Weinstein groped her during a 'business meeting' at his Tribeca Film Center office in Manhattan on March 27. The Manhattan District Attorney's office investigated the Italian model's claim, but has decided not to prosecute Weinstein. Weinstein could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true.
Sisonke Msimang, 41, moved to Australia with her husband and children in the last few months. As a journalist and an activist, she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights, race relations and government accountability in South Africa. Upon relocating she said she's been faced with the realisation, that much like her native South Africa: The deepest and most abiding forms of racism in Australia are directed toward our own indigenous population. 'I think the racist element [in Australia] lies in the difficulty in grappling with past and present,' she said.
Nathan Dailo, from Sydney, uploaded a video to his YouTube channel showing how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to drift off in just 42 seconds. The clip has received almost 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago. By the 14th stroke baby Seth has stopped fidgeting and has completely drifted off.
ASIO contacted the families of some of the would-be killers and cautioned them the men were becoming radicalised. The family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter, who groomed Melbourne terrorist Numan Haider. Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on April 24. Eathan Oswald Almo Cruse, 19
Vladimir Putin gave the go-ahead for the deal, with the defence ministry saying it was ready to supply the S-300 missile equipment promptly The move is likely to anger both the U.S. and Israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons.
Ben the Suffolk lamb is twice the weight of the average new-born lamb. It took a team of three to deliver him after a three-hour labour at farm in Leicestershire. Farm hopes to keep him as a breeding ram to see if he can pass on his size to his flock.
Scientists from the UK and Portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting Brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal PeerJ. They looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout Europe and the US. Instead of plotting how similar each species is to the others, they used a'specimen-based protocol' This meant they could analyse each individual animal, despite its species, and looked at differences within each species, as well as between different species. The main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed, but fossils
Malcolm Brabant, 59, had the jab in preparation for an assignment in the Ivory Coast. Within 24 hours of having the jab, in April 2011, Malcolm had been reduced to a sweating wreck. Spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine. Believes the vaccine could have dangerous side-effects that affect more people than thought.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was convicted last week of planting. two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world. famous marathon in 2013, killing three people and injuring 264 others. The same jury that convicted Tsarnaev will hear testimony on. whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for his crimes, starting next Tuesday. Judge George O'Toole told jurors in U.S. District Court in Boston, describing the sentencing phase as'sensitive' He also reminded jurors to avoid all media coverage,. especially on the second anniversary of the bombings on Wednesday.
Clinical trials show olaparib can delay the moment when disease gets out of control. The drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by BRCA gene mutations. Up to 30 per cent of men with prostate cancer have tumours that have DNA defects and these respond particularly well to the drug. London trial of the drug, owned by AstraZeneca, was led by the Institute of Cancer Research and the Royal Marsden hospital.
Game of Thrones is set to return with its fifth series, which will focus on the world of Dorne on the imaginary continent of Westeros. Luxury travel service Zicasso is offering a luxury tour of southern Spain to celebrate the new series. The seven-night tour kicks off in Madrid before heading further south to the cities of Seville, Osuna and Granada. Trip includes a stop at the world's largest Gothic cathedral, as well as the former Muslim fort of Alcazar.
Miliband posed with Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage, Nicola Sturgeon and Ukip's Nigel Farage. They were superimposed over Christopher Steed and Stephen Webb from Channel 4's Gogglebox. Mr Miliband also posed as London rapper Plan B, issuing a call to 'come at me bruv' He was accompanied by caption 'debate me like one of your French girls' - a reference to Titanic film.
Jordan Speith, 21, is in prime position to win the Masters after setting a scoring record for 54 holes of 16 under par. He is playing alongside British contender Justin Rose in the final, showcase pairing. Some of his American rivals, such as Tiger Woods, have slipped down the leaderboard. But others, including Dustin Johnson and Phil Mickelson are still posing a threat. Spieth is the first player since Greg Norman in 1996 to own the outright lead after each of the first three rounds.
BBC's chief technology officer says corporation must become 'internet first' in future. Matthew Postgate says BBC must 'learn lessons' if it wants to compete with web services. Catch-up services such as Netflix and Amazon are increasingly producing their own shows. BBC Three, the youth-oriented digital TV channel, will soon become internet-only. But Mr Postgate insists other channels will remain on broadcast TV for the time being.
The Queen, 88, enjoyed a ride on her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. Joined by a groom on another of her Fell ponies, the Queen cut a relaxed figure in the sunshine. The monarch, who has never worn a riding helmet, opted for a silk headscarf instead. She has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury. Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and has her own stud of Fell ponies.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a referendum in next five years. Before last year's historic vote, Scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance to decided on the future of the 300-year-old Union. But today she left open the possibility that the promise of another vote could be included in a future SNP manifesto. Opponents claim Ms Sturgeon had 'broken a promise the size of Ben Nevis' on a referendum.
Buzzfeed found U.S. Census records and Selective Service documents that establish that three of the former secretary of state's grandparents were born in America. That clashes with what Clinton herself has claimed publicly, including Wednesday afternoon in Norwalk, Iowa. 'All my grandparents, you know, came over here,' she said during a small business roundtable event, 'and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania' Clinton made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants.
Former Top Gear presenter was guest of honour at charity auction in Chipping Norton. He said: 'In the olden days when I used to work for BBC, I couldn't say s*** - but I am not, so I will' Hundreds of fans paid £15 a ticket to watch him oversee the auction at town hall. It was his first public appearance since he was sacked from BBC for allegedly assaulting a producer.
Pierre Fulton was in the car with Walter Scott when Slager pulled them over. When Scott fled, Fulton and another officer stood by the Mercedes. They watched in shock as Slager chased him into a park and shot him dead. Fulton's attorney has released a statement saying he does not know why Scott ran. He said: 'I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die' Audio has surfaced of Officer Slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the deadly shooting in South Carolina.
Hodor, played by Kristian Nairns, earned his name because he says only the word 'Hodor' over and over again. He may have expressive aphasia, according to Jordan Lewis, of Penn State Medical School. In 1861, a French physician called Dr Broca found a particular part of the brain is involved in language. It became known as Broca's area, and damage to it causes language problems.
Andrei Soldatov said Snowden may have been told not to speak out on Russian surveillance but continue attacking America in order to save himself from jail in the US. He accused the former US spy of not being transparent about his arrangements with the Russian authorities. The details of the arrangement have never been made public, and Mr Snowden has never addressed them.
The caves are found near the Mutnovsky volcano, 45 miles (72km) south of the regional capital of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, in the Russian Far East. Photographer Denis Budkov, 35, trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes. The incredible lights shining purple, blue, green and yellow are no computer trickery - they are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below.
Never-before-seen images show Captain Scott's doomed expedition team setting off on ill-fated trek to the South Pole in 1912. The archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great British adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness. Some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of Scott and his polar party.
Baby-faced boy from Memphis, Tennessee, has amassed more than 3,000 followers. Tweets include phrases like 'gang sh** n****', 'f*** da police', and 'quit suckin my d***' Critics have called his actions'sad' and 'disappointing' and say he should go to school. He hit back at critics, saying his sister has been locked up for two years and his mother is stressed.
Ellie Grant, 22, was appearing on ITV's This Morning to discuss how she suddenly developed Tourette's syndrome - and how she had found love with fiance Jordan, who is deaf. But in the middle of the pre-recorded interview, Miss Grant suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out'silver fox' at Phillip, 53. Silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two, who smiled, but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark. Co-presenter Amanda Holden quickly chipped in, saying: 'It's a good one to have', regarding
Kylie Jenner, 17, wore a black McQ Alexander McQueen mesh dress to Coachella. Her exact dress is still up for grabs at Nordstrom for $315. Check out the edit below which features our top mesh dress alternatives from the likes of Forever 21 and Topshop.
Bezos, who is worth $34.7billion, was spotted at the Campo de' Fiori in Rome on Tuesday. The Internet mogul blended in with tourists but was also discreetly accompanied by a security guard. Bezos was not accompanied by wife of 22 years, MacKenzie, who he has been married to since 1993.
Siberian tigers are one of the world's most endangered animals. Tourists will spend seven days in the Durminskoye Reserve in Khabarovsk, Russia. Guests will spend time with conservationist Alexander Batalov, who has spent 20 years trying to protect the species. Safari does not actively track the tigers as this risks guests coming face-to-face with them.
Raymond Lee Fryberg Jr. was arraigned in Seattle on Thursday, nearly six months after his son Jaylen Fryberg killed four students at Marysville Pilchuck High School then himself. Fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms when he allegedly bought a Beretta pistol in January 2013. The order was against him in Tulalip Tribal Court in 2002 by a girlfriend who said he had threatened her, slapped her and pulled her hair. But the order was never entered into any state or federal criminal databases because of a flawed reporting
Jesse Norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election. West Mercia Police are investigating reports of a breach of the Representation of the People Act 1983, which bans Election candidates from providing food, drink or entertainment. Detectives are expected to speak to Mr Norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on April 2.
Students at Wellington College, in Berkshire, spent a year studying a different classic book. The mistake only came to light when mock papers arrived with no exam questions. Sources close to the school said students were left devastated by the blunder. Alumni include Will Young, Rory Bremner and Made in Chelsea's Caggie Dunlop. Spokeswoman said parents were satisfied with the school's prompt response.
LPAC, the nation's largest lesbian political action committee, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday. The group is co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981. King: 'Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion -- specifically for women and the LGBTQ community'
The CYG-11 seaplane was tested off the coast of Haikou in Hainan Province in China. The aircraft uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide. It is believed to be a joint project between Russia and China to build new types of super-efficient seaplane. Engineers behind the CNY 5 billion (£500 million) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles (100 km) on 28 litres of fuel. With a maximum range of 930 miles (1,500 km), the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155
Trevor Noah was spotted at Citi Field in Queens with Jerry Seinfeld, Larry David and Matthew Broadrick on Monday. The quartet were all present at the game between the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies. Noah's appearance comes after he was accused of anti-Semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to Daily Show host. Comedy Central has defended its newest star as a 'provocative' comedian.
Cambridge-educated Sean Heslop, 47, was questioned on suspicion of abuse of trust. He has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools in Kent. The 47-year-old has not been seen at his £850,000 home in Battersea, south-west London. But a family member said he is 'the happiest he's ever been' because he is looking forward to becoming a father this summer. Former pupil, who cannot be named, became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school.
The Justice Department said Tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van. Baltimore police officials, meanwhile, released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who've been suspended pending an investigation. But the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on Tuesday evening took to the streets of West Baltimore to protest the police force in Gray's name. The protesters rallied site
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children have been missing since April 7. They were last seen boarding a ferry from Dover to Calais on Wednesday, April 8. Left without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to relatives, it is claimed. Radical preacher Anjem Choudary said Mr Malik was a member of banned group Al-Muhajiroun. He described him as a 'champion for sharia' and a'very good Muslim character' Mr Malik's family said they are 'totally distraught, upset and in
Cheryl Heineman, 45, a married mother of three from Florida, charged with selling Xanax and acid tabs to undercover cop. Heineman was arrested Wednesday at Central Avenue Elementary School in Kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics. Her suspected accomplice and lover, Jack Lindsey, 20, is facing the same charges. Lindsey allegedly set up a drug deal last month, telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that 'his girl' would deliver the product.
Lenny Mordarski, 68, was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago to Manchester, New Hampshire on Thursday. He said: 'Imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees, and then waking up and going owww' The woman, dubbed 'Psycho Pen Lady' by another fellow passenger, was removed from the flight.
Hunger Games star Josh Hutcherson, 22, looks remarkably like Eastenders' Martin Fowler. Other Eastenders lookalikes include Ross Kemp, 50, who played Grant Mitchell and Bruce Willis, 60. Letitia Dean, 47, bears a sisterly resemblance to Prince Harry's ex-girlfriend Chelsy Davy, 29. Gillian Taylforth, 59, is another former Eastenders star with an A-list doppelgänger, in her case Kate Moss, 41.
The 68-year-old told Town and Country Magazine that he believes he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning. He says he is now 'not mad at anybody' because he has become a grandfather. Mrs Clinton is widely expected to launch a presidential bid within the next two weeks. She is thought to be ahead in the polls and the Democrats would like to see her run.
The 208ft (63 metre) tall Falcon 9 rocket, carrying a Dragon capsule, blasted off at 4:10 p.m. ET from Florida under perfect conditions, after a launch had to be scrubbed on Monday due to lightning. SpaceX founder, Elon Musk, tweeted: 'Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival' The booster appears to have landed but Elon Musk said that 'excess lateral velocity' caused it to tip over. Despite being destroyed, the booster's flyback marks another step in the company's
Officials at Horace Mitchell Primary School in Kittery Point, Maine, have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues. During a lesson on tolerance and acceptance, children at the school were read I Am Jazz, a book about a child 'with a boy's body and a girl's brain' Some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans. One unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit Sean Hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint. In the wake of Hannity contacting the school asking
The female activists were arrested the weekend before International Women's Day. They were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport. The five women face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with 'picking quarrels and provoking trouble' The vague charge of 'provoking trouble' is increasingly used by Chinese police under President Xi Jinping to detain and jail protesters from holding small-scale demonstrations.
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's Bab al-Aziziya compound in Tripoli was once a symbol of fear and terror for Libyans. The dictator ruled for almost 42 years, after he took control in a coup d'etat in 1969, but was killed by rebels in 2011. Now the once-fortified compound has been reduced to rubble and reduced to a wasteland. Only a few ruined buildings, the green flooring of Gaddafi's home and a network of underground tunnels remain. In the eastern city of Benghazi, Gaddafi's more than 10-hectare palace is now a
Three studies have provided different theories for what happened after Earth was struck by a Mars-sized object called Theia, 4.45 billion years ago. What is agreed on, though, is that the impact actually happened. In one theory, a team of scientists at the University of Maryland said the impact of Theia with Earth was so violent, the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon. This is known as the giant impact hypothesis. The other studies disagree, with one team saying Theia actually had a similar composition to Earth. And a third said the moon formed from E
Chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be 'depriving more families' of payments worth more than £1,000 per year. More than a million households lost out when Coalition announced families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit. The controversial measure was brought in two and a half years ago as part of the Governments austerity programme. It was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers.
Lizzie Cochran, a pre-med student at Columbia University, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line Epidemia Designs. The designs in the line include scarves printed with rabies and chicken pox patterns, a flu of 1918 tote bag and yoga pants depicting polio and muscle cells.
The FBI made at least six arrests Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego following a joint terrorism task force operation. Three of the men arrested in Minneapolis were already known to authorities, according to reports. A Somali woman said one of her sons was arrested at her house in Minneapolis around noon and the other was arrested in San Diego. Four Minnesotans have already been charged in connection with supporting terror groups in Syria, including ISIS.
James Comey wrote an opinion piece in the Washington Post claiming Poland shares responsibility for the Holocaust with Germany. Poland's president Bronislaw Komorowski said Comey's comments showed a 'lack of historical knowledge' and were an 'insult to thousands of Poles who helped Jews' US Ambassador Stephen Mull said he now had 'a lot of work' to do to rectify the situation. Six million Polish citizens were killed under Nazi Germany's occupation of Poland during World War II.
JCNO jeans, popular at Nineties raves, are threatening to make a comeback. The return of the highly impractical jeans has us contemplating the retro fashion Nineties and Noughties trends that really should be left in the past. Femail rounds up the worst offenders.
Publication of Sir John Chilcot's inquiry had already been pushed back until after election. Bereaved parents say suffering is being dragged out to give figures like Tony Blair chance to rebut findings. They say they are now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published.
Threat against flight 826 from Cologne Bonn to Milan's Malpensa airport was received on Sunday evening. Tower in Cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the Airbus A320, which was taxiing toward the runway at the time. Instead of taking off the pilot steered the plane to a different part of the airport where passengers and crew were evacuated. Total of 132 people were aboard the plane, including 126 passengers and six crew.
Clip resembles scenes from a Hollywood disaster movie, with cars turning around in the road and turning back in a desperate bid to escape the inferno. At the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero, then intense blue flames from burning trees emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash. Wildfires in Siberia have been raging since March 19, with the death toll this week climbing to 30, and leaving 500 injured. Initial cost of damage put at around $96million (£64million)
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, managed to hitch a ride from a woman to Florida after his motorbike broke down, police said on Wednesday. The woman didn't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $500, the report by Volusia County Beach Safety officers said. Stancil is awaiting extradition back to North Carolina, where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old Ron Lane, a print shop director at Wayne Community College. Among his self-administered tattoos are the word 'brotherhood' on his neck and the number '88' which is linked
The six men were arrested Sunday in Minneapolis and San Diego. They are accused of conspiracy to provide material support and attempting to provide support to a foreign terrorist organization. Authorities described the men as close friends who met secretly to plan their travels. Three of the men were stopped at a New York City airport in November along with Hamza Ahmed, but they were not charged until now.
Lorna McCarthy was stabbed 13 times in the heart by her husband Barry McCarthy. The 50-year-old feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death last September. She sent a series of messages to friends and family, including one to her daughter. McCarthy, 51, found out his ex-wife was using dating websites and confronted her. Mrs McCarthy had agreed to take her profile down after he confronted her, police said. But she later revealed she did not want to try to save the relationship. He pleaded not guilty to murder on grounds of diminished
Sophie Ryan-Palmer, 12, Fabian Bates, nine, and Chloe Balloqui, three, are patients at Great Ormond Street Hospital, London. They become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy. Tragically, although for one of them, treatment is successful, two do not survive the radical procedure. Ground-breaking television documentary follows three children and their families through such a situation.
Douglas Mark Hughes, 61, created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in Washington. Hughes, a US Postal Service mail carrier,. described his flight upon arriving home in Ruskin, Florida, early on Sunday. He said he fully expected to be intercepted. before landing on the west lawn of the US Capitol. His Russian-born wife, Alena, said she was 'proud' that her husband acted out of patriotism for the US.
A video has been released showing four tourists catching a bronzer shark in New Zealand. The men are filmed by Emil Fogh, standing just centimetres away from the shark they've captured. As it is legal to fish for sharks in the country, it has become a sport known as 'big game fishing' in which'shark anglers' catch and release the creatures. However, it crucial that the'sport' is only attempted by those that know the techniques which are safe for both the participant and the shark to ensure everyone involved remains alive.
Alix Bussey, 23, was on holiday with boyfriend Jonathan Boyle, also 23, in Riviera Maya. She was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel after a night out. The night before she had texted her younger sister to say she was having 'best time ever' Her family said she 'lived life to the full' and was devoted to the children she taught. Primary school students at Bowburn Infants School said to be devastated by news of her death.
Coleen, 28, and Nadine, 29, have joined forces with Cancer Research's Race For Life. Dressed in ethereal light pink gowns and feathered headdresses for photoshoot. Coleen: 'Cancer has affected too many loved ones and it's time to fight back'
The agreement was announced on Tuesday by a judge in an Orlando, Florida courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided. Lolita Grayson was married to another man when they wed. She had claimed in court papers that she was divorced from her first husband when she married the congressman in 1990. The Democrat and highly successful trial lawyer said his wife's marriage to Robert Carson was not dissolved until 1994 in Broward County, Florida.
More than 25million live in seats where the result can already be predicted. Electoral Reform Society claims result in 364 seats can be called now based on current polls. Of 303 Tory seats, 186 are considered safe while 151 of Labours 257 constituencies are not expected to change hands. 70 per cent of seats in the East of England considered safe, compared to 10 per cent in Scotland.
Prevention of Terrorism Act allows authorities to detain suspected terrorists for two years without charge or trial. But it also allows them to apply for unlimited extensions after those two years expire. Bill effectively reintroduces the prospect of indefinite detention without trial in Malaysia. PM Najib Razak's political opponents and human rights groups had urged for bill to be withdrawn. They claim it is 'open to abuse and is a grievous blow to democracy', Human Rights Watch says.
Three is the only operator to offer this arrangement, which it calls Feel At Home. Customers can call and text UK numbers and use data in some countries at no extra cost. Three's Feel at Home covers 18 destinations in Europe, Australia, the US, Asia and the Middle East.
ONS says 31 million people are in work after increase of more than half a million in past year. At same time the jobless total fell by 76,000 to 1.84 million in the quarter to February. Average earnings increased by 1.7 per cent in the year to February, 0.2 per cent down on previous month. UK's unemployment rate is now 5.6 per cent, a fall of 1.3 per cent since a year ago. Polls suggest SNP is set to make huge gains in Scotland, depriving Labour of hopes of overall majority.
Babies born on the same day as the royal baby will be eligible to receive one of 2,015 free 'lucky' silver pennies. Parents of newborns who share a birthday with the new prince or princess will have to register the birth of their child on The Royal Mint's Facebook page to receive the commemorative gift. The silver coin will be minted with the one penny's Royal Shield design and the new effigy of the Queen, which was unveiled in March. It will be presented in a special white box, which will be tied with a purple ribbon and feature the image
Ahmed Shaheed is a freelance rebel fighter from Sydney fighting in Syria. The 28-year-old posted a picture of the tiger cub on his social media account. His extravagant purchase was met with surprise by one of his fellow fighters, Abou Shaheed al-Muhajir. Unwilling to reveal the cost of his furry investment, the fighter did confirm that he had bought the cub from a small village, near the Syrian city of Aleppo.
Sam Pearce, 24, of Milton, Massachusetts, was discovered on the F train in New York City by a model who wanted to send his picture to his own modeling agency. Mr. Pearce, a Brown University graduate, now teaches English to eighth graders in Brooklyn, New York. The six-foot, green-eyed, 6-foot-tall teacher also models for top designers including Alexander McQueen and Diesel Black Gold.
Google claims the latest update to its Android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts. It works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus. The Californian firm said it took'many years' to perfect handwriting recognition. Google also launched a tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term 'find my phone' on the search engine's homepage (animated) It locates a phone on a map, remotely rings and lets users carry out additional tasks.
Police arrested more than 20 people at an overnight dance party in Sydney. A 22-year-old man was allegedly found with almost 450 MDMA pills. He was charged with supply prohibited drug, refused bail and appeared in Parramatta Local Court on Sunday. More than 6000 people attended sold-out dance party 'Midnight Mafia' Police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs at the venue.
Arthur and Mo Kreitenberg have created a robot, called the Germfalcon. It uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin. The device, which is the size of a drinks cart, patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself. Its wings contain UV-C lamps, which are the same type used for disinfection in places like hospitals and water treatment plants.
Lord Janner signed letter saying he wanted to remain a peer on April 9. Comes a week after he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges. The former Labour MP, 86, claimed more than £100,000 in expenses. He has not attended the Lords since detectives raided his North London home. Alleged victims have accused him of preying on boys at care homes.
Its not as simple as turning a key or pushing a button to start a plane. Pilots do not eat the same reheated chicken or pasta dishes that are served to passengers. Airbus A380 has private sleeping quarters for flight attendants on long-haul flights. Toilets cannot be emptied in the sky, so all waste is stored on board until the plane lands.
Historic building repairer Gregg Olson and architectural historian Pam Hayden have spent seven years analyzing the Molalla Log House. They believe the log cabin could have been built as early as 1795 - ten years before Lewis and Clark reached the Pacific Ocean. The way the logs are tightly interwoven, secured without nails and leaving no gaps to fill, is similar to Russian log cabins of the same time period. Olson and Hayden are now trying to find a permanent location to house the cabin.
Jesse Kidder was in patrol car chasing Michael Wilcox, 27, in New Richmond, Ohio. They stopped and Wilcox ran at Kidder, who was on foot, asking him to shoot him. Officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that suspect might try'suicide by cop' Bodycam footage shows Kidder aiming at Wilcox throughout the tense encounter. Suspect eventually surrendered and lay on the ground with hands outstretched as backup arrived, allowing Kidder's partner to handcuff him.
Dr Sally Norton reveals which fruits and seeds are worth adding to your shopping basket. Sour cherries contain high levels of antioxidants and as a result are anti-inflammatory. Avocados are a great source of healthy, mono-saturated fats which lower bad cholesterol. Blueberries have been linked to improved heart health, cancer prevention and improved eyesight. Pumpkin seeds are thought to help a person sleep, improve their mood and boost eyesight, and are a source of omega-3.
Survey of 15,560 GPs by the British Medical Association found two-thirds not willing to join into larger groups to ensure one surgery in an area is open on Saturdays and Sundays. The Government has tried to encourage GPs to offer out-of-hours appointments through a scheme known as the Prime Ministers Challenge Fund. Surgeries have been urged to form into groups of 20 to 30 to ensure at least one stays open in the evenings and at weekends.
Amazing image shows the internals of the Galaxy S6, which goes on sale on April 10th. Shows the screen, logic board holder, battery, processor, camera, rear case and antenna. Samsung is using its own Exynos mobile processor, as had been widely reported, but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts.
Secret drawings and letters belonged to Captain Robert Lewis, co-pilot of Enola Gay bomber. They reveal pilot was told to arrive at 30,000ft, drop payload two miles short of city, then veer away sharply at 28,500ft. Also includes hand-drawn diagram, eyewitness account of bombing and flight logs. Among £300,000 archive compiled by Captain Lewis, who died in 1983, in bid to end WWII. Collection, being sold by his son Stephen, also includes Lewis's eye-witness account of mission.
Sharon Winters, 39, met Kevin Hawke, 33, on an online dating website. Less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in a frenzied attack. Her brother Stephen Robinson, 44, is speaking for the first time since her murder. He said: 'She was a lonely heart just wanting love. That animal preyed on her caring nature' Hawke was jailed for a minimum of 17-and-a-half years after he admitted murder.
Aaron Hernandez was moved to the maximum security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center near Shirley, Massachusetts today. He is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch. Hernandez is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations. The former New England Patriots star smoked the hallucination-inducing drug in marijuana cigarettes that are known as 'killer joints' in the world of drugs. Sources said the brute, found guilty of murdering Odin Lloyd, was using the dangerous drug for at least a year before the victim was shot dead.
Zheng Gong Hospital in Henan Province, China, was under threat of demolition. Hospital bosses decided to save time and money - and avoid paying for a new building. Engineers have employed a team of engineers to put 'wheels' on the two-storey brick structure. They aim to 'push' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new, designated spot.
Nicholas Dematteis, 39, flew into the rage while at restaurant Bocca East during brunch on Saturday afternoon. He demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting more than an hour and a half for his omelette, according to witnesses. The 34-year-old manager tried to calm him down when he spewed a homophobic slur at him. As the manager followed him outside of the restaurant, he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street, witnesses said. She got up and left before police arrived at the scene.
Fast & Furious 7 enjoyed its third winning weekend in a row at the box office, taking an estimated $29.1 million over the weekend. This brings the fast car sequel's domestic total to a staggering $294 million, well above the $202.8 million that Fast & Furious 6 had earned at the same point in the cycle in 2013. Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 came in a close second with $24 million.
Jennifer Pagonis, 29, has Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS), a very rare disorder which prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen. Pagonis was born with an enlarged clitoris, no uterus and a partial vagina that surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse. She now uses the first name 'Pidgeon,' doesn't identify as female or male and works as an artist and intersex activist against surgery. Her advice for parents with intersex infants? 'Take them home and love them... just the way
Sophia Adams, 21, has won Curvy Kate's annual 'Star in a Bra' competition. Beats 1,000 hopefuls to land modelling contract with Bridge Models. Will star in brand's Spring/Summer 2016 catalogue shot in the Mediterranean. Has 32JJ bust and wants to encourage women to appreciate their bodies.
#SnackHolidays promotion is being offered by budget airline Transavia France. Packets of crisps, gummy bears and cereal bars are being sold at participating shops. Each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a flight to one of three destinations. Passengers can already fly from Paris Orly Airport to Barcelona from ¬35 to ¬65, to Dublin from ¬40 to ¬60, and to Lisbon for ¬40.
Ukip leader says it is'reasonable proposition' to fine drunks who repeatedly go to A&E. Admits he is finding the election campaign 'knackering' as support for Ukip slumps. Warns his supporters must use their vote 'as wisely as they can' to secure EU referendum. Suggests Ukip MPs could prop up Tory government to keep Ed Miliband out of power.
Eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and ward off bugs like E.coli. Scientists from the University of Maryland found flour made from peanut kernel stimulates the growth of friendly bacteria. Friendly bacteria out-competes harmful bacteria by occupying space on intestinal walls. Eating 50g of peanut kernels a day could improve gut microflora and protect against foodborne illnesses.
Fall of an Empire: The Story of Katherine of Alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades. It features Steven Berkoff, Edward Fox, Joss Ackland and Nicole Keniheart alongside OToole. The film attempts to pay homage to Saint Katherine by portraying her as a real women who experiences fear and torment while remaining steadfast in her beliefs regarding the denouncement of Romes enforced pagan worship.
The woman, who calls herself Zhu Diandian online, has raised her beloved Five Flowers since it was a piglet. The porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs (13st) but that has done nothing to weaken the bond between the two. Ms Zhu's husband is understood to be 'tolerant' of the relationship but her dog is not.
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling a sun proof T-shirt in her Goop shop. FEMAIL rounds up the eight products you should be packing for summer. From unbreakable sunglasses to foldable wellies, FEMAIL has got you covered.
Listening to the right music can bring out specific flavours in food and drink. Luciano Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma is said to be perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee. High-pitched piano in Billie Holiday's Autumn in New York can help emphasise autumnal flavour of pumpkin pudding. Oxford University psychologist Professor Charles Spence said our ears might subconsciously talk to our tastebuds. He said humans tend to match the same sounds to the same tastes.
Manjinder Virk will play pathologist Dr Kam Karimore in the ITV police drama. In 2011, executive producer Brian True-May described the show as the 'last bastion of Englishness' because it had no black or Asian characters. He said the show 'wouldn't work' if there was racial diversity among its cast.
Social media users have taken to Snapchat to share their rainy day adventures. The worst weather in five years continues to whip NSW with severe weather warnings in place for Metropolitan, Mid North Coast, Hunter and Illawarra. Snapchat's Sydney story is a compilation of videos people in the area have posted in the last day. It also shows the soaking conditions endured by the Cronulla Sharks and South Sydney Rabbitohs NRL game on Monday night.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely has been silent since December, when the magazine was forced to issue an apology for the article. The Columbia Graduate School of Journalism will release their review of the botched investigation at 8pm on Sunday. Erdely is expected to apologize and Rolling Stone will take the story down from their website. In the story, titled 'A Rape on Campus', a University of Virginia student named Jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity Phi Kappa Psi two years ago.
Joseph O'Riordan, 73, grew suspicious his wife was having an alleged affair. He hired a private investigator to follow his wife Amanda, 47, and found she was seeing postman. The couple agreed to stay together but he later attacked her with a kitchen knife. O'Rriordan pleaded guilty to wounding with intent but denies attempted murder.
The San Francisco property was teeming with black widows, rats, feces and 300 bottles of urine when it was discovered on April 4. The remains are believed to be that of Anna Ragin who lived with her 65-year-old daughter Carolyn, a hoarder, for at least five years. With seven bedrooms and two bathrooms, the property has the structure of a valuable home.
Noor Ellis admitted a role in the killing of her 60-year-old husband Robert Ellis last October. His body was found wrapped in plastic with his wrists and feet bound and dumped in a ditch in a rice field near Sedang Village in Bali. She told a court that she wanted to teach him a lesson because he refused to give her money or grant her a divorce. Mrs Ellis faces the death penalty if she is found guilty of the charge of premeditated murder. Seven other people, including the couple's two former maids and the boyfriend of one of the maids,
Colby Ramos-Francis was born with a small, heart-shaped growth over his eyelid. But it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand. His parents claim NHS doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery, leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad. This week, Colby had the tumour removed free-of-charge thanks to the US-based Little Baby Face Foundation (LBFF)
US researchers discovered that a single gene called TcSAD1 is responsible for the melting point of cocoa butter. Findings could lead to new varieties of climate change-resistant cocoa plants. This could boost plants yields and the income of farmers. Cocoa butter with altered melting points may find new uses in specialty chocolates, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals.
Jenny-Lee, 28, was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy. Doctors at Sydney's Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy. She refused both options as they required her to receive a blood transfusion. Jehovah's Witnesses believe the Bible commands them to abstain from ingesting blood and that avoiding blood pays respect to God as the giver of life.
An Egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck as it evaded capture by animal control workers in Southern California died after it was wrangled and taken to surgery. The goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic Wednesday but then died a short time later. 'We are unsure if it was due to the extent of the injuries or some other complication. We were all hoping for a happy ending for this little guy,' said Katie Ingram of Orange County Animal Care.
Pew Research Centre asked 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 about their phone habits. Some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices. Nine in teenagers confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of Facebook and Instagram. Overall Facebook remains most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it.
David Serbeck, 42, was found guilty of three felony counts of unlawful sex with a minor in March 2012 and sentenced to up to 10 years in prison. His victim testified during the trial that she was 17 when she and Serbeck had sex three times in his Magna home in 2007. Two years after he had sex with the 17-year-old, Serbeck was shot and paralyzed in July 2009 by Reginald Campos, who suspected Serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an SUV. Campos was convicted of attempted murder and aggravated assault in 2010. In September 2013,
Luke Munro, 19, and Dylon Thompson, 21, raided a corner shop in Cleveleys, Lancashire. They pointed a'realistic looking' handgun at the owner, his wife, and their toddler. When they refused to hand over cash, the robbers threw sweets at them and fled empty handed. Munro was jailed for five years at Preston Crown Court for robbery and firearms offences. Thompson was sentenced to three years and four months for burglary and robbery.
Home Secretary Theresa May reveals plans to negotiate new deal with Europe. Unemployed migrants will be banned from receiving state support for four years. Those in work will be barred from claiming handouts like housing benefit or tax credits. Will also be a ban on 'exporting' child benefit for children living in other EU countries. Comes after Cameron failed to meet target of cutting net migration to the tens of thousands.
The tyranny of the nine-to-five is about money, but also about moral worth. Reading this book reminds me how times have changed dramatically since my generation left school or college in the Sixties with no worries about finding a job. Joanna Biggs makes it bleakly clear that for many people today, 'the idea that good work brings a good life no longer holds'
Carolyn Ross was looking out for the package to arrive at her home in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. When cops sliced open the bunny they found two condoms filled with the drugs. The pound of meth has a street value of around $30,000. Ross is being held at the Cherokee Detention Center on $75,000 bond.
Police believe the shooter is Kenneth Stancil, 20, a former student who did not graduate from Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. He allegedly entered the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun, went up to the third floor, and fired one shot, which killed long-time employee Ron Lane. Stancil is described as white, approximately 5'11", with a goatee, and a tattoo over his left eye. Authorities have issued a warrant for his arrest.
Tola Ore, 32, fitted a keyboard video mouse to the USB port of her computer. This allowed fraudsters to remotely access the workstation from outside the bank. The gang attempted to deposit £1,274,000 into 12 different bank accounts. Ora admitted one count of fraud at the Old Bailey as she was about to stand trial. She is eight-months pregnant and only took part because the gang threatened her daughter. Judge Richard Marks QC is due to sentence Ore later this morning.
American Pie's lyrics have been an enigma for more than 40 years. Hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called Don McLean. The lyrics were sold at auction in New York for over $1 million this week. American Pie illustrates what can be done within the frame of a pop song.
Chester, a six-year-old pit bull, was found as a stray and had been living in shelters for the past five years. The North Fork Animal Welfare League on Long Island posted a picture on Thursday that was hard for dog-lovers to resist. It showed Chester with a sign around his neck that read: 'Why doesn't anybody want me?' The picture was shared more than 6,000 times and inquires about adopting Chester poured in from all over the world. Within a couple of days, Chester was adopted by a family with two sons from New York.
Andrew Anderson, 43, was accused of forcing Julie McGoldrick, 53, to the floor. Gardener'strategised' his shopping and grabbed a TV near bottom of a pallet in Manchester. But he was pulled to the ground by Tesco workers as she grabbed the same one at the same time. Judge said it was not certain Mr Anderson 'went on not caring whether she was hurt or not' CCTV footage of the incident was shown at Manchester Magistrates' Court. Mr Anderson was cleared of any wrong-doing after judge said chaotic scenes made it hard to
The ink illustration appears to show the Jedi knight Yoda on the pages of a religious document. But in fact, the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the Biblical story of Samson. The Yoda like image comes from a 14th-century manuscript known as the Smithfield Decretals. It is not clear which character Yoda is meant to be in the tale.
Two-inch-long Asian hornets pose terrible danger to our honeybees. They pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is exhausted. Hornet thought to have travelled to France on some Chinese pot plants in 2004. UK beekeepers have been sent email alerts by Defra asking them to be on the look-out for the menaces.
Mike Cannon-Brookes is Australias equal richest self-made billionaire under 40. He co-founded software company Atlassian with his business partner Scott Farquhar 12 years ago. The 35-year-old IT entrepreneur is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $12 million to make a stunning 1918 Centennial Park mansion their home. Cannon-brookes will share the home with his wife, Annie Todd, the designer behind fashion label House of Cannon. On Thursday, Todd held her first ever runway show at Fashion Week Australia in Sydney.
Craft was supposed to be capturing footage of Royal Burgers Zoo chimp enclosure. But chimp managed to knock it out of the sky after pouncing on it with a stick. Incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the Dutch zoo. Programme makers had hoped to use drone to capture enclosure from above.
Atlanta Hawks star Thabo Sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six NYPD cops. Footage shows him being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers. Moments later, teammate Pero Anti is led away from the scene in handcuffs. Happened on the same night that Pacers star Chris Copeland and his wife were stabbed in an altercation outside the 1 OAK club in Chelsea, New York. Both were arrested for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene. Shezoy Bleary, 22, is accused of attacking the 31-year-
Gang of criminals broke into Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd over Easter weekend. They are thought to have hidden in an office before abseiling down a lift shaft and drilling into a vault. It came shortly after firefighters battled a major fire in Holborn - just 500 metres from the raid site. Former head of Scotland Yard's Flying Squad, John O'Connor, said the two incidents could be linked. He said the power outage and the proximity of the burglary was not a coincidence. The fire started underground just several hundred yards from where the heist took place.
FAA granted Amazon's request to test its new delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday. Company must supply monthly data to the regulators, and conduct flights at 400 feet (120 metres) orbelow and in 'visual meteorological conditions' Amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of Amazon Prime Air. The aircraft can travel at more than 50mph and carry loads of up to 5 pounds.
Clip was filmed on Saturday in Shortandy village, 40 miles north of the capital Astana. It captures the 100 metre-wide black ring of smoke hovering in the sky for 15 minutes. The video has been viewed more than 50,000 times since being uploaded to YouTube. Experts believe it was little more than a smoke ring generated by nearby factories.
Number of teenagers getting straight As at GCSE has soared by a third in five years. More than 20,000 passed ten or more GCSEs with either an A or A* grade between 2009 and 2013. Figures suggest Britain's most able students are increasingly getting top marks in all subjects. Critics say not enough has been done to stop qualifications becoming too easy.
Dustin Wayne South, 32, died Wednesday night at the scene, in a field behind Lassiter Middle School, a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of Louisville, Kentucky. Two bullets fired by police struck South, but neither was lethal, said Jo-Ann Farmer, chief deputy coroner. The coroner on Thursday formally ruled his death a suicide. Before police arrived on scene, a neighbor said she saw South fighting with a woman in the street in front of her house.
Video shows a sandstorm sweeping over the city of Soligorsk, Belarus, on Monday. Within minutes, the storm had blocked out the sun, turning the city into darkness. The storm was caused by a cold front moving in from the Ukrainian-Belarusian border. People from the region described the storm as like a 'doomsday scenario' or the apocalypse.
Jane Horrocks travelled along the Pacific Coast Highway (aka Route 1) from San Francisco to Los Angeles. It took Molly, Dylan and Jane three weeks to do it, and we fitted so much in during that time it's difficult to even do it justice. San Francisco is known as America's most European city, possibly because you'll need to pack a fleece even in July.
Sara Martin, 37, from Lititz, Pennsylvania, was diagnosed with cancer in 2010. Mother-of-three, who uses wheelchair, had aggressive, inoperable form of brain cancer. She saw her health decline this winter after undergoing second round of radiation treatment. Her sister, Amy Martin, told her sister: 'If you say "Florida," I'll get dad to take us' But she added: 'But you've got to know if you really want to go' The next day, Mrs Martin, who has not spoken for weeks, uttered the word 'Florida'
Girl, named locally as Leah Price, 15, was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries. It is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs at Blue Dolphin camping site in Filey, North Yorkshire. Her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services. Retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff said she heard crying and shouting. She said: 'I could hear crying in a van, it was such a drama. We first thought that somebody had thrown themselves over'
Enid Hatch, 70, told of the horror as she ran to help what she thought was an injured man. She discovered blood splattered walls where her husband had been brutally beaten. Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of Navy veteran Fred Hatch, 76, with a claw hammer. Rogers was sentenced to a hospital order under the Mental Health Act and told he may never be released. Mrs Hatch said: 'Fred didn't deserve to die this way - we had many happy years ahead of us'
James Koryor, 41, has been arrested in connection to the death of his two-year-old son, who was left locked in the family's car outside their Phoenix home for up to 2.5 hours, police say. Koryor is said to have admitted to drinking in the afternoon and going to sleep inside the home. The boy's mother then found him in the car some time later. Police say there was evidence of a struggle inside the car, indicating the boy had tried to get out. Temperatures reached up to 93 degrees outside on Monday.
Felix was discovered at JFK airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks. His owners, Jennifer Stewart, 31, and her husband, Joseph Naaman, 34, were left devastated after their beloved pet when missing from his damaged crate. The tabby's crate was travelling in an airline-approved carrier but it was damaged so badly  apparently while being transferred from the plane  that Felix was able to get out and run away.
Madonna, 56, made out with the 28-year-old singer for at least three seconds. Drake, who is 28 and she is 56, seemed horrified, even wiping his mouth. Sources told TMZ that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off, therefore the foul look.
Eye-spots are a common feature on butterfly wings but scientists have been divided over whether they were intended to mimic other predators or simply confuse them. Biologists at Jyväskylä University in Finland say they do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species, like owls. They flashed up digitally manipulated images of an owls face and the owl butterfly to see how great tits reacted. Images of owl eyes caused the birds to be startled, flee and in some cases give off alarm calls. But images of owls without eyes did not produce the same reaction.
The former Olympian and reality TV star, 65, will speak in a 'far-ranging' interview with Sawyer for a special edition of '20/20' on Friday April 24, ABC News announced on Monday. The interview comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six's transition to a woman, and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in California in February.
Claudia Martins, 33, gave birth alone at her sister's flat in Bristol last year. Portuguese national kept pregnancy secret from her family and friends. Paramedics were called after she was found sitting in the bath with 'a lot of blood' She had earlier suffocated the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat. She then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase. Martins was acquitted by a jury of a single charge of murder but convicted of manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Michael Rogan, 42, a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on Friday after the accident near the town of Cleveland, Wisconsin. His wife, Niki, and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old, who were also in the car, suffered minor injuries. Niki, who managed to steer the van into a shallow ditch after the impact, gave birth a few hours later to a son, Blaise. Friends set up a GoFundMe account to help +the family out with the goal of covering funeral expenses. Within three days almost $190,000
Inside the HQ of global company Moose Toys, the Cheltenham office in Melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms, table tennis table, aerobics room, gym and a custom staff lunch room. Staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the Employee of the Year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday. General manager of products Joost Poulus, said the vibrant and creative space brought out the best ideas from employees.
Revlon's new global tag line, Love Is On, is the label's first major relaunch in more than a decade. The ad is filmed entirely in black and white, with just a slick of pink visible on the woman's lips. We see the woman - taking on the role of seductress - pushing the man back onto the couch.
Mummies were discovered during restoration work at the Dominican church in Vác, Hungary. Researchers isolated bacterial DNA of several strains of the disease from mummies found in the crypt. They found 14 different strains of TB bacteria that had infected eight of the bodies in the tomb and traced them all back to a single source. All of the strains belonged to a lineage of Tuberculosis bacteria known as Lineage 4, which still causes more than a million TB cases a year in Europe and America.
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were stopped by police at Fujairah Airport. They were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained, were put into prison. Charges of espionage against the trio have been dropped at the Supreme Court in Abu Dhabi. Families of the three men confirmed they would finally be able to return home after two months. The men will be free to go after the court accepted a defense argument that they were pursuing their passion for plane spotting and had no ill intent.
Chris Brugger, 35, relapsed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma in December. The father-of-two is receiving non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for the disease. Brentuximab Vedotin is not available on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) His 'My Name Is Chris' campaign and website was launched in mid-January to raise money for the treatment. A cricket bat signed by all the Australian team was just one item auctioned to help raise money. Chris has been humbled by the generosity that has been shown to him in recent months.
A gunshot rang out and then a man was found dead with an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. near the buffet at M Resort Spa and Casino in Henderson, Nevada. One adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair.
The Chief Political Correspondent of Slate Magazine was announced as the new host on the show on Sunday. He is expected to make his first appearance this summer, ending Schieffer's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program. Dickerson worked for Time Magazine for 12 years, four of them as White House correspondent, and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign, the Obama presidency and his second run at the White House in 2010.
Beverley Davis, 35, conned 89-year-old Royal Marine Ray Warren out of almost £10,000. The mother-of-three tricked him into handing over his bank cards to steal £9,164. She used them to buy Chinese takeaways, pay for creche fees and clear some of her mortgage arrears. Mr Warren was left too traumatised to leave his home and stopped going out at night. He died just five months after her crime was discovered at Portsmouth Crown Court. His daughter Elaine Symonds said Davis 'got what she deserved' for
New Zealand couple Justin and Jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home. They wanted to ensure that, while in travel mode, the house would meet minimum road requirements. Inside, a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking. The bedroom, which sits in a small raised loft at the front of the truck, features wallpaper made from cut-outs of dozens of old musical songbooks. At the back of the castle, each of the turrets open up to reveal a composting toilet and a functioning shower and washing machine.
SNP leader said she would work with left-wing backbenchers to ensure Labour did not pursue austerity. She pledged to form alliances with Greens and Plaid Cymru to ensure no more cuts. Sturgeon said: 'I dont think the country can afford more austerity,' she told ITV's The Agenda. The comments came after a Scottish poll delivered another blow to Mr Milibands hopes of achieving an overall majority.
Nicola Sturgeon said she would try to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street' SNP leader said the offer stood'regardless of who is the biggest party' in the Commons. Her comments raise the prospect of Mr Miliband ending up in Number 10 as a result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in the House of Commons than the Tories. Labour has ruled out a formal coalition with SNP but has not rejected the prospect.
Abby Swinfield, 18, from Castle Donington, Derbyshire, was taken to hospital on March 30. Rushed to Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, but died a week later. It is believed she had taken the illegal Class B drug Mephedrone, known as M-Cat. Police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs, and she has been released on bail. Her mother, Kay, 39, said she is 'devastated' over her daughter's death, saying she suffered two heart attacks before
David Starkey says ethnic minorities and disabled people should not 'assume victim status' TV presenter, 70, says evidence suggests women are only of average intelligence. Says he does not believe any politician is equipped to be prime minister and'real talent has left politics' Hits out at Baroness Doreen Lawrence for 'treating blacks as victims' after Martin Luther King's death.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 24, and wife Sam, 48, met on the set of Nowhere Boy in 2009. He was 19 and she was 42 when they married at Babington House in Somerset. Six years later, they have two children and now live in Los Angeles. Taylor-Johnson says he doesn't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature. Friends of the couple call him Benjamin Button after Brad Pitt's character in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, who ages in reverse.
Soldier received £709,000 in compensation for bullying, it emerged last night. Another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems. Settlements are thought to be largest paid out by MoD as a result of bullying. Last year, MoD gave £81.9m in compensation to members of the Armed Forces.
Brock Guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his Northern California home in the abandoned car following a frantic search for him. Police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 Toyota Corolla after the boy's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home. But the car thief clearly didn't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away.
Debenhams, Monsoon and David's Bridal all offer bridal gowns on the high street. Can you tell which is the best and which sets you back thousands? The average cost of the big day is now £25,000 and brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. Would you rather splash the cash on a Vera Wang or Oleg Cassini gown?
Georgina Gosden, 25, allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman in the face at Mad Cow Tavern in Towsnville, north Queensland, on December 7 last year. The victim withdrew her complaint, but police are pursuing the charges. Gosden allegedly carried out a similar attack on a woman, 25 in the same club last April. She has pleaded not guilty to common assault and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue. Ms Gosden signed with Playboy last year and described herself as a 'tomboy' in high school.
The seven-car Maglevlev train travelled for almost 11 seconds at 373mph (600km/h) It beat last week's record of 366mph (590kph) during a test run near Mount Fuji. Maglev trains are able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it. It hovers four inches (10cm) above the tracks and is propelled by electrically charged magnets. The technology promises a ride that's smoother, quieter and almost twice as fast as traditional high-speed rail. Owner Central Japan Railway plans to have a train
Wendy Stokes, 74, had given up hope of ever seeing Toby again. He wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road. Toby was picked up by a passing driver and taken to an animal rescue centre. Six months ago, he was re-homed with a couple living in Margate, Kent. But the couple could just about make out the word 'Stokes' written in white paint on his shell.
The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June. Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships. Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months with a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99.
Pensions minister Steve Webb has urged people to take their time. He said over-55s dont have to rush this and insisted there was a case for waiting and seeing Yesterday the biggest pension reforms in a century were launched. But as Pensions Freedom Day arrived, the Government appealed for caution.
Adam Leheup, 34, cleared of rape and sexual assault by a jury at Blackfriars Crown Court. He had denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old during a night-long date in July 2013. Told the jury the woman 'freaked out' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts. Claimed he ignored her cries of 'no' and afterwards said: 'In my experience girls say no, but they don't mean it'
Jeremy Hunt promised an immediate crackdown if his party is in power after the election. His comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties, as well as health experts and medical professionals. The Mail revealed how hospital bosses had taken £35million in pay rises during the worst funding crisis in a generation. Labour's health spokesman Andy Burnham said his party would investigate findings.
Albert Roux has been dating a string of blondes since divorcing his wife of eight years, Zimbabwean-born heiress Cheryl Roux, last year. The coterie includes a former flame, an artist, a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce  former cloakroom attendant Nataliya Lutsyshyna. He has also been meeting up with British landscape artist Lynne Moore and Eastern European tea hostess Ljiljana Pavicevic. Mr Roux is said to have spent thousands on his new girlfriend.
Endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go. Procedure involves inserting the EBUS down the throat, guided by a tiny camera. An ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes tissue sample. Patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision, compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques. They survive for 503 days after diagnosis, compared to 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods.
Amanda, 42, stars in new campaign for Air Wick's new fragrance range. Says that it is the small touches in a home that make a real difference. The TV presenter says that fragrances are one of the easiest ways to perk up a room. Shoot was captured by Vogue photographer Willy Camden.
Luca Railton was born with bones missing from his legs due to bilateral tibial hemimelia. At 10-years-old doctors said nothing more could be done and he would need to have his leg amputated or fused straight. But his parents refused to accept these grim prospects and began fundraising. Found an American surgeon Dr Dror Paley, who assured them his leg could be saved. They raised £135,000 to take Luca to the US and he underwent a series of operations. Now, Luca is walking unaided and can even play cricket and tennis
Middlesbrough beat Wolves 2-0 in their Championship clash on Tuesday night. Jelle Vossen opened the scoring for Boro after just three minutes. Patrick Bamford doubled the home side's lead in the 11th minute. Substitute Diafra Sako pulled one back for Wolves in the 63rd minute.
Administration officials as high up the rung as the president last week made calls to more than 130 federal lawmakers, urging them to support the deal Secretary of State John Kerry negotiated with Iran. The president's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant 'that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like - but that's going to change today' With the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal, the White House said officials would hold classified briefings aimed at 'helping' them
Steven Nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother to their two-year-old son Ezra. Nelms said that he felt 'ashamed' for every time his wife felt she didn't have 'as much right to our income as I do' 'I would have to make over $100k to even begin to be able to cover my living expenses as well as employ my wife as a Stay-At-Home Mom!' he writes.
Anand Iyer, 36, quit his six-figure salary job at fashion site Threadflip to spend more time with his two-year-old daughter Ava. He 'felt terrible' about not seeing his little girl in the evening and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past. She proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning. The 44-year-old looked glamorous on her way to BBCs Andrew Marr Show in fuchsia dress. Miss Sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices.
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members. Today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques' BBC stressed that the audience was carefully selected by an process.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has become oldest Briton to complete the Marathon des Sables. The 71-year-old explorer has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass. He ran for more than 30 hours in temperatures topping 50C having had just one hour of sleep. Sir Ranulph has raised almost £1million for Marie Curie, previously raising £6.3m.
Ryan Heritage, 18, posted message on Trowbridge police's Facebook page. It read: 'Oi yo check if there's a warrant for my arrest, if so good luck!!!' He went out for a night out in his home town where he was spotted by police. Heritage was thrown in the cells for the night and put before magistrates the next morning. He was charged with theft and burglary and failing to answer bail on fraud charges.
87-year-old woman was travelling in First Class on the Boeing 777-300 jet. She was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced to land. Plane, carrying 211 passengers, turned around and landed at Shannon Airport. Pensioner has since been released without charge, and will be undergoing a 'fit-to-fly' screening.
Wendell Steiner, his wife, and their four children were stopped by police in Akron, Ohio during their 300-mile journey from Nova, Ohio to Pennsylvania. Dozens of concerned drivers called 911 and police pulled over the car. Mitt Romney famously came under fire during his 2012 run for the White House after it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his Irish Setter Seamus on top of his car in a carrier.
Britain's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies. Next's greatest strength is identifying catwalk trends that will appeal to its target market. The company is worth £11 billion, making it second only to Tesco in the retail sector. Shopping online at Next provides almost instant gratification, as items ordered before 11pm are guaranteed for delivery the next day.
The Great Dying, which struck the Earth 252 million years ago, wiped out more than 96% of the world's creatures. Volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event. But new research claims the majority of species on the planet were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic. In particular, they claim the volcanic eruptions released huge amounts of carbon dioxide which were absorbed into the oceans and changed their chemical compositions. The study, led by the University of Edinburgh, is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame. And the researchers said that the amount of carbon added to
Liz Norden's adult sons, JP and Paul, each lost a leg in 2013 Boston bombings. They were hit by shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashed by Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Norden said it is 'way too soon' for Mark Wahlberg to be turning atrocity into a movie. 'I don't think that could ever be re-created,' she said, adding: 'For people dealing with putting legs on every day or people who lost loved ones, that doesn't go away' Wahlberg is teaming up with CBS
Hillary Clinton's signature black GMC conversion van dropped her off at Capitol Fruit Company in Norwalk, Iowa on Tuesday. On Wednesday, she was met by a second 'Scooby' van with identical New York license plates and flashing lights. The two vans arrived separately at Clinton's appointed location separately, but left together in a seven-car motorcade. Mrs. Clinton enjoys constant protection at taxpayers' expense because she is part of a former first family, not as a result of her service in the U.S. Senate or the State Department.
Wrecks of the James McBride and the Rising Sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the Great Lake. The eerie images were captured by the U.S. Coast Guard from a helicopter during a routine patrol over the lake. Unpredictable weather makes Lake Michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms, fire, and fog causing the destruction of thousands of vessels over the years.
Julie McKenzie, 53, from Bushey, Herts, thought scoliosis was the cause of her back pain. She sought a second opinion from a private surgeon, who sent her for an MRI scan. The radiographer spotted that Julie's coccyx - the bone at the tail of the spine - was slightly enlarged. It contained a tumour.
Elizabeth Scarborough, 21, has been impersonating Taylor Swift since she was 15. The University of South Carolina student has learned to sing, dance, and act just like the singer. She has also learned how to play Taylor's music, and has even studied the singer's mannerisms and facial expressions.
Paula Dunican bought the coat from Asda in Canterbury, Kent, for £25. When she tried it on, she noticed a dark stain'seeping through' from the lining. Inside, a four inch-long gecko was flattened, its scales imprinted onto fabric. Supermarket apologised and offered her a £40 refund and £40 voucher.
Reverend Andrew Dotchin was celebrating the end of Lent when he was refused entry. He was told there were health and safety concerns, because a glass could fall on his foot. The 58-year-old vicar, who preaches at Whitton Parish Church in Ipswich, said he was 'gobsmacked' The bizarre run-in sparked a flurry of activity supporting him on Facebook, which he labelled 'hilarious'
Clem Schultz's beloved wife Geraldine died in the tornado that hit Fairdale, Illinois on Thursday. He thought his dog Missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after Missy was spotted by a ConEd worker, police called Schultz and reported the sighting. Missy was so traumatized by the storm that she ran 2.5 miles from Schultz and his grandson Tyler Rowan before they were able to catch up with her. Schultz said his wife was a'very strong woman'
Among the new signatories is Simon Woodroffe, the founder of Yo! Sushi. Others also include executives from two FTSE-100 firms and 10 from the FTTE-250 index. The announcement of the new names will heap pressure on Labour. They praise the cuts in corporation tax to 20 per cent, which they say is 'key part' of Tory plan.
CCTV footage has captured a woman allegedly stealing a donation box ahead of ANZAC Day at an RSL club in Melbourne. The woman is seen casually pulling off her reading glasses and covering the box with her black vest as she walks out of the entrance door. Caulfield RSL general manager Pete Frost has posted the footage on social media in a bid to track down the woman. He said he has informed police about the incident.
Charles Barnhoorn was found dead in his bedroom at the family home in Devon. He had taken hundreds of canisters of nitrous oxide - a legal high party drug commonly known as Nos. A computer was found in his room with a website 'appearing to make references to ways to commit suicide' His mother Susan has spoken out about the dangers of taking 'hippy crack'
Anti-racism protester Jacob King had a face off with a neo-Nazi at the Easter weekend's Reclaim Australia rallies. Mr King said he spread out his arms to protect his fellow protesters because he thought the man and his group was going to attack them. He said he learned Islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully'managed to unlearn and re-learn enough to accept that many of my simplified views were irrational' The dramatic scenes occurred after Reclaim. Australia, an anti-Islam group, organised protests at major cities across Australia,. which were countered by anti-rac
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of helping her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, murder her mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack at a luxury Bali hotel last August. Mack's attorney has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old Stella. The petition asks for around a half a million dollars to be transferred to Stella, who was born in Kerobakan Prison and has urgent needs, including clothing and baby wipes. 'I believe everyone would agree that the baby bears no culpability in this truly sad affair,' Vanessa Fav
Adorable creature had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in the early morning sun in India. Cute moment was captured by 19-year-old student, Ranajit Roy in his hometown of Bengaluru. The Indian palm squirrel is found naturally in India and Sri Lanka and is about the size of a chipmunk.
Sgt. George Hildebidle, who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children, barricaded himself inside his Grand Oaks home following a 911 call at 7am. Police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute. Local police called in the Charleston County Sheriff's Department, the crisis negotiations team, SWAT, and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation. At 12:17 pm, a SWAT team from the sheriff's office entered the home and found the individual deceased.
Carwyn Scott-Howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste in French resort of Flaine. He is believed to have ventured off-piste while trying to find his parents. The seven-year-old fell down a cliff after walking through steep wooded area to find them. Rescue workers found tracks in the snow leading to the top of the cliff where his body was found. Police believe he was killed instantly in the fall on Friday evening.
Domanik Green, 14, accused of accessing laptop at Paul R. Smith Middle School. He allegedly used administrator's password to alter desktop image to two men kissing. Pasco County Sheriff's office claim he illicitly made his way into encrypted system. But youngster maintains it was an innocent prank and he was arrested on Wednesday. Charged with 'offense against computer system, unauthorized access' which is a 3rd Degree Felony.
Nicole McDonough, 32, of Mount Olive, New Jersey, was arrested in December on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student. An investigation revealed that she had 'improper relations' with two other male students, ages 18 and 19. The married mother of two has applied for a Pre-Trial Intervention program, which provides non-violent offenders with alternatives to traditional prosecution. If she successfully completes the program, all charges against her would be dropped and her criminal record would be expunged. She will have to undergo random urine testing, pay restitution,
Autopsy will reconstruct final hours of actor's life on tonight's Channel 5 show. Will reveal he spent final days in a paranoid frenzy, aware'something was wrong with him' One day before his death, he stuffed his collection of watches into a sock and took it to a friend. He also spent final 24 hours frantically looking up drugs online, convinced he had another illness. Post-mortem examination revealed he had Lewy body dementia - undiagnosed illness.
John Truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old Ronnie Tran on Tuesday night so his sister could have a date night out with her boyfriend. The next day, he realized he was harboring an abducted child when he read an Amber Alert online and realized the toddler had been taken from his mother. Truong's sister Alyssa Chang and the boy's grandmother, Vien Nguyen, were arrested in connection to the kidnapping. Police say they incapacitated the child's mother at her home in Des Moines, Washington, bound her with plastic ties and then took the two to another home
The 37-year-old rapper penned an essay for Paper magazine's April issue, in which he discussed his 'world dream' He said that if there was an actual Illuminati, 'it would be more like the energy companies' - not Hollywood stars. Kanye said that he believes that a 'little self-belief can go a long way' and that beauty is important.
Deborah Steel, 37, ran the Royal Standard pub in Ely, Cambridgeshire. She was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 December 1997. Police believe she was killed and have reclassified the investigation as murder. But the 37-year-old's body has never been found. The search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation.
Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe is to be moved to a low security Priory unit. Mass murderer has spent three decades in Broadmoor jail for savage killings of 13 women. Families of his victims are furious at plans to move him from high security hospital. Sutcliffe is said to enjoy eating chocolate, watching TV and listening to music in jail. He is also said to receive visitors four days a week who can stay for up to four hours. A report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal.
Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan were arrested for the Bali Nine drug smuggling operation in 2005. It is exactly a decade to the day that they were sentenced to death on Execution Island in Java. The pair are in an isolated cell pinning their hopes on yet another legal quest for mercy which rests with a court that has previously recommended an option of a life sentence for reformed inmates. Sukumaran's 34th birthday is being marked in London where his cousin has organised an exhibition of his paintings at the Amnesty International headquarters. His cousin, Niranjela Karunatilake
Honza and Claudine Lafond, who live in Sydney, have more than 251,000 followers on Instagram. The couple, who married in 2008, specialise in AcroVinyasa yoga, a type of yoga that combines traditional practice with L-based acrobatic flying. Their travels have taken them all over the globe, from Ubud, Bali, to Barcelona to the banks of the Hudson River in New York.
Kim Roberts admitted stealing paintings, vases and silverware from Countess of Bathurst. The housekeeper, 58, worked for the 87-year-old and helped herself to the riches. Haul included a sketch by Picasso and pewter plates, Gloucester Crown Court heard. Roberts admitted stealing antique vases between May and August in 2013. She also stole a 4x4 Volvo XC90  worth at least £45,000  from previous employer.
Kylie Gulliver, 29, from Melbourne started Elliott Label three years ago. Kourtney Kardashian, Cameron Diaz and Drew Barrymore are fans of the label. Robin Antin, founder of The Pussycat Dolls and GRL, has joined the brand as business partner. The pair met through Instagram and the business has sky rocketed. Elliott Label is now a lifestyle brand with a mass market across Australia, the US, UK, Norway and Israel.
Kym Norris was diagnosed with leukaemia last August. Bobby launched #SaveBobbysMum appeal to urge people to sign up as stem cell donors. In one week he inspired more than 3,000 to sign the Anthony Nolan register. To Bobby's relief, the team at Anthony Nolan were able to identify a stranger on register of potential donors whose tissue type matched Kym's and who was willing to donate their stem cells.
David Cameron has promised in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from Brussels. But Tesco chairman John Allan said the 'cart is very firmly before the horse' He suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from London to other sites in Europe'relatively painlessly' if Britain exits the EU.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury snapped with call girl Brooke Magnanti in Inverness. The pair were drinking at the Nip festival, which celebrates gins and whiskies of the Highlands. Comes as David Cameron faces growing revolt over his 'flat-footed' General Election campaign.
Man in his 20s struck by Northern line train at Stockwell station in south London. Passengers watched in horror as he was hit on the head by rush-hour train this morning. He was rushed to hospital with life-threatening head injuries and taken as a 'priority' London Ambulance Service said it sent an ambulance to the scene shortly before 9am.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their eight-month-old baby son Hudson were killed on Monday morning when a concrete barrier fell on top of their pickup truck. They were driving underneath the state's Route 410 overpass in Bonney Lake, Washington, where workers were installing a sidewalk. The barrier weighed 'tons' according to investigators and the damage to the family's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies. It remains unknown what caused the'very heavy' concrete structure to fall from the overpass, which was built in 1992.
The Duke of York visited the offices of paint firm AkzoNobel in Slough. It was his first public appearance since lurid sex claims against him were thrown out. The 55-year-old has always denied the claims made by Virginia Roberts, now 31. Miss Roberts claimed she was a sex slave of disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein.
Carol Lloyd stopped her car near Jeppestown, near Johannesburg, after rocks were thrown at her window and she was left bloodied. Violent anti-immigrant protests have been sweeping South Africa for two weeks and six people have been killed. Dozens of shops and homes owned by Somalis, Ethiopians, Malawians and other immigrants in Durban and surrounding townships have been targeted. Protests flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should leave South Africa. Police responded to the wave of violence by firing tear gas and rubber bullets at
Rhiannon Langley, from Melbourne, is undergoing rhinoplasty in Thailand. The 24-year-old hairdresser has 189,000 followers on Instagram. She is sharing every step of the journey with hundreds of thousands of strangers. Follow along on her social media accounts on the hashtag created just for the event. Her $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' package with CosMediTour included a stay in a Phuket beach hotel.
The change in policy comes as former board member Hillary Clinton undertakes her presidential campaign. Future donations will only be allowed from the governments of Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom. Clinton Foundation donations between 2001 and 2015 showed governments and agencies from 16 nations gave direct grants of between $55 million and $130 million. While direct contributions from other governments would be halted, those nations could continue participating in the Clinton Global Initiative.
Poppy Moore, 23, married Sam Myers at Chelsea Register Office yesterday. The bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses. She wore her hair in a half up-do, with a Sixties-style beehive - perhaps in reference to her grandfather's heyday. Among the guests were Poppy's mother Sara and her grandmother Tina.
Fan ran across the track during practice for the Chinese Grand Prix. The man scaled the grandstand before sprinting across the start-finish line. He then climbed the pit wall before walking into the Ferrari garage. Waving his entry ticket, it is believed the local man shouted: 'I want a car. I have a ticket' He was handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit.
Evan Summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out by himself. But just hours later he was fighting for his life after developing a rash on his head. He was rushed to Derriford Hospital in Plymouth but doctors couldn't save him. His death has devastated his parents Shannon Summerfield, 17, and Kris Adams, 19. Family friend Charlie McManus has set up a fund-raising page to help pay for his funeral.
Bethany Farrell, 23, from Essex, died on February 17 while scuba diving in Queensland's Whitsundays. She was on her first ever scuba dive when she became separated from her instructor while swimming on the Great Barrier Reef. Scathing reviews have been posted to TripAdvisor slamming tour operators Wings Diving Adventures for their handling of the tragic incident. Friends of Ms Farrell claim staff deleted photos that were taken shortly before the doomed young woman left the boat. 'Grave mistakes have been made. Ultimately her life was in their hands. Now shes dead,'
Italian activist and artist aleXsandro Palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project, 'What Kind Of Man Are You?' Women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera, sometimes staring boldly into the lens, and sometimes hiding behind the knickers. The messages, written by Italian women in a combination of English and Italian, range from the cheeky to the very simple.
Plane began to plunge after it was struck by lightning. Autopilot ignored pilot's commands to climb and tried to crash the plane into the sea. Plane pitched down, falling at 9,500ft a minute, and fell to just 1,100ft above the ocean.
Julia Ware, who was 15 at the time of the accident, appeared at Wayne County Court in Honesdale, Pennslyvania, on Wednesday. The families of Shamus Digney, Cullen Keffer and Ryan Lesher watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors. She accepted responsibility for three felony counts of homicide by vehicle and two misdemeanor counts of accident involving death or injury. Her father, Michael Ware, is awaiting trial on three counts of involuntary manslaughter, endangering the welfare of children and other charges for allegedly allowing Ware to drive.
39-year-old Lianna Barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone. Barrientos' first marriage took place in 1999 to Mohamed Gerbril, followed by a 2001 marriage to Ahmed Allam, then a second 2001 marriage. Her last marriage was in 2010 to Salle Keita. She was arrested in November 2014 for offering a false instrument for filing felony charges.
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, is the biggest in the Middle East. British photographer Julian John has long been fascinated with the impressive structure and its incredible interiors. Now living abroad, John visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be the 'jewel in the UAE's crown'
Austin Bird, a Democratic Party insider, told Daily Mail Online that Clinton's Iowa political director Troy Price asked him and two other young people to meet him at a restaurant Tuesday morning. Price then drove them to a coffee shop in Davenport, Iowa where Clinton sat to talk with them for about a half-hour. 'It was supposed to be a strategy meeting,' Bird said, 'to get our thoughts about issues. But then all of a sudden he says, "Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her?"' 'And then we got in a
Nearly one out of six NFL players will declare bankruptcy within 12 years of retiring from the league, according to a new study. The rate of bankruptcy remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid. This, despite the average player making $3.2million over the course of a career. Former players go broke at about 1.1percent per year, the same rate as the rest of Americans.
Survey reveals which party supporters are most likely to pack the speedos and watch TV. Scottish National Party are also more likely to bring out the Speedo swimming trunks. UKIP supporters are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent requiring this as standard. Nearly half of Green Party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as New Zealand.
Esther McVey won her Wirral West seat in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436. But she is now in a fierce battle to cling on to her marginal seat in the general election. The employment minister has been branded'murderer' and 'going to hell' in graffiti. She has called on Ed Miliband to condemn the'scurrilous' campaign against her. Former GMTV presenter insists she will not be intimidated by'misogynistic and sexist' attacks.
TOWIE star, 29, is face of Hotel Summers campaign. First celebrity face of lingerie brand. Shows off incredible figure in resort collection of 15 swimwear pieces. Says she is a huge fan of the brand and is 'thrilled' to be on board.
Adele Sarno, 85, has been living in her two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan's Little Italy neighborhood for more than 50 years. Her landlord is the Italian American Museum which is dedicated to the legacy of Italian-Americans and is situated below her home. They sent her a letter five years ago seeking to increase rent to $3,500. Sarno believes the museum is just after more money, pointing out that her upstairs neighbors pay several thousand dollars a month in rent. A judge has given her lawyers until April 13 to find some kind of solution.
Representative Jesse Young wants to use two or three carriers to link Bremerton and Port Orchard across the Sinclair Inlet. A proposal put forth by Young would use money from the state's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge. The idea is intriguing because the US Navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site. Navy spokesman said the USS Independence and the USS Kitty Hawk are not 'currently available'
The unnamed 1960s band attended the same brothel as Jimmy Savile in the 1970s. The group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document. It related to a notorious flat in Battersea, South West London used by paedophiles. Savile was known to be a regular visitor to the brothel in the 70s and 80s.
Army major John Jackson and his wife Carolyn are currently on trial for abusing their three foster children. The couple's first child abuse trial was ruled a mistrial when a prosecutor mentioned the death of one of their sons - a detail that was not supposed to be mentioned in the proceedings. They were stationed at Picatinny Arsenal, a military installation about 40 miles west of New York City, when the abuse occurred between 2005 and 2010.
Shoppers in Beijing have taken over half of beds and sofas in one store. One woman said she came in to IKEA especially to grab a quick forty-five-winks on display furniture. IKEA has banned people from taking off their shoes to sleep on display beds and sofa. But long-suffering staff said the problem has become widespread across China. They said: 'There are too many people doing this, it's not possible to stop it'
Sandra Garratt, 56, was in constant agony after two back operations for a slipped disc. Doctors told her there was nothing more they could do to ease her suffering. She told her husband she was 'popping out' on Good Friday and left home in Rowley Regis. Hours later her body was found at the Cornbow Shopping Centre in Halesowen, West Midlands.
Joyce Tabram, 82, was 39 kilograms when she was admitted to Fiona Stanley Hospital in Perth on March 30 with a swollen abdomen. She was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her. Ms Tabram said her test was put off until April 3 after she became fed up with no action being taken. Opposition leader Mark McGowan said it was a form of torture and gross incompetence. Health Minister Kim Hames defended FSH doctors' treatment of Ms Tabram.
Tim Farron accused by dead man's widow of 'betrayal' after inquest found he jumped from roof. Deputy leader of Cumbria County Council fell from three-storey property in Windermere. Inquest found he suffered 'intense stress' after being vilified over new parking charges. Mr Stephensons widow Hilary has angrily accused Mr Farron of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy.
According to George R. R. Martin's books, Valyrian steel is a super strong and light metal forged during the reign of the Essos empire. It was reportedly forged using Westerosi magic and the secret to forging it was said to have been lost with the Doom of Valyria. In the latest Reactions video for the American Chemical Society, materials scientist Ryan Consell studied which materials could create a similar sword. He looked at the composition of modern steel, welding techniques and assessing all the characteristics of the fictional steel. Mr Consell concludes it isn't a steel at all, but instead
The annual Easter parade took place on Manhattan's Fifth Avenue on Sunday afternoon. Bunny ears, eggs and flowers were among the more conservative headgear worn by revelers. One woman wore a large ship with blue sails on her head, while another sported an elaborate diorama based on the policies of Mayor Bill de Blasio. The parade began in the 1880s as a display of what prosperous New Yorkers wore to church, but has morphed into a costume circus in recent decades.
La-Sonya Mitchell-Clark, 38, of Youngstown, Ohio, received birth records for people born between January 1, 1964, and September 18, 1996, last month. She looked up her mother's name, Francine Simmons, on Facebook and found out she worked at the same call-center operation company as her. Mitchell-Clark also found out that she has three younger sisters she didn't know about.
Bones found in Gough's Cave in Somerset had human teeth marks on them. Skulls also showed signs they had been broken and shaped into cups or bowls. Findings suggest people living in the cave indulged in ritual cannibalism 14,700 years ago. Archaeologists from the Natural History Museum in London and University College London believe it was a macabre way to deal with the dead.
Jean Sharon Abbott, 38, from Plymouth, Minnesota, was told she had spastic diplegia, a form of cerebral palsy, when she was just four-years-old. She suffered from muscle spasms, weakness, near immobility, as well as undergoing painful surgical procedures for decades. At the age of 33, she learned she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia (DRD), a rare, yet treatable, muscle disorder. Her neurologist told her she had been living with DRD, noting that most of her symptoms would improve or disappear with a daily
Boston University's Matt OConnor lost track of a puck in his glove and managed to kick it into his own net. The junior player's own-goal turned his team's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie. Brandon Tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the Friars the lead and the eventual win. It was the school's first NCAA hockey title and third straight year a first-time champion has won it all.
A 48-year-old man has been charged with more than 100 domestic violence-related offences. The offences include rape,'solicit to murder' and assault against his wife. A police spokesperson confirmed that each of the 102 offences had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years. Officers were first called to a residence in February where they found the woman with a fractured leg and bruising after she jumped off a balcony during a domestic dispute. He was remanded in custody and will reappear in court on June 10.
A federal judge has sentenced former Blackwater security guard Nicholas Slatten to life in prison for his role in a 2007 shooting that killed 14 Iraqi civilians and wounded 17 others. Three other guards - Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison. U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency, and prosecutors asked that those sentences be made even harsher. All four were convicted in October for their involvement in the killings that caused an international uproar in Nisoor
Double Falsehood was written by Lewis Theobald in London in 1727. He claimed it was a re-working of an original by the Bard and that he had three original texts. His claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the 18th century. But a new study of its language has built up a psychological profile of the writer. It'strongly identifies' the legendary playwright as the true author.
Joseph O'Riordan, 74, accused of stabbing wife Mandy, 47, eight times with kitchen knife. Friend Alfred Harris told how he had confided in him that he believed she was having an affair. He said: 'If she wanted to have sex with someone else once a month that would be okay as long as she stayed with him' Jury also shown dramatic footage of moment police arrived at couples home to be greeted by a calm O Riordan opening the door.
Aaronessa Keaton of Phoenix, Arizona was arrested Monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child. Keaton was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and Benzodiazepines in her system when she crashed head-on into a car carrying two children. One of the children died from their injuries, and when told of this after her arrest, Keaton said; 'Sh*t happens' She was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time.
Lydia Millen and Ali Gordon met two years ago after Ali 'liked' one of her Instagram pictures. The couple have been dating for two years and have moved in together. Lydia is a full-time blogger and Ali is an ambassador for PhD Nutrition. Both have large followings on Instagram with Lydia boasting 194,000 followers and Ali has 109,000.
A note was left on the windscreen of a car in Cammeray, a wealthy inner-Sydney suburb. It read: 'If you can't afford to park in the CBD don't come here!!' The North Shore suburb was split on the letter, with other locals 'horrified' by the letter.
Josh Darnbrough, 24, passed out at a party and awoke to find he had been tattooed. His friend Rob Gaskell, also 24, had tattooed 'If found face down call an ambulance' on his back. Rob carried out the practical joke in revenge for a tattoo Josh had done on his leg two years ago. Josh had attempted to do a DIY tattoo with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong. Amazingly, the prank hasn't harmed the pair's friendship - and they still see each other every day.
A lack of bacteria in the gut means we are less equipped to deal with germs. Our bodies often overreact when we come into contact with bugs, dust or pollen. People in the US had far smaller collection of bacteria than people from Papua New Guinea. Many scientists believe modern society, with its mania for sanitation and easy access to antibiotics, makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens.
Alexander Soumbadze, 26, charged with eight counts of possessing child pornography. Police in Maryland have issued a warrant for the arrest of the Tbilisi, Georgia, native. Videos recovered by police show the martial arts teacher inappropriately touching and engaging in sexual acts with adolescent males at a Maryland karate studio. The videos were taken before October 2011 and police are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges.
A report suggests that carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in Cola. Many nations are looking into Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions, of which carbon dioxide plays a large role. But there are concerns over storing such huge amounts of carbon underground. The governments Energy White Paper has an idea of how to overcome this. It says: If the CO2 can be captured before it is released to the atmosphere it can either be utilised in other products or permanently stored
B2C Data sold our reporters the financial data of 15,000 people. Data Bubble supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients. Both companies sold records despite not carrying out checks on the Mails bogus cold calling firm. The Direct Marketing Commission said it would probe both companies.
Prime Minister accused the SNP and Labour of posing a 'clear and present danger' He said the two parties were pretending to'slug it out' ahead of next month's poll. But he insisted they were both working to ramp up spending regardless of the deficit. Attack comes ahead of tonight's live TV election debates between main 'challenger' parties.
Dr. Anthony J. Moschetto, 54, allegedly used drugs, guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute, investigators said. Moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man's office; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal. He then hired someone who turned out to be an undercover police officer in a failed attempt to have his rival hurt or killed, authorities said on Wednesday. Investigators who went to his home in Sands Point on Long Island's Gold Coast - one of the nation's wealthiest areas - found
David Tungate, 58, was left devastated after the marriage to his first Gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the UK. He then remarried, but his second wife, also from Gambia, turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of £24,000 of his retirement money. Determined not to let the experiences put him off, David is now dating a third Gambian woman.
Queen Victoria spent her holidays at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. She would travel to Portsmouth by train and then by ferry to Ryde. From Ryde there was a railway line that passed not far from Osborne House. But the nearest station was at Wootton, more than two miles from the property. So a station was built at Whippingham, the closest point on the line to Osborne House  just to serve the Royal residence. Victoria died in 1901 and the station went into public use in 1903. However, services ended in 1966, after which the station was converted into
Larry Kramer, 79, says he believes what's written in his history book is true though he is selling it as fiction to avoid legal troubles. In Volume One of his two part book 'The American People,' Kramer says that Abraham Lincoln was gay and his killer John Wilkes Booth was actually Lincoln's spurned gay lover. Kramer says that historians just don't have 'gaydar' when it comes to studying historic figures and that George was was 'basically a big queen' According to Kramer, Alexander Hamilton was in love with George Washington claims the pair had an erotic father and son attraction.
Ben Sunderman, 19, who has Down syndrome, was one of 12 students with special needs who got a spot on the special education internship with Embassy Suites. In the video filmed by his mother, he thoroughly looks over the letter on April 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting 'I get it. I get the job!' With hugs, laughs and excitement all around, the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles. Last year, his mom said he won the title of prom king by a landslide at school
Elspeth McKendrick, 16, was diagnosed with mild form of autism in 2012. The Doctor Who and Sherlock fan desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends. Her parents said she was 'happy to be odd and eccentric' but was'very much in denial' Last August she was found hanged in her bedroom after leaving a note apologising to her family. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Street View lets you virtually explore both above and beneath the water in the iconic Scottish waterway. Google partnered with Catlin Seaview Survey and Adrian Shine from the Loch Ness and Morar Project to capture the Street View images. Site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the 'Surgeon's Photograph' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934. The tech giant has also released a Google Doodle to commemorate the anniversary and changed the yellow Pegman to a Nessie peg-monster. Loch Ness stretches for 23 miles (37 km) southwest of Inverness and is almost 800
Kenneth Crowder, 41, was arrested in Melbourne, Florida, on Friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself God. He was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a tree. A police officer shocked him with a Taser twice, but each time he pulled the probes out of his body and attempted to fight the officer. The officer then punched Crowder in the face and he fought back, claiming he was Thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge. Crowder was arrested on charges of battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting with violence, and
Plus-size model Laura Wells says her'skinnier' model room mates were told to only eat 'one cracker and a couple of glasses of water' before Fashion Week. The 177-centimetre beauty says they compared themselves to her as she was working non-stop. 'It's completely unhealthy, not only for their body but mentally as well,' she says. Her comments come days after France passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk. Agents and fashion houses that hire them could also face fines and imprisonment.
Sum is almost five times the Prime Ministers £142,500 pay packet. A further 11 dentists were paid between £400,000 and £500,000. Campaigners said the payments were scandalous and unacceptable
Prince Abdul Malik, 31, and Dayangku Raabi'atul 'Adawiyyah Pengiran Haji Bolkiah, 22, have wed in Brunei's capital, Bandar Seri Begawan. Malik is the son of the Sultan of Brunei, one of the world's richest men, and the sixth child of his current wife, Queen Saleha. The couple wore matching traditional Malay dress, with the bride's veil constructed of swathes of intricate lace. Bride wore jewel-encrusted Christian Louboutin heels encrusted Swarovski
Boston Red Sox took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on Saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by Mookie Betts. Xander Bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings. Chase Headley and Mark Teixeira hit tying home runs for the Yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th. Fans used their cell phones to point at the field to help with the lack of light.
Lesley Jonathon Cameron was jailed for life on Tuesday for the horrific December 2013 murder of Maureen Anne Horstman, 67, and her 26-year-old daughter Tamara. The pair were bludgeoned with a hammer and stabbed to death with scissors in their own home in Perth, WA. Cameron, who was 19 and at the time, also raped Tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead. A used condom with DNA evidence was found after the incident.
Rescue the Anorexia Girl was available to download on Amazon until they removed it following complaints. Game is based on children's favourite Whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl. If the player misses the girl, she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies.
Ryanair and Aer Lingus reignited their feud on Twitter with a cheeky dig at each other. Ryanair shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in Dublin Airport's Terminal 2. Aer Lingus tweeted: 'Fly from T2 at @DublinAirport to central locations across Europe. T1 gets you nearly there, we get you really there' The two Dublin-based airlines traded a few more tweets before calling it quits.
Malawian police have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos. Tanzanian Prime Minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts. In Burundi, albinos are being housed in special accommodation under army protection in a bid to deter attackers. At least 15 people with albinism have been killed, wounded, abducted or kidnapped in East Africa in the past six months.
Russian supermodel, 29, split from her partner of five years, footballer Christiano Ronaldo, in January. Linda Farrow eyewear's Spring Summer 15 campaign shows Irina getting close to Jarrod Scott. Video follows the couple cavorting around an LA pool in the sunshine, wearing the latest SS15 styles. The behind-the-scenes film shows stunning Irina slowly emerging from the glistening water.
Controversial contest is held in the forests of the diamond-rich Sakha Republic. It is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter. Dogs have to bark as loudly, and as menacingly, as they can with their cajoling. The more fearsome the harassment, and the greater the number of bites on the bear, the higher the score.
Pamela Clothier was forced to leave her home after her husband died in 1991. The 92-year-old went to hospital and came home to find her house had been cleared out. Her son Peter, who lives with her in Battle, Sussex, says he saved many of her things. Age UK has apologised and offered the pensioner £1,000 compensation for the ordeal. But she says she did not give permission for the charity to clear out her home.
David Cameron says three in five new jobs should be created outside London. Warns that the recovery must be seen in every part of the country and not just the capital. Latest figures show that there are 2million more people in work than in 2010. Tories have promised to create another 2million jobs by 2020. Cameron was joined by Chancellor George Osborne to launch North West manifesto.
Brett Matthew Paul Thomas, now 56, and Mark Titch, 17, were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in Orange County. Thomas, who was 18 at the time, and Titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole. Titch died behind bars last year at the age of 55. Prosecutors and relatives of the victims headed to a San Diego courthouse for the hearing to urge the parole board to grant a 15-year window.
The expanded search will 'cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis', Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said. He made the announcement after meeting with Malaysian transport ministers Liow Tiong Lai and Yang Chuantang on Thursday. Mr Truss added all those involved in the search were determined to do everything possible 'to give answers to the families of the loves ones who've been lost' Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on-board last March. The search has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean
Callum Ryan, 21, has never run a marathon before but has committed himself to running eight of them between January and September 2015. His Eight Great States campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend, Malachy Frawley. Malachy died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old. Callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience Malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a Congenital Heart Disease. Every step of the way, the memory of Malachy is never far from Callum's mind
President Obama met Usain Bolt during his visit to Jamaica on Thursday. He could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark 'lightning pose' Obama praised Bolt saying 'Nobody's ever been faster than this guy. Ever...of all the billions of people' He then told Bolt 'Wait, wait should we get a pose here? Come on man show me' before the pair busted out in the sprinter's signature pose for cameras.
Tory MP Mark Reckless defected to Ukip to trigger Rochester and Strood by-election. Reckless now faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority in the seat. When he stood for the Tories in 2010 he had a majority of just under 10,000 votes. Some analysts think Ukip could be left with just one MP - Douglas Carswell.
'I really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit,' said kindergarten teacher Cheryl Meyer, 'if you want to become president of the United States' Christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled. 'There are always going to be differences of opinion in style,' he said before explaining, to applause, that he doesn't believe public figures must answer politely no matter how nasty a question or comment might be.
Danielle Davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband Brian in 2011. Brian was involved in a near fatal motorcycle crash just seven months after they were married. Doctors initially urged his wife to take him off life support. Eventually, Brian started to improve and miraculously spoke the words 'I'm trying' one day weeks after Danielle took him home with dismal prospects.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, used to work as a security guard at Morrisons. Left his parents house and became an ISIS jihadist in Syria, where he lives with his mother. Has been busy writing advice about 'dealing' with wannabe jihadi brides on social media. Admits it took him 50 minutes to peel 10 minuscule potatoes. Recently claimed he was a terror camp trainer whilst he was with Jabhat al-Nusra.
Video footage captured the moment Xu Weiguo grabbed the woman's arm just in time. He had clambered out on to the ledge when police failed to talk her down. Video shows him grabbing her arm just as she appears to be pushing herself away. She was eventually bundled back through the window kicking and screaming by firemen.
Google executive, Eric Schmidt, said the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating Google Images. It was the most popular search query we had ever seen, he said. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin kept iterating, said Schmidt. They started with images, because people wanted more than just text. When Google Images was launched in July 2001, the site offered access to 250 million images. Ten year later, that figure reached more than 10 billion.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, gave birth to a healthy baby boy named James Hunter on Tuesday. He weighed in at a healthy eight pounds, seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth. The mother-to-be came under fire last month as critics claimed her trim figure could be harmful to her unborn child.
Man was Tasered after refusing to abide by security protocol at Toronto Airport. Police say he was told he would not be allowed to board a Turkish Airlines flight. The man, believed to be mentally disturbed, refused to respond to officials' attempts to talk to him. Video appears to show the man mumbling and staring ahead while Taser is visible. He stands for a number of seconds, shaking visibly, before he is brought to the ground. It is not clear whether authorities will be seeking criminal charges against him.
Sky turned bright red for nearly an hour in Aershan city in Inner Mongolia. People in the northern city feared the end was nigh when the heavens opened and out of the sky fell mud. The scary natural phenomenon happened at 2pm on Wednesday in the city. Just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded and the sky had returned to normal.
Created by artist Paul Erard in the Swiss city of La Chaux-de-Fonds. Petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power. Currently holds Guinness World Record for smallest working revolver. Bullets it fires also appear in book as tiniest live ammunition ever created. The mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold and costs £300,000.
Astronomers detected the complex organic molecules in a disc of gas around an infant star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming. Radio telescope observations showed the disk surrounding the million-year-old star MWC 480 to be 'brimming' with the complex carbon-based molecule methyl cyanide. Discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on Earth are not unique to our solar system. Experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded Earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve.
Naked bodies of young couple found stuffed in metal trunks in a public park in Haryana state. Man's legs were chopped off and put in trunk, while partner was wearing wedding bangles. Police say it appears the couple were strangled and dumped in the park later. India has witnessed honour killings - where couples are targeted because their families disapprove - for centuries.
Helen Mirren, 69, believes she was in her prime age-wise in the 'unfortunate' 1970s. Says that the decade after the sexual revolution but before feminism was 'perilous' for women. 'Men saw that as, "Oh, fantastic! We can f*** anything, however we like, whenever we like! They're up for grabs, boys!' she said.
New York Daily News claimed that Sharpton's family asked him to avoid 'circus' Sharpton said there was 'never a discussion' about him attending funeral of Walter Scott. He will now head to North Charleston, South Carolina, to give a service on Sunday. Will also attend vigil at the spot where Scott was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager.
deposit containing the bone was discovered during excavations ahead of a new pipeline in Landford, Essex. It was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet (one metre) and then backfilled with soil. Three radiocarbon dates, two from bone fragments and one from charcoal, have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old. The find is significant because it sheds light on early human society in Mesolithic Britain, when people were nomadic hunter gatherers.
The Random Darknet Shopper program randomly purchased items on the 'dark net' It purchased trainers, jeans, cigarettes, a set of masterkeys and a DVD case containing 10 ecstasy tablets. The drugs were sent to an exhibition at the Kunst Halle in St Gallen, in north east Switzerland. Police seized the drugs, the computer and the rest of the items it had purchased. Artists behind the project described the police's actions as an 'unjustified intervention into the freedom of art'
Braylon Robinson was playing at a house in Cleveland, Ohio, on Sunday. Another three-year-old boy found unattended weapon and pulled trigger. Bullet struck baby boy in the face; he was rushed to hospital, where he died. Now, police are trying to determine where gun came from and who left it. Cousin Trashawn Robinson said family has been torn apart by the youngster's death.
Doug Hughes, a postal worker from Florida, was arrested Wednesday after he flew a gyrocopter onto the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol. He was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday that the copter 'apparently literally flew in under the radar,' as concerned lawmakers questioned how it was allowed to happen and why. Hughes has said he was making the flight to publicize his concerns about the corrupting influence of money in politics, and deliver letters to all 535 members of Congress on the topic.
Defence Minister Kevin Andrews was unable to name the leader of Islamic State on ABC's 7.30 program. He was appearing on the same day as the Federal Government announced 330 troops would be leaving for Iraq. Australian soldiers are embarking on a two-year mission in Iraq, but will be spending it 'behind the wire' not engaging in combat.
Peter Fox, 26, arrested at Euston Station in London this morning on suspicion of murders. His mother Bernadette, 57, and sister Sarah, 27, were found dead in Bootle, Merseyside. Police said Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Detectives released CCTV images of Peter Fox leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 10.57pm on Wednesday. Body of his sister Sarah was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her mother. Family of the victims have said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Footprints found in Ileret, northwest Kenya, are the oldest human footprints in the world. They were discovered in 2009 by researchers at Bournemouth University and Rutgers University. The prints were preserved in sediment that had once been the shoreline of an ancient lake. Alongside the human prints were those of birds including storks, pelicans, crocodiles, antelope, hippos, bovids and other predators. Analysis of the prints showed they had been made by a species with a similar bipedal stance and gait to modern humans, with a pronounced arch and short toes
Satellite images show the sandstorm sweeping across Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates over a period of seven days. It caused chaos across the area's major cities including Riyadh and Dubai, where some locations were reduced to zero visibility. More than 450 Saudi Arabian Airlines flights were cancelled between Wednesday and Friday - 33 per cent of the carrier's scheduled flights. 678 flights were delayed and another 19 rerouted from airports in Jeddah, Riyadh and Dammam.
HBO has warned users, who are watching shows such as Girls that will be cut off on April 21. Aussies who had access to the HBO NOW content were paying about $US14.99 per month plus the costs of using a geo-blocking service. Meanwhile Foxtel is charging Australians around $45 a month to access Games of Thrones. Some users have claimed they will go back to illegal downloading if they get cut off.
This is according to Sean Raymond, an astrophysicist with the Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Bordeaux in France. He says: 'To have any chance of life  at least life like our own  a free-floating Earth would need liquid water' A planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form, and without the sun, this heat would have to come from its interior. Ice on a planet's surface can act as a strong insulator, locking in its heat. Rogue planets are of particular interest to astronomers because they represent objects that have likely failed
Heather Hironimus, who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy. Hironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, have been warring since her pregnancy. Circumcision rates have fallen in the U.S., but a majority of boys still undergo the procedure. Nebus called it 'just the normal thing to do'
Obese people appear to be protected against dementia, with a risk around 30 per cent lower than those of healthy weight. Findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat  with a high Body Mass Index (BMI) - could raise the risk. Study author, Professor Stuart Pocock, said doctors and policymakers may have to re-think how to best identify those at high risk of dementia.
Corporal Christian Walmsley was found dead in his flat in Bolton, Greater Manchester. Father-of-three had served in First Gulf War, Bosnia, Angola and Northern Ireland. 42-year-old suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after tours of duty, inquest told. Coroner said he had witnessed'significant violence only soldiers experience' For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Prime Minister and wife Samantha made colourful visit to Gravesend Gurdwara in Kent. Joined a parade carrying the Sikh holy book to the temple before Mr Cameron gave a speech. Tory leader told the audience the Vaisakhi festival was a 'big, bold' sign of their devotion. It was Mr Cameron's first visit to Kent during the general election campaign. Comes just a day after he attended one of the largest gatherings of Christians in the UK.
Zara Phillips has revealed how she got her fitness back after the birth of her first child Mia. The 33-year-old has committed to a strict exercise and diet regime to get back in shape. Zara, who is vying for a place on Team GB at the Rio Olympics, welcomed Mia Grace last year.
The lion, known as P-22, was found in the Los Feliz home of Jason and Paula Archinac on Monday. Animal services attempted to move him - firing tennis balls, beanbags and a GoPro camera. But he was gone when they returned the next morning, and was heading back to Griffith Park. California Department of Fish and Wildlife tweeted 'the cougar has left the building' P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the Hollywood sign in 2013.
New study by Mother Jones estimates annual cost of gun violence in the US to be over $229 billion. Figure is more than Apple's annual revenue and the cost of the obesity epidemic. Study was spawned by mass shooting in Aurora, Colorado, in July 2012 during a midnight screening of The Dark Knight rises, in which 12 people were killed and 70 injured. At least 750,000 Americans have been injured by guns over the last 10 years. For each homicide caused by a gun, the largest direct cost is prison, which costs about $414,000.
ISIS fighter Jannahtain posted a photo of a Burger King Whopper on his Twitter page. Another photo showed Pringles, Kinder chocolate, Oreos, M&Ms and pre-mixed mojitos. He was blasted by Twitter users for enjoying food from the 'evil American corporation' Four Britons arrested in Turkey on suspicion of trying to cross illegally into Syria.
The Live With Kelly & Michael co-host, 44, wore a frown as she left her NYC apartment on Tuesday. The former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans. Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead by suicide at his Miami mansion on Sunday. Miami Herald columnist, Lesley Abravanel had said Brandt had been 'devastated' over rumors comparing him to a character on the Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
Bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter (24.1 per cent) from the year before. The value of sales down by 19.3 per cent to £14.5million, according to Kantar Worldpanel. Experts say women are 'tending towards a more natural look' with pale skin icons like Keira Knightley, Cara Delevingne and Gwyneth Paltrow.
Kingsley Burrell, 29, was taken into custody on March 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in Birmingham city centre. But when CCTV showed that in fact nobody had approached him, he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act. He died four days later at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital (QE) four days after his arrest. Today, his sister Kadisha Brown-Burrell told an inquest into his death that he was handcuffed for six hours, denied access to a toilet, and was repeatedly punched by officers. She said: 'He
Peggy Siegal said that the voting panel objected to having a British director paint their country in a bad light. She said that Steve McQueen would not win as the Academy did not want such a dark message about the US to be sent around the world The details were included in a database of 30,287 documents and 173,132 emails that was uploaded to the WikiLeaks website after hackers stole them from Sony Pictures Entertainment, the companys movie division, last November.
British scientists are developing a treatment which could significantly boost patients ability to fight off cancer. Team led by Imperial College London has already applied to patent the therapy. They say it could be ready for human trials within three years. Scientists discovered a protein which helps boost the bodys immune system ten-fold. The protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic T-cells, which have the ability to detect cancerous cells.
Michelle, a 32-year-old mother, said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday and almost hit her vehicle. She said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road that has two school crossings. When she pulled up next to the man, he threw the bottle at her car, she said. Police have identified the driver as Daniel Robert Frank, 28, who was arrested earlier this month for an unrelated offence.
Beatrice Tollman made her most recent donation of £20,000 to the Tories earlier this month. But she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax. Charges were dismissed by a judge but her husband pleaded guilty to tax evasion. Stanley Tollman repaid more than 100 million US dollars to America after the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite Mrs Tollman from the UK. Revelation will prove embarrassing for David Cameron, who recently admitted he got angry over aggressive tax avoidance.
Dave Brockie, 50-year-old frontman of heavy metal band GWAR, was found dead in a chair at his Richmond, Virginia, home March 23, 2014. Medical examiners ruled last June that Brockie's cause of death was acute heroin intoxication. Lawsuit filed last Thursday by Dave's father William Brockie seeks $1million in compensatory damages on top of unspecified punitive damages for alleged breach of contract. Suit claims surviving members of GWAR swiped guitars, artwork, a gold record, tour souvenirs and even his ashes.
Camilla Parker-Bowles was loathed for her role in the break-up of the Prince and Princess of Wales' marriage. She was vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks. But 10 years on, the 67-year-old royal has become a much-loved member of the Royal Family. A recent poll revealed that she is loved by 50 per cent of Britons and 56 per cent credit her with Prince Charles' popularity. Her natural warmth and charm has helped cement her place in the royal family.
Three-year-old William Tyrrell disappeared from his grandmother's house last September. Police believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring. Detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are 'vigorously perusing that line of inquiry' 'We are perusing every lead that we get,' Detective Superintendent Mick Willing said. The news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the NSW mid-north coast. 'Just give him back... take him
Prime Minister hails the Church as a 'living active force doing great works' for the poor. Hails the 'kindness of the church can be a huge comfort' during difficult times. Condemns the persecution of Christians following the massacre in Garissa, Kenya. Comes after he criticised bishops for a 'fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be' Nick Clegg and Ed Miliband say 'fear and uncertainty' are issues for Christians.
German photographer Dieter Klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields. Many of the cars, often with doors, tires or windows missing, are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over. Dieter, 57, from Cologne, first came across a Citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago. After witnessing how the foliage had grown in and around the man-made machine, he was hooked.
The Australian descendants of eight ANZAC veterans have proudly showed off their relatives' wartime medals and photographs. Photographer Mark Kolbe travelled around Australia to meet the grandchildren, great-grandchildren, sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the Australian armed forces. Amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the Australian Imperial Force. Black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams.
The data was released today by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) It takes into account global averages across land and sea surfaces. Last month's average temperature of 56.4°F (13.6°C) was the hottest March on record. It was the highest for March in the 18802015 record, surpassing the previous record of 2010 by 0.09°F. Seven western U.S. states set records for their hottest first three months of the year, while New York and Vermont set record for the coldest start of a year. NOAA
Jameela Jamil, 29, spent £3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings. Dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years, and every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in Britain. Amalgam remains a standard material to use, especially on back teeth because it is particularly robust. It is banned in countries such as Sweden and Norway, because of patient concern.
Shinjiro Kumagai is a clergyman at a local Buddhist temple in Kitakyushu, southwest Japan. After the days work is done, he dresses up as sci-fi TV hero Kamen Rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law. He has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman. Kumagai said his sponsor was more than happy to help the cause.
Rose Byrne, Gracie Otto, Krey Boylan, Shannon Murphy and Jessica Carrerea have launched The Doll House Collective. The quintet will collaborate together on films, share ideas and creative advice, and even provide financial support to each other's projects. Byrne says Sheryl Sandberg's TED talk about the benefits of women in companies was inspirational.
Kyle Major, 14, punched father-of-two Paul Walker, 52, in the back of the head. The teenager followed his victim and felled him from behind with a single punch. Mr Walker was found face down in a pool of blood in the early hours of New Year's Day. Major consumed six bottles of Budweiser lager and a quarter of a bottle of Jack Daniels. He was in foster care and had seven previous convictions for non-violent offences. Preston Crown Court heard the boy had been 'allowed to run wild' and his parenting was 'out
Sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels. This energy is used throughout the day, and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down. Rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid, homeowners can then use their stored supply for power until the sun rises again. It features an intelligent management system that automatically controls the charging and discharging current, to make it easier to manage how much energy is being used. Prices start at ¬8,450 (£6,170) and an average home can save around ¬1,200
The Park Hyatt New York recently hired First Lady Michelle Obama's favourite designer, Narcisco Rodriguez. JW Marriott Houston Downtown hired American designer, David Peck, for its uniform overhaul. The Shangri La Hotel in Toronto opted for UK-based designer, Sunny Fong, to overhaul their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms.
Gavin Tobeck of Lacey, Washington suffered from a broken cheekbone, jaw and nose bridge, and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets after the attack. The boy also lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds. In an effort to save her son, 29-year-old Alissa Evans' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on Gavin. After spending six days at Harborview Medical Center, he was released late on Tuesday and has begun returning to a normal life. Following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies
Doug Hughes, 61, was arrested after landing his gyrocopter on the U.S. Capitol lawn to protest campaign finance laws. Hughes' wife, Alena, said she is proud of her husband and said he is a 'patriot' The mailman has received support on both Facebook and Twitter for the stunt. Alena and Hughes have a 12-year-old daughter and Hughes has adult children from a previous marriage.
Annah Sophia Stevenson ordered a Big Mac burger from McDonald's in Blenheim, New Zealand. She took three bites into her meal before realising something was wrong. The 26-year-old pulled a half eaten, disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth. Ms Stevenson said she was trying to work her teeth through what must of been the insect's shell. McDonald's have organised to pick up the evidence from Ms Stevenson to aid their investigation.
The three men were part of a group of ten friends who rented a house on Caspar Cove 160 miles north of San Francisco to hunt for abalone. Witnesses said at least some of the men appeared to be inexperienced abalone divers who chose rough, choppy waters near several dangerous rock outcroppings to dive instead of entering the water at the soft beach nearby. An off-duty firefighter who happened to be fishing nearby spotted the men and called for help. The men were overcome by the churning water and crushed against sharp rocks on shore.
Chanel, 19, says she is terrified that the effects of aging will stop her career in its tracks. She claims to have eaten placenta, gone on fasts and put her body through many detoxes in her quest to stay young. The model also claims to wash her face with garlic powder, balsamic vinaigrette, sage and olive oil every day.
Goa is one of India's most southerly states, and has 11 hours of sunshine a day. It has a famously relaxed ambience and is a popular choice for weekend getaways. Goa's restaurants and bars are known for their excellent quality food.
Chamali Fernando, candidate for Cambridge, made comment at hustings event. She said wearing wristbands would help doctors, lawyers and police officers. Lib Dem Julian Huppert said: 'I was really shocked at the suggestion' But Ms Fernando insisted her remarks were 'taken out of context' Deputy PM Nick Clegg told MailOnline: 'Silly ideas would increase stigma around mental health'
Green Lamborghini and red Ferrari are worth a combined total of £1.3million. Both drivers have been charged by the local Public Security Bureau with dangerous driving. Crash occurred two hours before 'Fast and Furious 7' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in China. Neither driver was hurt but a female passenger was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Alaska Airlines Flight 448 bound for Los Angeles was forced to turn around and return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport Monday. It was later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor Menzies Aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift. He only awakened when it was in the air, about 14 minutes into the flight. Earlier, the terrified man called 911 begging the dispatcher for help.
Brian Karl Brimager, 37, was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Diego, in connection with the death of Yvonne Lee Baldelli. The 42-year-old woman from Laguna Niguel, California, was last seen in September 2011. Her family reported her missing the following January. A man who was cutting bushes on the island province of Bocas del Toro found a bag containing Baldelli's remains in August 2013.
Ed Balls and Andy Burnham warn NHS 'cannot survive' another five years of Tories. Labour frontbenchers say there has been a 'dramatic decline in standards' in the NHS. By 2020 millions more will face long waits in A&E and long waits to see GPs, they say. Ambulance response times for the most serious call-outs will rise to over nine minutes. 500,000 fewer older people will receive social care and 600,000 will be forced to wait for more than four hours on trolleys.
Viv Nicholson, 79, became rich overnight when she scooped £152,319 in 1961. The win, on a football betting pool, would be worth up to £5million today. Pair splurged cash on cars, designer clothes, holidays and partying. But tragedy struck when Mr Nicholson died at the wheel of his Jaguar in 1965. Mrs Nicholson was declared bankrupt and tax authorities reclaimed most of her husband's wealth. She later suffered a stroke in 2011, which her son said led to onset of dementia. Her family confirmed she passed away yesterday following a long battle with the brain
Labour leader's son Daniel, five, made the unwitting admission during ITV interview. It came as Mr Miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras. Eldest son tells camera the spartan kitchen is the 'best' in the £2.7million home. Comments led to accusations Mr Miliband lives an 'Upstairs, Downstairs' lifestyle.
Players of the BBC's online game are tasked with escaping Syria and making it into Europe. Syrian Journey often ends with refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or being sold to militia. Grim outcomes include being separated from your family by human traffickers and women being sold between militia groups. Twitter users reacted furiously to the game, which appeared on the BBC site last Wednesday. Middle East expert Chris Walker said the corporation's decision 'beggars belief'
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found dead at his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. The City of Miami Police Department confirmed that his death was a suicide by hanging. Columnist Lesley Abravanel told Daily Mail Online exclusively that Dr Brandt was 'devastated' by unflattering comparisons to Dr Franff on Tina Fey's new Netflix show, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Dr Brandt's longtime publicist Jacquie Tractenberg told The New York Post: 'The show definitely deeply hurt him, he was being made fun of because of the way he looks'
Syriza party says Germany owes Greece nearly 279billion euros, or £204billion. Greece suffered a brutal occupation at the hands of Adolf Hitler's forces in 1941. More than 40,000 people are believed to have starved to death in Athens alone. The German government says the issue was resolved legally years ago.
Sarah Stage, 30, from Los Angeles, gave birth to healthy baby boy James Hunter on Monday. He weighed eight pounds and seven ounces and was 22 inches long when he was born. The model and animal rights activist had come under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy selfies showing off her rock-hard abs. During her pregnancy many people commented that they felt her unusually trim figure could be damaging to her unborn child.
Lily Melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on Instagram. She shows you how to update your wardrobe without breaking the bank. Here she shows you 15 style hacks to transform your 2014 wardrobe into 2015 style. Lily says you don't need to buy designer sunglasses, just some glue and pliers.
The Whole Damn Farm is the creation of Sam Longhurst, head chef of Splendid Kitchen, Manchester. He devised the mega meal after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat. Includes two beef burgers, homemade bacon jam, 100g of ham chunks and a whole chicken thigh. Added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon.
Prince Harry arrived in Australia on Monday for a month-long secondment to the Australian Defence Force. He spent his first day paying his respects at the tomb of the Unknown Soldier before reporting for duty. Yesterday he visited the tiny township of Wuggubun in Western Australia and posed for photos with locals. The prince is scheduled to spend the next month in Australia and will spend the rest of his time in Sydney and Perth.
Don McLean's original manuscript and lyrics to American Pie are up for auction. The 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $1.5million (£1,006,303) at Christie's New York. It includes a deleted verse where McLean writes about the music being'reborn' The original manuscript also reveals a 'lost verse', which was crossed out and never recorded. McLean, 69, says writing the song was 'a mystical trip into his past'
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, used a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in Rottnest Island on April 3. The men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka. Both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at Fremantle Magistrate's Court on Friday. They were each fined $4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines.
Brothers Jeff and Joey Stallings, both in their 20s, took 'bad batch' of drug in McComb, Mississippi. Within hours of each other, they collapsed after suffering hallucinations, vomiting, night sweats and violent shaking. Hooked to ventilators in hospital beds, they were on brink of death and had to be put on life support. Fortunately, the pair rallied against the terrifying effects of the drug, and were able to return to home on April 13. But they are now facing serious - and in Jeff's case, permanent - medical issues. Their mother, Karen
Illinois Rep. Luis Gutierrez is at the head of a group of representatives trying to help undocumented immigrants avoid deportations with what they have called the Family Defender Toolkit. The pamphlet includes a bilingual card that lists reasons a person should not be deported under expanded policies. Critics of the toolkit claim that it is 'flaunting the law' and encourages a false sense of security for undocumented immigrants.
Victoria Beckham posted a picture of her husband sporting grey hairs in his beard. Men are getting more and more comfortable about embracing the distinguished look. Stylist Scott Ade believes celebrities are responsible for the change in attitude to going grey. FEMAIL takes a look at more male celebrities who win gold for their silver style.
NHS handed out 404,500 suncream prescriptions at a cost of £13million in 2014. 4.7million prescriptions for indigestion pills cost £29million, damning analysis found. Other bathroom cabinet items routinely prescribed by GPs include Calpol, Vaseline, Strepsils and toothpaste. Critics said it was ludicrous that such items were being handed out when NHS was rationing routine treatments.
Teenager from Henan province in central China labelled 'too beautiful to look at' She has gained 400,000 followers on her Weibo account - a hybrid of Twitter and Facebook. She is also referred to as'snake spirit', relating to a Chinese folk tale, because of her pale skin. Some people have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced. Plastic surgery has become increasingly popular in China in recent years.
Grace Rishell was Henthorn's first wife Lynn's sister-in-law. She said that the FBI told her about a secret $400,000 life insurance policy he had taken out on her. Henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife, Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn. In both cases he was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $500,000 on the death of. his first wife and $4.
The fast-casual chain removed carnitas pork burritos from a third of its locations in January. Chipotle says it does not know when it will have enough pork to supply all of its stores with sustainably raised meat for carnitas. It has been rotating its small supply of pork, of which it uses only pork shoulder, to different stores so that each location can have carnitas at least sometimes. The restaurant's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat.
Milton Vieira Severiano, 32, dragged limp body of dancer Cicera Alves de Sena, 29, into garden. He slams her head into concrete paving 11 times before viciously punching her 10 times. Severiano then returns to house and shoots her in the face five times at point blank range. Police found four handguns, a shotgun and a bullet proof vest in his getaway car. Couple had only been married four days when violent attack took place in Rio de Janeiro.
A 4-foot-high, 100-pound bust of Edward Snowden was erected in Brooklyn's Fort Greene Park in the pre-dawn hours of Monday. The anonymous artists took six months and $30,000 to sculpt, mold and cast the bust out of a high-quality plaster-like material called hydrocal. Snowden is famous for leaking thousands of pages of classified information from the National Security Agency detailing a massive domestic spying program to the media. At daybreak, city parks officials ordered the bust removed from the top of Prison Ship Martyrs Monument, which honors the 11,500 patri
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee woke up on Wednesday after being in a coma for five months. The 20-year-old was five months pregnant when she went into the coma, and doctors were forced to deliver her son early in January. Giles woke up Wednesday and began following her father's movements around the room. She also saw a photo of her son, who the family calls Baby L. Baby L is doing well, but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Tennessee Medical Center.
The surrender of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee to Union Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant 150 years ago on Thursday was a milestone event in the end of the Civil War. Thursday's commemoration in Appomattox, Virginia, included a reenactment of Lee's last clash with Grant's troops and of the Confederate surrender in a Virginia farmhouse on April 9, 1865. Lee's forces were in a state of growing disarray in the hours before Lee formally called it quits. Ragged, hungry Southern soldiers, many straggling and on the run from federal forces
Luigi Costa, 71, is accused of killing his elderly neighbour Terrence Freebody in the dining room of his home on Mugga Way, Red Hill, Canberra in July 2012. Forensic psychiatrist Professor Paul Mullen examined Costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident and also during the event. Professor Mullin told the court that the triple 0 calls which Costa made 'almost certainly' during the incident proved that his mood fluctuated.
The family of eight-year-old Martin Richard, the youngest victim to lose his life in the April 15, 2013 attack, headed to Boylston Street to help unveil four large orange banners. Four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word 'Boston' were placed at the site. They were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers, the marathon's colors, to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured. Mayor Walsh has declared April 15 'One Boston Day,' on which Bostonians are encouraged to perform random acts of kindness and generosity.
Herminia Garcia, 53, was arrested after her daughter Blanca Cousins, 15, fell to her death. She was charged with wilful neglect and being in the country illegally for 20 years. Her partner Nick Cousins, 57, was also arrested on suspicion of 'ill treatment' It has emerged Blanca's birth, and that of her sister's, was never registered. Mr Cousins has not been charged and is currently on bail. Police have applied for a 'care and protection' order for the couple's other child.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan ordered officials to examine impact on schools. Comes six months after she told Ofsted it was not 'helpful' to warn of 'influx' of migrants. Inquiry expected to look at how migrant children perform in exams and how schools with large immigrant populations cope. Net migration to the UK hit 298,000 in the year ending September 2014, up from 210,000.
Kevin Dixon, 35, took friend's Akita-type dog for a walk to help her out. He then hit it seven times with an axe because he was worried it might bite a child. Dog had a history of biting people and Dixon decided to kill it after it bit a woman. Convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals for ten years.
Joshua Vaughan, 17, was last seen standing on a platform at Chapeltown, Sheffield, on January 7, an inquest heard. His girlfriend had sent his mother a message on Facebook, saying the teen was on the platform and 'he was going to end it' His mother Stacey Vaughan told the inquest how she had immediately phoned Joshua, an apprentice at an insurance firm, and found that he was crying.
Being overweight (a BMI between 25 and 29) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal BMI. Being obese started to reduce lifespan only when your BMI went above 35. Dr Nawab Qizilbash, a clinical epidemiologist and the lead researcher, called the results a'surprise', but said it's no excuse to pile on pounds.
Brae Carnes of Victoria, British Columbia is protesting an amendment to a Canadian transgender rights bill. Carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men's public bathrooms. 'Im actively showing them what it would look like if that became law and how completely ridiculous it is,' says Carnes.
Scott Kemery, 44, was rushed by helicopter to Stony Brook University Hospital on Long Island with first and second degree burns after accidentally setting himself on fire on Tuesday. Police said that Kemery started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the King Kullen supermarket in Eastport.
Kelly Kreth, 44, told Dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind. 'They do it for the thrill,' she said, adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes. In order to make initial contact with the prisoners, Kreth sent a postcard that had an image of her in a striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in a type of prison. The list of the killers Kreth interacted with include Michael Swango, a doctor who
CCTV footage shows a man casually approach a white Range Rover parked outside a house in Woodford Green, north London. Within two seconds he opens the door and climbs into the driver's seat. He then sits in the car for 30 seconds before starting the engine and driving off. Metropolitan Police are now appealing for information to trace the thief. Keyless car thefts are on the rise in London with 6,000 in the capital last year.
Kimberly Waddell Macemore, 25, of Wilkesboro, South Carolina, was sentenced on Tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison. The sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation. Macemore was a second year English teacher at West Wilkes High School when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in May 2014. She had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young men, but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other.
Olive Fowler was caught by police at JFK airport on April 12 after taking a Caribbean Airlines flight from her hometown in Guyana, South America, to New York. Authorities said they spotted her'sweating profusely' and 'avoiding eye contact with officers' so they decided to conduct a search. After patting her down in a private room, investigators reportedly felt a 'dense hard material' under her clothes. Fowler was found to be wearing one pair of black underwear and one white girdle with white powder packed into the garments. The packages tested positive for cocaine.
Alan Roberts wrote to Bournemouth Borough Council complaining about fly-tipping. He signed off email with: 'That's why I'll be voting Ukip', it has been claimed. Ben Grower, a Labour councillor, responded: 'As you now appear to be a supporter of a racist party please do not send me any further emails as they will be put in my junk mail folder and automatically deleted' A formal complaint has been lodged against Mr Grower and the council is investigating.
'The Diggers are Dole Bludgers' has attracted more than 360 likes since January. The page claims that the Australian armed services promotes the thoughtless killing of innocent civilians. It also claims that if the ANZAC's fought for freedom then the page exercises the right to freedom of speech. Despite multiple reports to Facebook as 'hate speech', the page remains live.
Norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness. Eye2TV can be plugged into any HDMI port on a TV or a computer monitor. A remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment. It allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise couldn't. And the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture, so people can easily watch TV together. The team from the University of East Anglia in Norwich is seeking £100,000 of funding to get their project of the ground.
Jericho Scott, 16, was shot dead in a drive-by shooting in New Haven, Connecticut. He was the star pitcher for Will Power Fitness team in the Youth Baseball League of New Haven in 2009 when league officials told him he could no longer pitch for his team. The budding star had five no-hitters in the team's first eight games of the season before he was told he had to sit or switch positions. When his manager sent him out to pitch anyway after the ban, the other team refused to play and said its players were afraid of being injured. Sunday's murder was
Cadbury's Fingers will contain two fewer chocolate fingers from now on. They join Creme Eggs, PG Tips teabags and even John West tuna in shrinking. Manufacturers and supermarkets don't pass on cost saving to consumers. It's seemingly part of a strategy across retail industry to increase profits.
Rihanna Cooper, 21, from Hull, hit headlines when, at 16, she became youngest person in Britain to be accepted for gender reassignment. But part way through her treatment, the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it. Now, having realised she can't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately, Rihanna is working as an escort.
White female student, who has not been identified, wrote 'n*****s' on whiteboard. Her reasons included 'incompetent' professors, 'ratchets', 'overpopulated campus' and parking. But at the top of the list was the word, which was captured by a fellow student. She was identified by other students and condemned for using the slur. University of South Carolina president Harris Pastides has suspended her. Image marks third racially-charged incident on a college campus in past week.
Stoke's Charlie Adam scored from 66 yards against Chelsea. The 66-yard strike will go down in history as one of the Premier League's greatest ever goals. Chelsea goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois was unable to deflect the ball away. David Beckham and Xabi Alonso are two other players to feature in the list.
Elizabeth Sedway, 51, from Granite Hill, California, posted an emotional video on her Facebook page Monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane. Mrs Sedway suffers from multiple myeloma - a rare form of plasma cancer. The married mother of three, her husband and their two sons were returning home to California Monday after vacationing in Hawaii when they were kicked off the flight.
Stephanie Flanders made headlines last week after it emerged she had been'secretly' dating the Labour leader when he first met his wife Justine in 2004. In a brief message on Twitter yesterday she said: We dated fleetingly in 2004. Very costly few weeks it turns out Miss Flanders, 46, accused the media of raking over Mr Milibands past.
The Queen, who turns 89 today, is celebrating her birthday with family and friends. She was filmed 'jumping out of a plane' during the London 2012 Olympics opening ceremony. Her grandson, Prince William, described her as an 'unbelievably good sport' Her Majesty is also a regular rider and was pictured at Newbury Racecourse last week. Despite her advancing years, she still enjoys riding her Fell pony and watching polo. Like her mother, she is fond of a pre-dinner gin and tonic and plainer dishes.
Kenyatta Leal is the first graduate of The Last Mile, the worlds only prison-based tech incubator. He was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to develop their own business plan. The aim is for each to develop a business idea to embark on after their release as most struggle to find work 'on the outside' 'I was completely lost when I was incarcerated. I didnt know what I was doing,' he said.
The pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in Denver International Airport last year. The male TSA employee would then perform pat downs of the male passenger's genitals at the Colorado airport. Despite receiving an anonymous tip-off to the alleged sexual assaults in November, the TSA only investigated in February. Denver Police Department were unable to file criminal charges because no victims had been identified.
Margaret Hesketh went in to the Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in Wigan with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia. Family claim she was put on a discredited Liverpool Care Pathway-style treatment for the dying  having fluid and nutrition drips removed six days before she passed away. But they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six.
Andrea Dossena was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in Harrods. The 33-year-old was released on bail after being arrested on Tuesday. Dossena signed for Liverpool from Udinese for £7million in 2008. He now plies his trade with League One strugglers Leyton Orient in the third tier.
Jade and Ross Morley have welcomed twins into their family, making their son Floyd-Henry, who has Achondroplasia dwarfism, a big brother. Harrison Stone Morley and Cleo Téa Morley were born at 37 weeks on March 20. The Morley household now has three children under 20 months- a fact which Jade said is 'crazy' When Floyd was five months old he was told he had a rare genetic condition which meant he didn't grow as quickly as other kids. His parents decided to make a video to educate their friends and family about Floyd's condition
Nigel Farage's name is twice as likely as the general population to vote Ukip. The figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named Nigel, according to YouGov. Three most likely to vote Tory names were Charlotte, Fiona and Pauline. Those least likely to were Sharon, Samantha and Clare without an i-bomb.
The Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sex Abuse in Rockhampton heard from alleged victims who suffered at the hands of nuns and priests who ran the Neerkol orphanage. Former residents told of being locked in rooms and cupboards, starved of food and water, forced to drink their own urine for hydration and to lick their own vomit. Claims ranged from being raped by a broom handle to being gang raped. A woman told the commission she was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age. About 4000 children passed through what was known as St
Michael Slager, 33, is charged with murder after shooting dead Walter Scott, 50, on Saturday. Slager is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall without the entire cell block being cleared first, according to his lawyer. His attorney Andy Savage said Slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees at Charleston County jail. A jail staff member said: 'He wouldnt last one week in the general population. Everyone inside is talking about it. Of course people want to get at him'
Sir James Dyson is investing £10 million in U.S.-based battery experts Sakti3. He is attempting to double the battery life of phones, electric cars and vacuums. According to a recent poll, nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out. Theres even a word for it  nomophobia, the fear of being without a working mobile.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT. Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. Following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. He will be released by Sunday morning, with a court date set for April 24. The video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market before he is approached by a man believed to be his father.
Tumblr blog called Conversation Sparks has hundreds of facts to kickstart a chat. Cartoons include: 'Tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer' and 'More home pregnancy kits are sold in March than any other month. Blame Valentine's Day' The blog has now been turned into a book by Chronicle Books.
Ryan Reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot, according to his publicist and Vancouver police. The incident took place on Friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the Shangri-La hotel, but he was left uninjured. He has been in the city for weeks as he shoots scenes for his new film, Deadpool.
The car, which was carrying 12, crashed when a blown tire caused the 2006 Ford Expedition to overturn. Uriel Miranda, 38, died at the scene and his 2-year-old daughter Yaretsi Miranda died Saturday evening at a hospital. Authorities said Uriel and the toddler were not wearing seatbelts. Seven other relatives ranging from ages 3 to 34 remained hospitalized.
USS Independence is resting 800m underwater off California's Farallon Islands. Experts found giant U.S. ship standing upright and listing only slightly. Hull and deck are very well preserved and there appears to be a plane inside it. Veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a 'target vessel' for Operation Crossroads on July 1, 1946. It was decommissioned in August 1946 before its highly radioactive hull was taken to San Francisco five years later.
Tokyo's Narita Airport has installed cushioned running tracks in its Terminal 3. The newly-opened terminal will be primarily used for low-cost carrier departures. To save money, the airport has installed the tracks to make them 'easy on the feet' The tracks also include information such as directions to nearby shops and restaurants.
Joanna Flynn, a former nurse at Georgian Bay General Hospital in Ontario, charged. The 50-year-old was arrested on Thursday and charged with criminal negligence causing death. It is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in Canada. Husband of Deanna Leblanc, 39 from Midland, said she was the alleged victim.
The Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial Iraq war film which was set for last Friday. It said it will still show the Oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film. The film was postponed because senior management did not want to create animosity or tension among its students.
Emma Watson was just 11 when she landed the role of Hermione Granger in Harry Potter. She was catapulted to fame after the adaption of the JK Rowling book grossed at $317m (£214m) worldwide. The 25-year-old actress considered leaving the Harry Potter franchise this year. FEMAIL charts her 14 years in the spotlight that have made her a global icon.
Tewksbury Police Department came under attack by hackers in December. CryptoLocker is a program that encrypts files and demands a ransom to unlock them. Cops were forced to pay $500 in untraceable Bitcoin in order to recover files. The only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old, so cops were left paying the ransom. Police Chief Timothy Sheehan said: 'It made you feel that you lost control of everything'
Digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins in North London. At just over a month old and weighing less than 1lb, he was perilously close to death. He was rescued by the RSPCA and taken to their Southridge centre in Hertfordshire. There he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff Nero, who is 120 times his size.
Lucy Gransbury wrote a two-page letter to her noisy neighbours complaining about their hard-partying ways. She was woken by their voices at 4.30am and 6.45am a week after the first letter was sent. So she followed up by dropping a thank you letter and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was 'too scared' to knock on their door. After a month of not hearing back from any of her boisterous neighbours, Jershon Witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his Facebook
Brendan Rodgers has been ordered to pay £400 and £375 costs, with a £40 surcharge. Liverpool boss left a £69,950 terrace house in Accrington to rot for three years. Rodgers and his business partner Judith O'Hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by Hyndburn Council. The pair had been told to fix the windows, doors and roof, and to remove the rubbish from the house's garden.
Henry Howes was playing the claw game at the Snowdome in Tamworth, Staffordshire. He put his hand inside the machine's hatch to get his hands on a teddy toy. But when he reached too far, he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside. His nine-year-old brother Harvey witnessed the accident and alerted staff at the centre. Henry was trapped for half an hour as workers searched for the key to the machine.
The 44-year-old man had recently returned from a holiday in Algeria. Greater Manchester Police Chadderton division tweeted a warning about wasting time. The incident was shared by the police press office on its Facebook page. Such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months' imprisonment or a fine.
Kim Rose is being investigated by police over claims he tried to 'corruptly influence' voters. Ukip candidate for Southampton Itchen laid out sausage rolls at event featuring Jimmy White. Electoral Commission rules food and entertainment cannot be provided by parliamentary candidates if provision is intended to influence votes - a criminal offence known as 'treating' Mr Rose, 57, branded police involvement as 'absolutely ridiculous', adding voters in the marginal seat were unlikely to 'change their mind for a sausage roll' Hampshire Police say they are investigating but no arrests have been made.
Research analysed DNA from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in Sweden. It found sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted than men in the general population. In only 2% of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors. While the study makes an estimate of the heritability of sexual offending, it cannot of course pinpoint the genes that might be involved. Discovery could lead to the identification of specific genotypes that increase the risk of violent behaviour in specific environments.
Dr Unt Tun Maung, 43, was working as locum GP when he assaulted teenager in 2012. Father-of-one cupped and squeezed teen's breasts during routine exam at Teesside clinic. Victim texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused after the incident. Maung was jailed for 18 months and placed on sex offenders' register for ten years. He is currently suspended from practicing and faces General Medical Council investigation.
With simple and sensible tricks you can prolong the life of your blooms. There are plenty of DIY'solutions' to keep a bouquet fresh, but most of these things can damage the delicate flowers. We've gathered a list of seven unlikely tips from Serenata Flowers, a professional florist.
Michael Munday has taken to social media to post love notes to his ex-girlfriend, Melissa. The Sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex and has about 23k followers. Mr Munday says by gaining retweets, 'likes' on his Facebook page and using hashtags #michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves Melissa.
Kardashian-West family arrived in Jerusalem on Monday for North's baptism. Visited Armenian church St James Cathedral in Old City to baptise their daughter. Kim shared Instagram pictures from inside the historic building. Kanye West gave a surprise performance in Yerevan on Sunday night. He had to be rescued by security after being mobbed by fans in Swan Lake.
Samantha Cameron revealed her love of alternative group Poliça. But their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life. American band are inspired by radical feminist who described pregnancy as 'barbaric' Video for group's most recent album depicts androgynous singer Channy Leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault.
Sonia Morales was pregnant when her daughter Angela was diagnosed with anencephaly, a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull. Many newborns with the condition die soon after birth. Sonia and her husband Rony decided to 'keep her no matter what' Angela celebrated her first birthday on March 23 alongside their four-year-old daughter Elizabeth. Although her future is still uncertain the family are making the most of their time with her.
Police in Hoexter, Germany, are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed Germanwings flight to get free flights to southern France. She allegedly tried to pass herself off as a deceased teacher on the doomed Airbus A320. Lufthansa organised special flights for victims' families after the March 24 crash which killed all 150 people on board. Police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned.
Gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce deficit. He said the Tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners. Comes after George Osborne last month refused to rule out child benefit cuts. More than a million households lost out when the Coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit.
Jared Quirk, 18, was in Athens with classmates from Rockland, Massachusetts, to see the ancient world. He fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends on Friday. Quirk, who played basketball, baseball, and football, died a hospital in the Greek capital. Death follows that of Joshua Rose, a 17-year-old student at the school, who died on October 1. Patrick Sullivan, 17, was killed in a three-car pileup on New Year's Eve.
An estimated 957,000 shoppers in the US alone ordered Apple Watches on Friday. Pre-orders of the watch began on Friday at 12.01am PDT (8am BST) and within an hour many models in various regions had sold out including the most expensive 38mm gold Edition version. It was initially thought those who were willing to queue on 24 April would get the Watch in stores before people who had pre-ordered. But in a leaked memo from Apple's Angela Ahrendts the retail chief wrote: 'We are only taking orders online right now [and] we expect this to
Baby elephant pictured walking alongside herd of elephants at Whipsnade Zoo, Bedfordshire. It breaks their tail-to-trunk chain with its back and forces its way into the line. Elephants are often seen travelling single file, using their trunk to hold onto each other's tail. The zoo is home to 2,741 elephants and has 600 acres of land to choose from.
The video is part of a promotional tour from Porsche to promote their 918 Spyder, a limited edition $900,000 supercar. The car is driven by New Zealand driver Craig Baird, who switches the vehicle into Race Hybrid and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone. Porsche used radios and spotters to ensure that the road was completely empty at the time, and Baird is a highly-experienced racer with multiple V8 Supercars and Porsche Carrera Cup race wins to his name. In 2012, Craig Baird was honoured with a special
Disturbing footage shows teenager flushing Tilly's head in the toilet. He claimed he was 'accidentally' high on 'white rhino' - super-strength cannabis. Tilly was held by her tail and dangled in bath water before being put to sleep. RSPCA inspectors said she suffered a lot in her short life and had to be put down. Defendant admitted causing unnecessary suffering and banned from keeping animals.
Buzim, north west Bosnia has more than 200 sets of twins in a population of 20,000. Local journalist Nedzib Vucelj noticed the phenomenon when his wife Emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war. He found that during the war, there were at least 21 sets. of twins born, however he believes the figure is far higher as many residents left to escape the fighting and to escape poverty. According to doctors at the local hospital, a set of twins can be expected once in every 88 births.
Up to 120,000 Britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness. Almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication. Most operations are done privately, with patients paying up to £5,000 to have both eyes corrected. London Eye Hospital in Harley Street says increasing numbers of people are seeking its help.
Mohammed Khubaib befriended girls and 'hooked' them with alcohol to make them 'compliant' Married businessman, 43, had 'persistent and almost predatory interest' in teenage girls. He would pursue interest 'away from his home and family' using restaurant as 'focal point' Found guilty of forcing 14-year-old girl to perform sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking. Cambridgeshire Police investigation codenamed Operation Erle has led to string of convictions.
Bob Schieffer announced Tuesday that he'll be retiring from CBS News' 'Face the Nation' this summer. Schieffer joined CBS News in 1969 and has been the network's chief Washington correspondent since 1992. He began at the political affairs show in 1991, asking direct questions to politicians in a Texas twang. 'It's been a great adventure. I couldn't have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling,' he said at the Texas journalism school named for him.
Clip shows Nancy Kanwisher, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors. A graduate student then uses an electronic razor to shave the rest off, with piles of hair left on a bench in front of a projector. After the haircut the student used a permanent marker to draw the different brain regions on her scalp. The video was posted on the scientist's Brain Talks website, which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain.
Video shows a new militia of female jihadis firing machine guns and practising drills in Syria. All of the women are fully veiled, making it hard to identify individuals. It is possible the group may be linked to Islamic State. The video is believed to have been filmed at the St Simeon's Church, around 60 km from Aleppo. According to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation, at least 30 female British female nationals have been identified as being based in northern Syria.
Bikes will be'removed or destroyed' if they are left behind a building used by Greek Orthodox Church. Sign has been erected outside a university building in Portugal Place, Cambridge. But one expert said there were grammatical errors in the ancient Greek and Latin message. He said one word had the opposite meaning to that intended in the sign.
Mohammed Emwazi planned to join al-Shabaab in Somalia before going to Syria, source claims. Emwazi was 'obsessed' with fighting in Africa and wanted to return to join group, source says. But he changed his mind after two of his friends were killed, it has been claimed. Friends Bilal al-Berjawi and Mohammed Sakr were members of 'London Boys' gang. They were killed by U.S. drone strike in Somalia three years ago, according to source. Instead he joined ISIS in Syria where he became synonymous with beheading
Floriane de Lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years. Her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists, resting on balconies, doing work in offices and gazing out windows into the distance. De Lassee's goal, however, is not to capture a particular city, but to find the common traits and emotions that the inhabitants of each city share.
Grace Rebecca Mann, 20, was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in Fredericksburg, Virginia, about 3pm Friday. She is believed to have been asphyxiated. The fourth roommate, Steven Vander Briel, 30, was home when the two women stumbled upon the body, but ran out of the house. Mann was rushed to Mary Washington Hospital, but pronounced dead shortly after arriving. A major manhunt was launched for Briel and he was arrested two hours later in a church parking lot. Police have charged Briel with first-degree murder
Aldi increased its share of the premium ale market by a third over the last year. Tesco still has the biggest share of lucrative lucrative market which is worth £490million. But Aldi is luring customers away from Tesco with smaller range and cheaper prices. Discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over last years.
Stephanie Scott was due to get married to her partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley. Police will begin an autopsy on Stephanie Scott's body to determine how she was killed. Vincent Stanford, 24, was charged with Ms Scott's murder on Thursday. Her body was discovered on Friday evening around 5pm in Cocoparra National Park north of Griffith, NSW. The 26-year-old was last seen on Easter Sunday.
Letizia, 42, attended the Woman Awards held at Madrid Casino last night. Presented Mexican actress Salma Hayek, 48, with an award for her new film Tale of Tales. The mother-of-two also sported a glamorous new bob cut for the event. She looked glamorous in a backless sequinned cocktail dress and matching earrings.
Mike and Susan Fortuna, of Shelburne, Vermont, are accusing Allergan of failing to warn of dangers, negligence and breach of the Vermont Consumer Fraud Act in treating their daughter, Mandy. The Fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from Dr. Scott Benjamin. 'She was continually gagging and choking, unable to clear her secretions. Her breathing was shallow and Mandy had trouble holding her head up. She began to experience seizures or seizure-like spells,' reads the complaint. In November, a Vermont jury awarded a New York family
The items were slated for public auction on Friday at the Rago Auction House in Lambertville, New Jersey. Thousands of Japanese-Americans, groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house's Facebook page. The auction was halted thanks, in part, to the efforts of Takei, who lived in an internment camps in Arkansas as a child. Roughly 120,000 Japanese Americans were incarcerated at 10 relocation camps.
Five people have died since vigilantes started attacking shops owned by immigrants. Police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted vigilantes. More than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station in Johannesburg. Violence flared days after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said foreigners should 'take their bags and go'
Mackenzie Moretter, of Shakopee, Minnesota, has a rare genetic disorder called Sotos Syndrome that has delayed her development. She told her parents she wanted a 'big-girl party' for her tenth birthday. Her parents sent out invitations to several of her fourth grade classmates, but all but a neighbor and a cousin had canceled or did not RSVP. So Mackenzie's mother went on Facebook and posted in several local groups asking families with girls her age to stop by their family home to celebrate. To her surprise, more than 700 people joined an event titled, 'M
Newington College in Stanmore in Sydney's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations. Headmaster David Mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on Monday ahead of a pending court case. He said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward. It comes after the principal of St Ignatius' College Riverview, Paul Hine, sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them a former student had made allegations.
Claims were made by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo during a note to investors. He said the next-generation iPhone will feature Force Touch, recently added to the Apple Watch and new MacBook. Force Touch is the'most significant new sensing capability' since MultiTouch. It recognises typical scrolling and pinching gestures, but additionally tracks the pressure of a person's click and responds accordingly. If Force Touch is added to next iPhone, Mr Kuo said the change will be significant enough to warrant Apple adding the 7 moniker to any new handsets.
Research carried out by the charity Medical Detection Dogs in Milan. Found dogs can detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing urine. Charity's co-founder Dr Claire Guest hailed the new study as'spectacular' Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year.
Teresa Swarbrick died on April 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near Julian Rocks off the coast of Byron Bay in NSW. The mother of two, from Western Sydney, was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water. Lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with CPR. Her husband Alan posted a heartbreaking tribute to his wife on Facebook. 'She is a special soul and I simply cannot express the love we had together,' he said.
Richard Graham is fighting to retain the marginal seat of Gloucester. He faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the High Court. Old Etonian former diplomat accused of posting tweets to 'ingratiate himself' with voters. Zac Evans, 19, was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in Gloucester in January.
Palaeontologists led by the University of Alberta examined a pair of fossils found in Mongolia. One is a complete skeleton, while the other is missing the middle and end of its tail. They found signs of sexual dimorphism in the length and shape of blade-like bones called chevrons, which point downwards from the vertebrae near the base of the tail, indicating the creature is male. Male oviraptorosaurs had broader and longer chevron bones in their tails so they could shake their feather-tipped tail to woo potential mates, much like modern peacocks.
Rebecca Sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned Florida cement factory in September 2013 and authorities said she likely killed herself following'malicious harassment' from two schoolmates. Katelyn Roman, 12, and Guadalupe Shaw, 13, were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking but the charges were later dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of harassment. One of the girls has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's department. It accuses them of using Rebecca's death as an 'opportunity for media attention' The family is seeking at least $15
Ofcom received 21 complaints after Saturday's episode of Britain's Got Talent. ITV received 35 while broadcasting regulator received a further 35 from viewers. RSPCA said it would be contacting Britains Got Talent to ascertain what methods were used It is believed that a false mouth was placed on Miss Wendy's face, which is triggered by a remote. Others said the act was cruel and questioned the effect of the stunt on the dog. But French ventriloquist Marc Metral insisted that Miss Wendy loves performing
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Three men accused of being agents of the Syrian government have been executed. They are shown kneeling on their hands and knees in the middle of a dusty road in Deir ez-Zor. Militants brandishing sharpened sword stand behind them as they are forced to kneel in the road. One by one the men are beheaded by a fighter, who is dressed in black and unidentifiable. Comes just one day after ISIS released video showing beheading of 30 Ethiopian Christians.
Sidonie, a well-known band from Catalonia, composed the tune on a Ryanair flight. The band's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board. Lyrics read: 'Ryanair, how we like Ryanair, and its flight attendants, they could not be nicer' Some passengers even join in and sing or clap along as the band repeats the chorus.
Claudetteia Love, a senior at Carroll High School in Monroe, Louisiana, said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends, but now she and her friends are staying away. A petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow Love to wear a tuxedo, but it was not acted on by school faculty. Principal Patrick Taylor told Love that the decision was dress-code related and that she shouldn't take it personally. Love's mother said that she believes Taylor is 'taking his values and throwing them' on her
Myanmar's newly-built capital city, Naypyidaw, is shrouded in secrecy. The city was developed to be the size of 120 Manhattans and to have space for up to one million residents. Despite a reported population of 924,000, the city's streets are barren and it's rare to see more than a couple of people.
Noelle Reno broke her silence almost four months to the day since businessman's death. She confirms she had split up with her partner of five years before he fell out of window. In a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a'suicide' Inquest was adjourned in December and no date has yet been set to re-open it.
Preston Wright, 23, killed his girlfriend, Sarah Owen, 21, after he stabbed her several times with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in Norman. Eyewitnesses said that Owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage on 3417 Madra Street when the argument  escalated. According to the man's younger brother he was helping Owen move her belongings out of the garage into a van when an argument broke out.
With the warmer months comes a surge in the number of jellyfish off the UK's coastline. Stay In Cornwall has reassured swimmers that the water is fine and we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless creatures. Not all jellyfish found off UK beaches can sting humans, and for the majority of cases, stings are mild or are easily treated. Vinegar and other alcohol-based substances are now discouraged as they activate unfired stinging cells.
Julie Walters, 49, has been jailed for two and a half years after posing as trusted official. She posed as both a council warden and a church official to bluff her way into sheltered housing complexes to steal from vulnerable residents. Was caught by police after she was spotted on CCTV loitering in communal hall of a retirement property near to Old Trafford football ground in Manchester. An 80-year-old man and an 81-year old woman were fleeced in two separate attacks. Walters admitted three counts of burglary at Manchesters Minshull Street Crown Court.
Raiders used sledgehammer and axe to try and break into a jewellery shop. They were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises. Criminals fled the scene on motorbikes and were caught on camera by a passer-by. Police have appealed for the public to help them identify the two robbers.
People with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder (RBD) move around in their sleep and 'act out' their dreams. Up to 90 per cent of people with RBD will develop a neurological condition. It could be an early warning sign of Parkinson's disease, researchers said. While RBD is incurable, it can be treated with melatonin or clonazepam.
The A-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed. They all follow simple styling hacks to flatter their figure. FEMAIL has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure.
Around 1.3 billion Chinese people marked the Qingming Festival, a three-day holiday in China, by travelling home to their ancestral villages. Families descended on graveyards to clean their tombs of the deceased and honour their loved ones, burning fake paper money and leaving their favourite food and drink to ensure they are not poor or hungry in the afterlife. A record-breaking 36.5 million passenger trips were made over the weekend and public holiday - up 5.8 per cent on last year.
The Air Malta jet took off from Malta's international airport in the shape of a heart. The Airbus A319 flew two circuits around the island before skirting the Italian coast. Airline enthusiasts described the flight as a 'creative training flight' The flight was to celebrate the wedding of a pilot and cabin crew member.
Holidaymakers watched in horror as cannonball fired from wooden trebuchet struck boathouse. Fireworks ignited roof of medieval building, causing it to erupt into flames at 5.45pm yesterday. Hundreds of tourists had to be evacuated from Warwick Castle after the incident. Witness Heather Taylor, 42, said: 'There was a lot of panic and people were scrambling up the bank' Warwick Castle said attraction remains open and unaffected by incident and full investigation is underway.
Puren was youngest brother of the final Qing monarch Puyi, who ruled for four years until 1912. Puyi became emperor in 1908 when he was two years and ten months old. His abdication ended the rule of the Qing dynasty, which began in 1644. He had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years.
Surveillance footage shows 40-year-old Todd Phillips being struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during Sunday's inaugural Indy Grand Prix of Louisiana. As the Dale Coyne Racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he's okay. Amazingly Phillips of Franklin, Wisconsin, only sustained minor injuries to his leg which required six stitches.
Kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the Goring Hotel in London. She stayed in the luxury hotel the night before her wedding to William in 2011. Prince William had left pregnant Kate and son George in London while he undertook a week-long tour of the Far East.
Dr Michael Davidson, 44, was shot dead by Stephen Pasceri, 55, at Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital January 20. Pasceri's relatives have suggested he was angry over the death of his mother, whom Davidson had treated. Davidson and his wife, Dr. Terri Halperin, have two daughters, seven and nine, and a son, two. She was seven months pregnant with their fourth child at the time of the shooting. Mikaela Jane Davidson was born April 4, less than three months after her father's slaying.
HBO has launched its HBO NOW channel on the Apple TV set-top box, iPhone and iPad. The service is available in the US for $14.99 (£9.90) a month, and will includes all past, present and future HBO programming. It comes ahead of the series premiere of HBO hit show Game of Thrones on April 12. Apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the TV box that can run apps for a June launch.
Shadow Welsh secretary Owen Smith said the world is a'very dangerous' place. Around three quarters of Labour candidates back scrapping Trident. But the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent in its election manifesto. Replacing the deterrent with a like for like system would cost around £100bn.
Miliband's party has jumped to 35 per cent, up one point from last month. Tories meanwhile remain stuck on 33 per cent according to the pollsters Ipsos MORI. Only a third of the public see the Labour leader as a 'capable leader' David Cameron is seen as a better leader and is also ahead for having 'a clear vision'
Barack Obama made an unscheduled late night visit to the Bob Marley museum in Kingston. The musician's family transformed the rambling property into a museum complete with an 80-seat theatre, a photographic gallery and a gift shop. Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc to discuss energy and security.
Model Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks on Instagram. She said they were 'bruises from bumping kitchen drawer handles for a week' Pink hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to charity event. The singer jokingly referred to herself as 'cheesecake' on Twitter.
Hamza Parvez, 22, travelled to Syria in May 2014, telling his parent he was going to Germany. He is now living with a group of English speaking fighters, originally as far as Belgium, Finland and Australia. Like Hamza, all his friends appear to be struggling with life as a bachelor. Several of them have taken to social media to voice their annoyance at being unable to escape their lonely life.
The Australian navy is allegedly in the process of returning up to 50 Vietnamese asylum seekers to their home country. The asylum seekers are being transported in secret via a supply ship currently on stand-by off the coast of Vietnam. It is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in April, and are being returned through the port of Vung Tau, south of Ho Chi Minh City. Operation Sovereign Borders commenced on the 18th of September in 2013, and soon after the operation was introduced, the amount of boats arriving to Australia had decreased by 90%.
McDonnell and his wife, Maureen, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Williams was seeking state-financed research on an anti-inflammatory supplement while lavishing the McDonnells with gifts. 'Governor McDonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to Williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day,' McDonnell's lawyers wrote in a 54-page brief in the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Dramatic images captured the moment four officers took down and restrained a man in Hyde Park, London. Crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual '420' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws. Campaigners were seen openly smoking marijuana, comparing the size of their joints and listening to speakers. Many protestors handed out cannabis leaf-shaped fliers and carried signs, with one reading: 'Ed Miliband wouldn't want his own children criminalised for cannabis possession'
Anti-Islam protests in Australia turned violent after demonstrators clashed with anti-racism activists who burned the country's flag. Police forced to separate the Reclaim Australia supporters and opponents of the group in Melbourne. Two people were arrested in Melbourne after they attempted to break through a police barricade that separated the different groups. Several more were injured in the combative protests, according to reports. One Nation leader Pauline Hanson defended the protests and said imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong. She said businesses should not have to pay fees to Islamic organisations for certification.
Remy Dufrene, 3, of Raceland, Louisiana, drowned after falling into a drainage ditch Tuesday afternoon. The boy ran out the back door of his grandmother's house as she was trying to pour him a glass of milk. His father Drake Duferene, who was in the bathroom at the time, jumped into the water to try and look for his son, but it took him 15 minutes before he was able to find him. Emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail.
Windsor Castle wardens have voted for industrial action over 'ridiculously low' wages. They claim they are expected to carry out extra duties for no extra money. Union chiefs claim workers earn as little as £14,700 despite working for 'rich family' Main role includes meeting and greeting visitors, conducting security searches and giving guided tours. Public and Commercial Services union (PCS) said staff are also asked to perform extra duties. These include leading paid-for tours, carrying out first aid and speaking foreign languages.
Liam Dawe, 21, was born a healthy child but suffered serious health complications. He was shaken as a four week old and developed cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Died at Derriford Hospital in Plymouth, Devon, in March last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis' Police are considering manslaughter charges after he died two decades later. Inquest heard law changed in 1996 but Mr Dawe's injuries were caused in 1993.
The 40-year-old's son Cooper Blue and daughter Kingsley Rainbow were born on Monday via a surrogate. Dylan and her husband Paul Arrouet confirmed to People that they 'are celebrating the birth of their twins' Her parents Ralph and Ricky Lauren are 'overjoyed' to witness their daughter ushering in the next generation.
Tanguy Pepiot, a steeplechase runner for the University of Oregon, had a clear lead on rival Meron Simon. But with less than 100m to go, the distance evaporated as Pepiot slowed down to celebrate. The gesture seemed to sap some of his momentum, allowing Simon to pass by a tenth of a second. Pepiot, who is in his senior year, collapsed to the ground in defeat.
Between Friday and Sunday 5,629 migrants were picked up in the Sicilian Channel. Nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of Libya, the Italian coast guard said. The number of migrants dying in the Mediterranean has increased ten-fold this year.
Britain bucked the trend by increasing spending on foreign aid last year. More than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget. Britain's failure to follow suit means that its overseas aid spending is double the average. Out of every £100 spent by Western nations on overseas aid, no less than £14 comes from UK.
Coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections, especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms that are heavily trafficked, but might not be frequently cleaned. According to medical experts, festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu, Norovirus, Salmonella, and even hepatitis A. Festival attendees should take steps to avoid catching diseases like hepatitis A, which can cause gastrointestinal distress, as well as influenza, hepatitis A and Shigellosis.
Foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980, but made up 8.7 per cent in 2013, according to a report from the Pew Research Center. Immigrants from Jamaica and Haiti make up approximately a third of the foreign-born black population, while immigrants from Ethiopia, Nigeria and Ghana make up about 15 per cent. The majority of the 40 million US-born African Americans trace their heritage to African ancestors brought to America as slaves.
Esher and Walton is home to Gary Lineker, Frank Lampard and Mick Hucknall. Average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above average gross annual salary. Other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies are in Home Counties. Stoke-on-Trent Central had the lowest bills, at £2,100 - eight times lower than Esher.
Currently, Google Wallet's user agreement says funds are not protected by FDIC. But a Google spokesperson told Yahoo Finance that the company has changed its policy. Will now store balances in multiple federally-insured banking institutions. This is good news for people who place large amounts of money in Wallet Balance.  FDIC insures funds for banking institutions up to $250,000.
Forensic teams have begun excavating 12 mass graves on the banks of the Tigris River. They are believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers killed by ISIS. Bodies of young army recruits from Camp Speicher are thought to have been buried there. 'Dozens' of their ID cards were found at Saddam Hussein's presidential compound last week. Families have been left wondering what became of their sons and brothers for 10 months. Today, the first of the graves began to give up their terrible secrets.
Afzal Khan is accused of conning customers and financial firms at his dealership. The 32-year-old, originally from Edinburgh, opened the Emporio Motor Group in 2013. He appeared on US reality series The Real Housewives Of New Jersey and counted members of the show's cast among his clients. Federal agents fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $20,000 reward.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. The 18-year-old was told it was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on. His family took matters into their own hands and found the only Australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation. He must raise $80,000 by Tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery. After a week of campaigning online, the Casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go.
Nicolas Diaz, 81, allegedly stabbed Kevin Rivera, 21, to death on Sunday. Couple had just returned home from daughter's first birthday party in Brooklyn, New York. They were arguing when Diaz 'lashed out at Mr Rivera with a knife', relatives said. He allegedly stabbed Mr Rivera, an unemployed musician, before fleeing the scene. When medics arrived at Bushwick property, they found Mr Rivera dead with chest wound. Police launched manhunt for Diaz, who turned himself into police on Monday morning. Has since been charged with manslaughter and criminal possession of a weapon.
Robert Muradeli, 45, was deported from Russia in 2011 for breaking immigration laws. He went to live in the country 20 years ago and has a Russian wife and son. But the European Court of Human Rights ruled Russia did not breach his rights. Landmark ruling delivers boost to Theresa May's campaign to kick out foreign criminals.
Six-year-old girl sexually assaulted by boy of the same age in classroom and playground. Police powerless to act because age of criminal responsibility in England is ten. Charges cannot be brought against the boy as he is under the age of ten in England. Girl's mother says she has been forced to move her daughter to another school. Says school officials refused to remove boy from her daughter's class.
Timothy Norris-Jones, 59, left his 92-year-old mother with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches, a court heard. He was arrested after the victim's carer returned home and called the police. Norris-Jones was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life and from visiting her house in Guildford, Surrey. Judge Noel Lucas branded the attack 'horrific' at Guildford Crown Court.
Jennie Anne Kehlet, 49, and Raymond Keith Kehlett, 47, were last seen on March 22. The couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of Sandstone in remote bushland. Police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres. A search aircraft with forward looking infrared (FLIR) equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres so far. No trace of the duo has been found.
Raheem Sterling filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as 'hippy crack' Video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out. Drugs charity Re-Solv has called on 'role model' player to condemn the use of the drug. It comes days after the 20-year-old was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has said he'll speak to Sterling about the matter.
Lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law in Northern Ireland mean HBO's Going Clear might not be broadcast by Sky Atlantic. The Alex Gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion's US headquarters. It was due to premiere in the UK earlier this month to coincide with its American release. But the fact that Northern Ireland is not subject to the 2013 Defamation Act means Sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely. This is because it could expose the broadcaster to libel claims from David Miscavige, the leader of the church, and other prominent scientologists.
Kim Copeland, 52, was walking home from her local Sainsbury's store in Coventry. She threw the used cigarette on the ground before two council officers came'sprinting' towards her. They said she had committed a criminal offence and issued her with £50 fixed penalty notice. Miss Copeland refused to pay it within ten days in protest at how she was treated. But after failing to pay, she was ordered to appear at Nuneaton Magistrates' Court. Magistrates fined her £304 and also ordered her to pay £200 court costs.
Sources told the Wall Street Journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable. Google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former Apple battery expert Dr Ramesh Bhardwaj began leading a testing team. Last month, Apple began recruiting for experts to help boost the battery across its range of mobiles and laptops.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said Friday that 'Spice', also known as 'K2' or 'Mojo', is sweeping the city, with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from April 8. Over 120 of those people were admitted to Emergency Rooms in the same week. Synthetic marijuana is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana. Symptoms can range from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness. Last year, California teenager Connor Eckhardt died after smoking one hit of
Annabel Karmel has been in the business of helping children eat healthily for two decades. She says that it's easy to feel frustrated when your child refuses to eat certain foods. But she says that the key is not to give in or give up when it comes to a healthy diet. Annabel says that parents should keep trying out new ideas with their children.
Campaigners, police chiefs and MPs have accused Alison Saunders of ignoring victims. They say she failed to clear speculation of a cover-up over her decision to spare Lord Janner. Ms Saunders ruled not to charge the 86-year-old despite evidence of 22 offences. She said it was justified because of his poor health due to advanced Alzheimer's Disease. But she also ruled that he should have been charged three times before in 1991, 2002 and 2007.
Sajid Javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to porn. He promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place. If porn websites fail to comply, they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator. Mr Javid's pledge is a victory for the Daily Mail's Block Online Porn Campaign.
Catalina Viejo, 31, paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots. Has worked her magic on stars including Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus. Each portrait is the size of a postage stamp and cost around $90 (£60) The bite-sized series is titled 'A View of the End' and is currently on display.
Outspoken British comedian Russell Brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned Bali Nine duo from facing death row. Brand lables Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of Indonesia as 'daft' The pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as 'Execution Island' Brand said the Australians have already done a decade behind bars and did not deserve to face a firing squad.
Oxford University women's rowing team beat Cambridge in 161st race. Women's race has been held since 1927 further up river at Henley, but finally given equality. Team captain Anastasia Chitty said it had been humbling to win on same course as the men.
Levar Jones, 36, was shot in the hip as he reached for his driver's license. South Carolina state trooper Sean Groubert, 31, had stopped him over a suspected seatbelt violation. Mr Jones, who has no criminal record, was unarmed and had his back to the officer. He was shot four times and was left writhing in agony on the ground. Groubert has been fired and charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature, a felony which carries a penalty of up to 20 years in jail. Victim said he was brought home the horror
Brittany Cherokee Dawn Bell of Bartlesville, Oklahoma, was charged with child neglect after the death of her three-month-old daughter, Alice. The baby was found on the floor of the roach infested apartment with bites on her legs and head. While Bell slept on the couch, baby Alice somehow suffocated nearby. It is unclear how this happened and for how long she lay there. Bell said she was worried one of her twins had killed Alice by sitting on her.
High-flyer and close ally of Nick Clegg is on course to lose his seat to SNP. One plan is to keep him as Chief Secretary to the Treasury by giving him a lifetime sinecure in the House of Lords. Other party stalwarts likely to be ennobled are former leaders Charles Kennedy and Sir Menzies Campbell.
Dutch and Canadian scientists asked 100 people to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else. About a fifth of the 1,000 meetings recorded took place over a meal. Participants felt happier and more relaxed, whether at home, at work or elsewhere.
Francis Pusok, 30, seen falling off horse after being chased through California desert. Seconds later, two deputies stun him with Taser, before beating him with fists and feet. As camera keeps rolling, officers kick suspect in head and crotch as he lies face-down on ground. After beating, one deputy whispered in suspect's ear: 'This isn't over,' lawyer says. Pusok's attorney says he was left'scared to death for himself and his family' San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon has placed 10 deputies on paid administrative leave. He said
Counterfeit drug gang jailed after raking in £10million by selling fake Viagra. Offered cheap erectile dysfunction pills to online and face-to-face customers. Judge Charles Wide QC described it as a 'highly organised, large-scale criminal enterprise' Gang had bases in north-east Lincolnshire and Sussex, the judge said.
Churchill Downs, which hosts the Kentucky Derby on May 1st and 2nd, has banned the use of selfie sticks by attendees. Other events such as the Coachella and Lollapalooza music festivals also have banned the photo aids. A spokesman for Churchill Downs said that the selfie stick ban was designed to protect horses and spectators. 'I don't think it's a huge sacrifice for anybody who loves to take a selfie,' he said.
Elena Udrea is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government. The 41-year-old former tourism minister was investigated by anti-corruption police. She was indicted along with seven other people, including the country's former economy minister. Udrea, who is a lawyer, has strenuously denied the claims against her.
Face wipes have long been a lazy part of our beauty routine to cleanse skin and shift make-up. But a new generation of wipes promises to remove eyeliner and mascara. Radiance pads promise to retexturise and brighten skin and do away with fine lines. Infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids, as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice, these pads are beauty game-changers.
Hollywood legend, 71, has been a long-time supporter of the Democratic Party. Says there will be 'no surprises' if the former Secretary of State is voted into White House. Goodfellas star says she has 'paid her dues' and has 'earned the right' to be president.
Map reveals subtle differences in sentence structure across the US. Click on a location marker in the map below to hear common phrases for each state. From 'here's you a piece of pizza' to 'this glass needs washed', every state has its own set of phrases that can seem bizarre to the rest of the English-speaking world. In New York, for instance, there's a tendency to use the word'so' for drama, such as 'I'm so totally over this' While the map focuses on the US, it also has a small amount of data for the UK, with
Syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in London on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work. But when the imam arrived, the killer got into the rear seat of his Volkswagen Passat and shot him several times. The murder at 11.15am on Tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination because the gunman was thought to have used a silencer and it took place away from CCTV cameras.
Britt McHenry, a sports reporter for ESPN, has been suspended for one week after video of her ugly rant surfaced online. The 28-year-old, who hails from New Jersey, had her car towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Arlington, Virginia, on April 6. A parking attendant warned McHenry she was being filmed at the start of her tirade and threatened to play her video. She continued to insult the woman's looks, education and job on-camera. 'Maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?' she said.
Swastika and the word'scum' were sprayed in white paint on the window. A 'Q' was also added to the blue front door, which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy. It comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the Scottish Referendum.
Lawrencium was discovered by nuclear scientist Ernest Lawrence in 1961. It is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time. This has made the element, which can only be generated in particle accelerators, difficult to study. Researchers at the Japan Atomic Energy Agency have now measured the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time - the energy it takes to strip an electron from an atom. They found it has the lowest potential of all elements and could be placed in the main body of the periodic table, under scandium and yttrium.
Prime Minister Harold Wilson convinced terrorists campaigning for Welsh independence would target Charles at Caernarfon Castle ceremony. Metropolitan Police sent officers to Wales in lead-up to ceremony to join fight against extremists who had already set off a series of bombs. The targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups Movement for the Defence of Wales (MAC) and Free Wales Army (FWA)
Birmingham officers responded to a call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of Memphis Street in Wylam around 8:45 a.m. on Sunday. On searching the property police found the 28-year-old suspect inside. The man was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser. While medics were treating an officer for a cut, the suspect managed to get his hands in front of him and climb into the front seat of the vehicle. He then drove less than a mile to the 4600 block of 9th Avenue Wylam
Map reveals average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013. It shows the highest amounts of lightning occur in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Lake Maracaibo in northwestern Venezuela. The map was created using data from Nasas Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission satellite, and the Orbview-1/Microlab satellite. According to the satellite observations, lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans. And it also seems to happen more often closer to the equator. This is because solid earth absorbs sunlight and heats up faster than water, so there
Kevin Rudd and his wife Therese Rein have sold their family home in Brisbane's east for $1.14 million. The tropical Queenslander home still managed to sell for over three times what the couple paid when they bought the house just over two decades ago. It was snatched up by applied economics Professor Uwe Dulleck, who already owns a home in the area with his wife Monica. 'Sad to farewell our family home after 20 years as K & I get some more Sunny Coast sand between the toes. :) Hope a new family loves it too,' Therese said on Twitter.
Ryan Skivington took the pets out of their cage during a row with the girl's mother. The 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs. He also admitted assaulting his former partner Bobbi Jo Houston at her home. Skivington was bailed so that pre-sentence reports can be prepared.
Indonesia tops the list of countries with the most threatened mammals. Madagascar is second, with 114 endangered mammals, while Mexico sits in third with 101. Maps were designed by London-based The Eco Experts using the World Bank's World Development Indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures. Deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk, including orangutans and critically endangered Sumatran tigers and rhinos.
Precious Richardson Coleman, 29, turned herself in to police Saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder. Beatrice 'Dee Dee' Spence, 24, lost her leg and her home went up in flames, all because a neighbor believed she was trying to steal her boyfriend, family members say. Coleman had shown up on Spence's block in the Nicetown neighborhood of Philadelphia, before Spence went out to confront her. That's when Coleman sped forward, hopping the curb and striking both Spence and her uncle, 37-year-old Damon Watson, who was standing alongside his niece
Monsour Alshammari, 27, is in the U.S. on a Saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country's royal family, according to court documents. He was arrested on Friday at the Mexican border near San Diego and is set to be extradited back to Utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in February. Prosecutors believe he was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $100,000 someone posted for his bail.
Rupert Brookes poem The Soldier made him famous outside of literary circles. In 2000, love letters between Rupert Brooke and Phyllis Gardner were discovered. Phyllis also had a secret memoir of their relationship, written in 1918. Now Lorna C. Beckett, chair of the Rupert Brooke Society has turned them into a chronological narrative.
providenciales, in Turks and Caicos, named best island in world by TripAdvisor users. Caribbean island, north-east of Cuba, was followed by Hawaii's Maui and Roatan in Honduras. Santorini in Greece and Greece's Santorini named fourth and fifth best islands in the world. No island in the UK or Australia managed to crack the top 10.
Amanda Butler, 42, had a normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks. Her son Callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin. He underwent heart surgery, a lumbar puncture, laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions. Mrs Butler was later told an infection called bacterial vaginosis (BV) was to blame. BV affects one in three women, making it twice as common as thrush. It occurs when the balance of internal bacteria is disrupted, leading to an unpleasant odour. If untreated, it can lead to
Sarah Hulbert, 59, worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012. Hulbert claims she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at Bates College in Lewiston. Spencer allegedly fired her on July 10 because she 'did not have pizzazz'
The Mail on Sunday was voted Sunday Newspaper of the Year for a third year in a row. A hat-trick in the prestigious London Press Club awards is unprecedented for a quality, family newspaper. Judges said such a rare feat was fully deserved by a paper where journalistic excellence across the board has led to commercial as well as journalistic success
Kim Rose, 57, was alleged to have bribed voters in Southampton with sausage rolls. He was questioned by police over an alleged criminal offence of 'treating' but will face no further action. Mr Rose, who is standing in Southampton Itchen, branded police involvement 'absolutely ridiculous' He said: 'I'm going to stay away from bakeries from now on - if I see one I'm running a mile' Ukip leader Nigel Farage called the investigation 'utter nonsense' and 'nonsense'
Images were captured by the Dawn probe from 28,000 miles (45,000km) away. Show that a pair of mysterious spots on the dwarf planet have different thermal properties. In infrared, region 1 is cooler than rest of surface, but region 5 is similar to surroundings. Dawn is currently too far from its target to find out why this is the case. It may be due to having a different structure or being made from different material.
Madonna's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan, the word 'dealer' spelled out in bling diamond lettering. Rihanna carried two gun-themed bags while out for dinner in Santa Monica last autumn. Artist Grayson Perry designed his own brown leather bag in the shape of a scrotal sac on one side, and a bottom on the other.
Cathleen Hackney, 56, is on trial at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court. She denies two counts of making a false representation to procure the burning of human remains, and two of signing false certificates ahead of her son's funeral. Hackney allegedly told two funeral directors there were no objections to cremation. But the court heard she knew her ex, Paul Barber, would have objected. As a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of Paul Moreland in December 2010 after it happened without his father's knowledge, jurors heard.
Trinity Culley, 10, secretly watched the baby-birthing programme in her bedroom. Her mother told her it was too graphic so she secretly watched it in her room. But when her mother Dee's waters broke two weeks early, she sprang into action. Trinity calmly collected towels and reassured her mother everything would be okay. Within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister, Jasmin Elizabeth-Rose, who arrived weighing 7lb 1oz.
Youngster's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on Merrimac Drive, Langley Park, as usual on Sunday evening since it's easier to carry her son to their second floor apartment. But when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning, it had reportedly disappeared. Prince George's County Police have released a piece of surveillance footage which shows a person pushing the empty chair in a parking lot. They're asking anyone with information about the case to contact investigators.
Alexandra Allen, 17, from Utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria. Showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation. The symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure. It is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT MAY OFFEND READERS. Three men accused of murder were blindfolded and handcuffed on a barren hilltop. They were forced to sit on the ground with their hands clasped behind their backs. Using AK-47s, Taliban fighters then loomed over them and shot them at point-blank range. Hundreds of locals gathered to watch the public killings, including children. The men were accused of murdering a couple during a robbery earlier today in Ghanzi province.
Tony Hatch and Jackie Trent were married for more than three decades. They wrote hits for Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Shirley Bassey and Petula Clark. Hatch was expected to be at Trent's funeral to say a final goodbye. But Trent's second husband, Colin Gregory, has banned him from the cremation. He says she never forgave Hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage. She also believed to her dying day that he denied her the credit she was due for some of their compositions.
Mother and ten ducklings spotted trying to cross busy high street in Sutton Coldfield. Employees at Midas recruitment helped them cross and ushered them out of a back door. But they didn't bargain for the ducks following them back to the office and staying for the morning. They wandered around the corridors and drank from water bowls in the West Midlands firm.
Jason McDonald, 34, walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length. He said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures. Mr McDonald, who volunteers at the farm, has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes.
Primatologists working in Ntokou-Pikounda National Park have captured the first ever picture of the Bouvier's red colobus monkey. Their discovery proves that the primate - which was first discovered in 1887 and is only known from three specimens - is not extinct. The monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area. Researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it.
The newly-opened Maison Souquet is the most provocative hotel in the entire City of Lights. Tucked away behind an unmarked facade, it is signalled only by two red lanterns and a canopy. The 20-room hotel describes itself as a 'temple to hedonism,' inspired by pleasure houses of yesteryear. Guests can rent out the spa and swimming pool for a private dip under the starry ceiling of'stars'
Farryn Johnson has said the Baltimore restaurant where she worked had an issue with her blonde highlights. An arbitrator determined Johnson was let go illegally and as a result of racial discrimination. He also reportedly said Hooters violated state civil rights laws, as well as federal ones. Johnson has been awarded $250,000 for both her legal fees and lost wages.
Officials slaughtered 250,000 birds in Telangana after cases of H5N1 virus were identified. Virus can be deadly in humans and killed nearly 400 people in 2005-2006 outbreak. India has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza since 2006. Experts warn cross-infection to humans is still relatively rare and usually occurs in close contact.
Scientists in China are thought to have modified human embryos using CRISPR. The technique can be used to introduce DNA changes to sperm and egg cells. This means the changes can be passed on to future generations of children. Scientists have described the work as 'dangerous and ethically unacceptable' They fear it could be misused to allow parents to'select' the genes they will pass on to their grandchildren. But others argue that it could also rid families of devastating diseases like cystic fibrosis. Such work is already illegal in many countries including the UK, but is permitted in China
The Wi-Fi Calling feature is designed to facilitate calls and texts when users have no mobile phone signal. It is the first roll out of the technology throughout Europe and will be available on the EE network. The new technology works automatically in the user's phone. EE is currently in the process of being taken over by BT in a deal worth £12.5billion.
Ruben Costa, 35, pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force. He was only handed a two-month suspended sentence. The incident occurred when the Northern Territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him, taking their son and possessions. Costa pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone, claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area.
Khloe, 30, has been showcasing blonde hair, flawless face and honed physique. Revealed she's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to grueling exercise regime. Has overhauled her wardrobe and embraced figure-hugging jeans and cleavage-baring blouses.
Officer Jared Forsyth, 33, with the Ocala Police Department was wearing a bulletproof vest during the training exercise Monday, but the round entered through his arm and went through his chest. He was rushed to hospital in critical condition and taken into surgery, but he later died. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has been called in to investigate the shooting.
Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes lost a leg each in the April 15, 2013, attack. They say Dzhokar Tsarnaev 'deserves the ultimate punishment' but 'we must overcome the impulse for vengeance' Follows similar appeal made by the family of bombing victim Martin Richard, 8, who was killed in the blast. The Richards wrote an op-ed in the Boston Globe last week, a day after the two-year anniversary of their son's death. Jurors will decide this week whether to sentence Tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole.
In the summer of 2014 she started noticing some symptoms such as fatigue and shortness of breath, but didn't know what was plaguing her. 'I was up against a lot of doctors that told me I was crazy and that my problems didn't exist,' the 30-year-old singer told ABC News on Thursday. Turns out the Complicated hit maker was suffering from Lyme disease, which Yolanda Foster of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and Eighties pop icon Debbie Gibson also have.
Aldi now lags behind only the big four - Tesco, Asda, Sainsburys, Morrisons and Co-op. Major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from Aldi and Lidl. But Aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6% to 5.3% in the past three months.
Chrissy Teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to Instagram this week. Hundreds of women have posted images of their stretch marks alongside the hashtag #loveyourlines. Some have shared pictures of their stomachs whilst others have showed their legs and bums. The campaign encourages women to embrace their 'tiger strips'
Natalia Moon moved to the Philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in Australia. The 23-year-old became fluent in the local language, Tagalog, in the hope of becoming a star. She landed a major role in 2014 playing a catty maid, also named Natalia, in sitcom 'Ismol Family' Ms Moon will attend the Golden Screen TV Awards on April 26 where she is nominated for Outstanding Breakthrough Performance By An Actress.
Proposal put forward by NHS Health Scotland, Scottish Government's health agency. Move would apply in pubs, clubs, supermarkets and off-licences in Scotland. If introduced it would mean legal minimum age for buying alcohol would be higher in Scotland than it is in the rest of Britain, where it is 18.
Gabrielle Yinka Saunders, 32, used company credit cards to pay for £10,000 wedding. She also spent £5,000 on a honeymoon in the Seychelles and £270 on a new watch. Saunders, also known as Gabriella Osborne, stole £35,000 from previous employer PriceWaterhouseCoopers. In 2007 she was jailed for six months for fraud, and in 2011 she was again convicted of fraud but spared jail after a court heard she had stolen money from a neighbour using credit cards.
Michelle Manhart, 38, was arrested at Valdosta State University in Georgia. She grabbed an American flag from protesters who were trampling on it. Footage shows her struggling with officers, who force her to the ground. Manhart, a former Air Force training sergeant, was demoted in 2007 for nude Playboy spread.
Princess Eugenie, 25, wore a leather-trim coat and black mini dress in New York. The royal cousin of Princes William and Harry was on trend in her black over-the-knee boots. She shielded her eyes from the sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by Rebecca Minkoff. At the end of last month, the young royal celebrated her 25th birthday.
Lawyers hired by drug rehab network Narcocon have argued that Trout Run, a 40-acre plot of land in Frederick County, Maryland, has historic significance because President Herbert Hoover once caught a fish there. Current zoning laws for the site, which includes a collection of stone cottages, classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose. Narcocon, which uses sauna sessions and the teachings of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard, has been sued in the past for wrongful deaths. The group's treatment program claims that megadoses of the vitamin Niacin and spending five
The mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over Portland Rock, an island off the coast of Weymouth, Dorset, on Sunday. The group included renowned professional trial bike riders Jack Gear, 25, Andrei Burton, 29, and Joe Seddon, 19, who were unfazed by the choppy waters just 10 metres below. It's not the first time the riders have pulled such a daredevil stunt - last year they cycled over London landmarks for a promotional video.
Marc Macrae was election agent for SNPs Westminster leader Angus Robertson. He said party showed compassion for Lockerbie bomber but ostracised him. Mr Robertson has not even contacted him to ask how treatment has gone, he claims. Like Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed Al Megrahi, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer. But Libyan terrorist was flown home to spend final years with his family. Macrae is now backing Tory candidate Douglas Ross in General Election.
Fantasy Café in Hangzhou, eastern China, has installed eight air purifiers. Cafe hopes customers will pay more attention to the growing pollution issue facing China. A label is put on every table stating clearly that there is an 11p 'air-purifying fee' The decision has proved popular among customers, who are mainly students and workers.
Students at Melbourne high school St Peter's College were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year. Class A recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard thats safe for watering gardens, washing clothes and flushing toilets. Drinking the water, the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite, Cryptosporidium. The principal assured students, parents and staff that the drinking fountain was shut down on April 1 and is no longer in use.
Kingston Road in Stockton is the setting for the latest series of Benefits Street. Housing bosses have given it a makeover in anticipation of the show's release. Residents say the estate will look 'completely different' to anyone who visits after watching the show. Stockton-on-Tees Council say the works were planned well in advance and were nothing to do with the programme. Last year viewers were split in opinion with many accusing producers of promoting 'poverty tourism'
Tabitha Anne Bennett'sent a Facebook message to the girl and told her she was bringing her 13-year-old daughter to meet her to fight her' She 'drove her daughter to the corner in New Port Richey, Florida and left the car holding a knife' Two bystanders recorded the fight on their cell phones. Bennett, who is unemployed, was arrested and charged with child abuse, assault and battery.
Harrison Coogan, Hunter Coker, Carson Buckner and Brandon Barber, all 18, and two 19-year-olds were stopped for an expired tag on Interstate-10 in Mobile County, Alabama. They told police they were heading to Gulf Shores for spring break. More than 100 cases of Natural Light beer, five cases of Corona and a five-litre box of Franzie White Zinfandel were confiscated. Deputies also found ten litres of vodka, tequila, rum, and whiskey.
Matt Pliska, who has Down syndrome, asked Mikenzy Snell to be his prom date last year, and she accepted. On their big night, the juniors from Waupaca, Michigan, made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read: 'Real friends don't count chromosomes' Since the image was shared on Facebook on March 30, more than 15,000 people have liked it.
Jenna Louise Driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality, along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug. The 25-year-old fronted Brisbane court on Saturday for failing to appear on April 7. Police were carrying out checks on her phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog. She was released on conditional bail, which requires her to report to police, abide by residential conditions and not speak to the complainant.
Lib Dem leader promises to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction with tax rises. But he warns it is 'quite simply impossible' to find savings on that scale without causing'real pain to millions of families' and some of the most vulnerable people. Mr Clegg set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises, £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance, £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare. Car tax will rise by £25-a-year, with drivers facing even higher bills under Liberal Democrat plans. A review of
Robert Kirkland died on Saturday morning in Union City, Tennessee, from complications stemming from kidney failure. He founded Kirkland's home decor stores with his cousin Carl in 1966. Kirkland's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states. Donated millions to found the Discovery Park of America education center and tourist spot in Tennessee.
Iceland has been used in filming as far back as 1920 but is now a popular filming location for fantasy, sci-fi and action film directors and producers. Scenes from Christopher Nolans epic Interstellar were filmed atop the blue ice glacier Svinafellsjokull in the Skaftafell National Park. Clint Eastwood opted to film battle scenes for both Letters from Iwo Jima and Flags of Our Fathers in Iceland. Europe's most powerful waterfall, the Dettifoss, was used in the opening of Prometheus.
How to Be a Young Billionaire follows three young British tech entrepreneurs. Robyn Exton, Josh Buckley and Julia Onken are on the hunt for investment. Exton is the founder of Dattch a lesbian dating app. Buckley made his first million at 18 with his games app MinoMonsters. Onken works for high school app Fess but believes she is destined for bigger things. All three are appearing on Channel 4 documentary How To Be A Young Billionaire.
Sharky Jama has reportedly been killed in Syria while fighting with terrorist organisation Islamic State. The Melbourne man's father, Dada Jama, confirmed his death to SBS Radio. His cousins have posted tributes to their much-loved relative on social media, saying he was 'beautiful' The Department of Foreign Affairs was unable to confirm Sharky's death as its capacity to do so was 'extremely limited' Australian consular assistance is no longer available within Syria 'due to the extremely dangerous security situation'
Marie Csaszar, 45, died last September after a ten-year battle with a brain tumour. She had worked for seven years at the BBC's financial centre in Cardiff as a contracts manager. According to her husband Paul, she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders which he says cost licence-fee payers about £150,000. He asked the BBC under the Data Protection Act for copies of his wifes emails in the hope they will provide evidence of her appalling treatment by the Corporation.
Glenn Ford, who was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer after his release last year, was too weak to stand when Marty Stroud walked into his Louisiana home last week but shook his hand. 'I want you to know that I am very sorry,' Stroud said during the somber meeting, which was filmed by Nightline. 'It's a stain on me that will be with me until I go to my grave' 'Right,' Ford responded, without looking up. 'But it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to
Social media platforms have exploded with yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as the nation mourns the death of Stephanie Scott. It comes after police located a body at Cocoparra National Park, in the Riverina region of NSW on Friday night. Ms Scott's sister Kim Scott asked attendees of a memorial picnic on Saturday to 'wear yellow' in memory of Stephanie. Facebook, Instagram and Twitter were flooded by social media users who shared images of yellow clothing, balloons, ribbons, flowers and posters under the hashtag #WearATouchOfYellow. More than 60,000 people have joined memorial
Paul Harris was arrested last July on suspicion of perverting the course of justice. 47-year-old released from bail after providing information to detectives. Claudia Lawrence, 35, was last seen on March 18, 2009, in North Yorkshire. She was reported missing after failing to turn up for 6am shift at University of York. Man, in his 50s, arrested last month on suspicion of chef's murder but later released.
Rona Fairhead, 53, has said she wants to stay for a least another year as director. But two major investors and leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her. MPs criticised her as 'incredibly naïve or totally incompetent' for failure to pick up on scandal. There are claims that HSBCs Swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions.
Chris Sussman, executive editor for comedy, revealed process to get jokes on air. Jokes have to go through 'quite a lot of layers' to be approved, he said at Bafta event. Some have to be looked over by director general Lord Hall, alongside editorial policy advisers, the channel and legal advisers. Comes after 'difficult few years' following Sachsgate, where Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand left lewd messages on Andrew Sachs' voicemail.
Tulip Siddiq was at Kremlin with her aunt, the hardline leader of Bangladesh. She was photographed alongside Putin and Sheikh Hasina, the Prime Minister of Bangladesh and Ms Siddiq's mother Rehana. Tories say she deleted postings and photographs on her blog which showed how she campaigned to get her aunt re-elected. Labour spokesman says she was'separated from any official delegation'
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has released a searchable database of emails and documents from last year's Sony hack into the public domain. Assange and Wikileaks say that the data has a public interest, but the majority of the correspondences run from the mundane to the deeply personal. They expose not just the unguarded opinions of Sony executives, but also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents. The data dump today comes after November's massive hack which has already cost the entertainment giant upwards of $100 million.
Microsoft co-founder this week unveiled 'Vulcan Aerospace' The company will look after the space programs of Stratolaunch Systems. This includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft (117 metres) The plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude, avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from Earth. Initially, the system is intended to deliver satellites weighing up to about 13,500lbs (6,124 kg) into orbits between 112 miles and 1,243 miles (180 km and 2000
Daisy, 26, models Rodial's new contouring range. Was chosen for her'modern, cool and quintessentially British edge' FEMAIL caught up with the model to discover her style and beauty secrets. Top tip is to suck in your cheeks and make a fish face, which casts a natural shadow on your face.
Grant Allen, 38, of Harlow, Essex, travelled first class around the world with girlfriend. He bought holiday home on Costa Del Sol, Spain, using criminally gained money from mortgage fraud. Pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing £30,000 between 2006 and 2010. Allen also splurged £8,700 on a holiday to Florida in 2009 when he took his girlfriend and children to Disney World. Judge Stephen Kramer QC ordered Allen to pay back £491,000 as proceeds of crime.
Jason Cotterill, 42, bombarded his victim with abusive messages over the internet. Sent explicit photo of her to her daughter, 18, and threatened to post a sex video of her. Victim, a former sex worker, said her life became a 'living 'hell' after the incident. Cotterill was jailed for 12 weeks and banned from contacting his victim indefinitely.
The Mudgeeraba Caravan Village is home to more than 100 people. It has been the site of a fatal house fire, stabbings, brawls, and continual violence. Queensland Police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents. Ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park under police protection. Some of the caravan sites include an old bus, tarpaulins, and run-down caravans without running water.
The Todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their Princess Anne home. Father Rodney Todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in November. The six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the Ella Fitzgerald Auditorium at the University of Maryland Eastern Shore on Saturday. Todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep only days after the power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home.
Kelly Osbourne wrote a letter to her mother Sharon Osbourne in Lisa Erspamer's new book A Letter to My Mom, which was published last week. Sharon Osbourne is one of many famous people to write a letter for the book, including Melissa Rivers, Shania Twain, will.i.am, and Sarah Ferguson.
Fanuc CR-35iA claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot' to work with humans without the need for safety fences. The robot uses integrated vision technology called iRVision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator. It can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs (35kg) and could be used in a number of industries, from warehouses to production lines. Amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees.
Victorino Chua accused of killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital, Stockport. He is accused of contaminating patients' saline drips with insulin and poisoning 18 others. In 13-page note he wrote 'bitter nurse confession' in which he spelled out 'how an angel can turn to an evil person' Chua, 49, said he might 'explode' at any time, adding: 'If I will be pushed, they gonna be sorry'
Marcia Eisenhour was awarded more than $270,000 after finding that former Justice Court Judge Craig Storey violated her right to equal protection. Storey wrote in 2007, 'I'd love to harvest your sweet grapes,' and called Eisenhour the'most gorgeous thing alive' The'semi-erotic love poem' was 11 pages long.
Princess Beatrice has been seen at Bahrain Grand Prix, her fourth holiday in a month. The 26-year-old was with her long-term boyfriend Dave Clark, an onlooker said. She was seen walking behind the Crown Prince of Bahrain and curtseying to him. Buckingham Palace has said it has 'no comment' on the sighting of the princess. Beatrice is described as 'working full-time' on her father the Duke of York's website.
Indianara Carvalho, 23, had hymen surgery last year to'restore' her virginity. She said she wanted to enjoy first time all over again with'someone special' Last year, she underwent hymenoplasty to bring'respect' to Miss BumBum title. Now, she has posted a photo of her naked body painted with image of Virgin Mary. Pairing image with special Easter prayer: 'Good Friday. Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength' Image attracted 750 'likes' on Instagram, but
Photographer Lee Thompson captured some of the wacky things people carry on the back of a motorbike or scooter in Vietnam. The Flash Pack's Lee Thompson was on a 14-day flashpacking tour of Vietnam and Cambodia with a group of nine this month. In Vietnam alone there are more than 37 million motorbikes or scooters, making the morning commute in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh seem easy.
Claudia Martins, 33, was suffering from a 'pathological denial of pregnancy' Court heard she kept pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth in the bath. She 'intended' to dispose of the tragic baby's body unnoticed, wrapping it in a plastic bag. But she was prevented from doing so when paramedics arrived and whisked her off to hospital. Martins was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility. Sentenced to two year community order with supervision requirements at Winchester Crown Court.
Kurt Ludwigsen, 43, is accused of kissing, harassing and touching 13 of his players. He is facing 94 sex-related charges including 44 counts of forcible touching of another's sexual parts, 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse. Ludwigsen, who has children aged 15 and 12, lives with his family in Ridgewood, New Jersey. This would have been his first season as coach at Nyack College.
Gloria Ross, 84, was found with distorted face when visited by grandson Wayne Wilkins, 25. When he asked nurses at Whipps Cross Hospital, North East London, for help, they said Mrs Ross was 'just tired' It was not until an hour later that a doctor realised she had suffered a stroke. But she never regained full consciousness and died two weeks later. Her oxygen levels were not checked until she was seen by the ambulance crew. They were found to be at level where brain damage can set in. Barts Health NHS Trust, which runs hospital,
Earl Arthur Olander was found beaten to death in his home in rural Minnesota. The 90-year-old was found with his hands tied behind his back and covered in bruises. Police have offered a $1,000 reward for information which could lead to an arrest. Close friend William Boecker described him as a'stand-up person' and a'surrogate grandfather'
A man from Mittagong in southern New South Wales has won a $20 million Oz Lotto jackpot. He discovered his good fortune on Tuesday evening. The man said he and his wife had been'struggling' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result. 'I checked my ticket so many times from 11pm to 2am! I've had butterflies in my stomach ever since!' he said.
Vijaya Gadde said social network let internet abuse go 'unchecked' She said Twitter had tripled the size of the team that deals with online abuse. Study found 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on Twitter. Anti-bullying campaigners have long complained that Twitter is a sanctuary for trolls.
Thugs caught on camera kicking off wing mirrors and smashing windscreens. Owner Freddy Ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work after Easter break. He is now offering a $1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the trio. Around 30 vehicles were said to have been damaged, with the repair bill totalling $20,000.
Kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with rapist's child. Her brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her'shamed' family as she was unmarried. Kabul court sentenced her to two years in prison for 'adultery by force', later increased to 12 years. The only hope of a reduced sentence was to marry Asadullah, which she did in early 2013. Now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter - named Smile - could live a shame-
Dozens of public servants were told their jobs would be lost in a cruel April Fools' Day prank. The Canberra based Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade workers were given an 'announcement' on a big TV screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to Melbourne. It comes as the DFAT is planning to cut 500 jobs by June this year.
Megan Huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to strangling six of her children to death. She strangled them to death moments after they were born in Pleasant Grove, Utah. Huntsman, a meth addict, then hid their bodies in her garage for more than a decade. Her estranged husband found one of the corpses while cleaning out garage last year. Sentenced to five years to life in prison today - but family members rallied round her. Three of her sentences will run consecutively, meaning she will spend at least 15 years.
Darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st  the king of the Continental Giant breed. He is the size of an average eight-year-old child. Darius seems nonchalant about his world record  and untroubled that he is set to lose his title to his son, Jeff. Aged only one, Jeff is already 3ft 8in long and weighing 2st.
Incredible video shows two planes landing perfectly in sync at San Francisco Airport. Passenger on one of the planes captured the moment from his seat in the front of the plane. Planes' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time as they exit the clouds and approach the runway. Airport has two pairs of parallel runways separated by just 750 feet.
Cpl. Burt Hazeltine, 36, was directing traffic on US 90 near Louisiana Street in suburban New Orleans when he was shot three times in the face, elbow and eye. Suspect Paul Devillier, 56, was arrested a short time later after a brief 'tussle' with officers. St Charles Parish Sheriff Greg Champagne says the two men got into a verbal spat over traffic before the shooting. Devillier allegedly got out of his 2014 Chevy Silverado pickup and opened fire on the officer. Hazeltine is in stable but guarded condition at Interim
Zeus, an 11-year-old retired K-9 officer, was honored in a special tribute on Wednesday by the Ridgefield Police Department in Connecticut. The German Shepherd, who served eight years in the force, took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week. Zeus was being taken to Ridgefield Veterinary Clinic where he was to be euthanized. He had to retire last May due to a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health.
tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate. When they are placed on specific parts of the face, vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin, eradicate dark circles, lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen. The UK beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth £17 bn.
Shadow chancellor said he would not make 'unfunded and uncosted commitments' Comes after David Cameron pledged to give the NHS whatever it needed. But he refused to say how he will find the £8billion a year NHS needs. Mr Balls said: 'I'll save the NHS but I'm not going to make promises until we can show where the money will come from  that's the irresponsible approach'
The unidentified woman from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage. She walked to the Kosciuszko Bridge from the Brooklyn side shortly before noon on Monday, climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping. Two NYPD patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on Newtown Creek, which connects Greenpoint to Maspeth, Queens. At about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and New York Police Department officers pulled her to safety over the railing. A witness said the woman is a 44-year-old Polish mother-of-one who was going through
Fiona Cullum sheltered Hassan Hussain and Yassin James as they hunted for Sabrina Moss. Hussain and James sprayed bullets at mother-of-one Miss Moss and her friends. Cullum then lied to officers when quizzed about Hussain after he was arrested. She was today handed a suspended sentence by Judge Stephen Kramer QC. Judge said those who help criminals evade justice strike at the very heart of justice'
Annegret Raunigk, 65, is in the 21st week of her pregnancy with quadruplets. She already has 13 children, the oldest of whom is 44, by five different fathers. Primary school teacher from Berlin has seven grandchildren and is due to retire this year.
Prince Charles has led tributes to Hayley Okines, dubbed the '100-year-old teenager' In a letter to her parents Charles described her as 'an inspiration to millions' He said he was 'deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life' More than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered for Hayley's funeral this afternoon. Her tiny turquoise-coloured coffin was carried into All Saints Church in Sidley, Bexhill-on-Sea.
Pest control company Mortein has copped a spray after making the 'tasteless decision' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher Stephanie Scott. Mortein posted a picture to the account of its mascot, Louie the Fly, along with '#putyourdressout' The post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive. The company has since apologised for any offence caused.
Hyperkin case adds the iconic directional arrows, plus the A and B buttons from the Nintendo Game Boy to an iPhone. It was originally devised as part of an April Fool's joke, but demand for a real product was so high the firm has announced plans to sell a consumer version. Called Smart Boy, the attachment also lets gamers play their existing Game Boy and Game Boy Color games cartridges on their Apple handset. Hyperkin has not announced price details or when the first models will go on sale.
Photojournalist Yaakov Naumi grew up in an ultra orthodox Jewish home in Bnei Brak, Israel. He trained as a photojournalist with the haredi press, Behadrey Haredim, and revealed that his work there meant he encountered rituals he'd never seen before. Naumi's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave that's had a body removed from it in a ritual he believes will prolong his life. Another image shows a Jewish woman walking a chicken with a piece of rope and swinging it over her head to transfer her sins to the animal.
Davion Only, 16, has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going and her family. The 52-year-old has known Davion since he was seven years old when she became his caseworkers. On April 22 she will officially become Davion's mother. In 2013 Davion made a plea for a family to 'love him forever' at his Florida church. He was adopted by a minister in Ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he got into a fight with one of the minister's children.
Matt Stopera misplaced his iPhone in New York City and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his Photostream. The phone had made its way half way around the world to southeastern China and into the hands of 30-year-old restaurant owner Li Hongjun. Mr Hongjun had received the phone as a gift but forgot to wipe its contents. His photos were automatically uploaded to Matt's new phone and as an editor for BuzzFeed, he began writing and Tweeting about it. Their 'lost-phone-
Malijah Grant, 1, was taken off life support on Saturday after she was shot in the head in a Thursday drive-by shooting outside Seattle. Malijah was sitting in the back of a silver Chevy Impala with her parents up front when around 5 shots were fired Thursday afternoon. Two male suspects are now being sought by police.
Godfrey Elfwick appeared on BBC World Service programme World Have Your Say. He said Star Wars films are full of social problems 'rooted in homophobia and racism' Claimed Darth Vader listens to rap music and C-3PO is a 'camp, neurotic coward' BBC has apologised and said it was a hoax as the force was not with them on this occasion.
The Kola fireball was spotted on April 19 last year near the Russian-Finnish border. Researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down fragments. They determined its path by studying its flight and the meteorite's final impact site. This led them to the Annama meteorite, which is a 1,100lb (500kg) rock with high strength. A computer model compared the orbit of Annama with the evolution of a dozen orbits of near-Earth asteroids. It showed a similarity with the 2014 UR116, which was discovered in October. 2014 UR
Deputy PM said control of Department for Education would be key demand of any deal. He said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battle against 'ideological gimmicks' of Michael Gove. Mr Clegg repeatedly clashed with Mr Gove over his education reforms. Gove was demoted from running ministry in last year's Cabinet reshuffle to become Tory Chief Whip.
Kelly Nash, 25, was last seen alive January 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing, and told his girlfriend, Jessica Sexton, he was not feeling well. He left the house without his wallet, ID card or keys to his truck. On February 8, a man fishing at Lake Lanier discovered Nash's badly decomposed body. Nash was discovered in the water wearing the same pajama pants and dark shirt he had on hours before he went missing.
Humans of New York photographer shared photo of woman whose name is Beyoncé. The photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name. Beyoncé says: 'Sometimes I hate my name because it always draws attention to me, and I'm not a very social person' Photo has received almost 300,000 shares as well as thousands of comments from people with equally unfortunate names.
The White House said today that Bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the Japanese Prime Minister. The first lady said in a statement she was 'lucky to have such a talented individual on my team' 'I am equally lucky to have made a lifelong friend in Jeremy,' she added. 'Jeremy will be missed, and Barack and I wish him the very best in all of his future endeavors'  Barrier-breaking Bernard has served quietly as social secretary since February 2011, carefully avoiding the limelight.
The U.S. Census Bureau released the updated figures online Tuesday. 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014, according to the findings. In 2012, that number was 94.9. For women ages 20 to 24, 75.2 percent did not have children last year, researchers found. 49.6 percent of 25 to 29-year-old women and 18.5 percent of 35- to 39-year old women are childless. Those with a graduate or professional degree had the highest childlessness rate at 22.5% last year
Chris Roberts was yanked off his plane after it landed in Syracuse, New York. He was questioned for four hours by FBI agents and two uniformed officers. Roberts, who works for security intelligence company One World Labs, was in town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems. The FBI confiscated his electronic devices and computer files from Roberts.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 87, said Nazi gas chambers were 'a detail of history' His daughter Marine Le Pen is the current leader of France's far-right National Front party. She said she would oppose his candidacy in December elections to lead Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur region. Mr Le Pen has refused to step down as honorary president of the far right party.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan, 45, was crushed beneath the wheels of Knight's truck in January. He was left with two fractured ankles and wounds to his head, knees and shoulder. But he told the court on Monday that he does not remember specifics of the incident. Knight is accused of murdering Terry Carter, 55, and trying to murder Sloan. Says he was ambushed and ran the men down in an escape attempt, but Sloan says he was not attacked. Judge Ronald Coen said 'this witness is being deceptive'
Loved-up couples around the world are sharing the intimate moment they got engaged via Instagram account HowHeAsked. One Parisian proposal was captured by a photographer secretly hired by the gallant groom-to-be. At the top of a tough hiking trail in Hawaii, known as Stairway to Heaven, one bride was taken by surprise. 'With shaky legs and so many tears in my eyes, I said yes'
Kaden Lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in Bremerton, Washington, on March 28. Heather Kelso, who was sharing a room with the boy's mother, Jalisa, was also killed. Two weeks on, the Kitsap Sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page. It depicts Kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as Uncle Sam. The wording above the cartoon reads: 'Since Kaden is an angel, then&' while 'America's gun culture' is written over the top of the devil. K
From cakes to curries, freezing brings out more of their flavour and boosts the texture. Here, Tessa Cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test. Freezing a curry is a great way to make the most of leftovers especially as they can be reheated. Curries don't only have to be enjoyed the first time round  you can freeze the leftovers and reheat when needed.
Stephen Dodd tweeted a picture of Asif Bodi and Abubakar Bhula praying at Anfield. He posted it on Twitter with the caption: 'Muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace' Mr Dodd's post was met with widespread condemnation on social media. Police investigated but decided no criminal offence had taken place. Campaigners have called for football clubs to install prayer rooms for Muslim fans.
Jake Boys, 19, surprised his girlfriend Emily Canham, 18, with tickets to Cardiff. But he ended up booking plane tickets to the Republic of Ireland instead of Welsh capital. Miss Canham tweeted her dismay upon learning of her boyfriend's mistake. Arsenal fan Mr Boys, from Hailsham, East Sussex, is now planning to buy new tickets. One Direction will be supported by McBusted on June 5 and 6 in Cardiff.
Carolyn Thorpe, 62, was killed and her daughter injured when the tree fell on them. The 20-foot ash tree was planted 200 years ago to mark the birth of Napoleon I's first son. An investigation found it was ridden with parasites that had rotted the wood. Town hall of Hiers-Brouage has now paid more than £86,000 in compensation.
Lawrence Tynes, 36, is seeking $20million in lost future earnings and $15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail. The lawsuit was announced on Monday and alleges that the Buccaneers 'failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals' Tynes and another player, offensive guard Carl Nicks, both contracted Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infections during a July 2013 outbreak. Nicks reached a settlement with the team last year over his infection for $3million.
Nasa's Messenger spacecraft is currently 18 miles (29.1km) above Mercury. It has spent four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun and is due to hit its surface on 30 April. Engineers used the last of the spacecraft's fuel to try to push it into a higher orbit. But they ran out before they could raise it to more than 11 miles (18km)above the surface. As it drops closer to the planet's surface, it is sending back the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system. Among the features it has revealed are
Women ask for £4,000 less for typical job, but this widens to £10,000 in senior roles. On average, women ask for almost a fifth less than men in some financial sectors. East Anglia and the East Midlands had the largest gender difference in expected salaries, while North West England had the smallest.
Edwin 'Jock' Mee allegedly targeted young army cadets in Croydon, south London. He allegedly locked a female recruit in an office and raped her when she was 19. The woman, now 27, told Southwark Crown Court that Mee raped her as he called her a'sweet woman' She claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy. Mee is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an Army careers centre between October 2010 and September 2011. Divorced father-of-five denies 17
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities, a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening. Facebook removed a photo of the boy after a pro-life group put it in an ad in an effort to promote his story. The social media site has since reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake. A post about the removal of the photo was shared 30,000 times in six hours.
Sir David Nicholson warns of a'substantial financial problem' at the heart of the NHS. Former head of NHS England says politicians are ignoring the problem to boost election chances. Warns the financial peril the health service faces will soon be 'crystal clear' Says it is vital for the NHS to have a 'political consensus' guaranteeing its budget. Jeremy Hunt and Nick Clegg say Labour must 'explain why they won't find the money' Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt says the NHS needs an extra £8billion a year by 2020.
Hillary Clinton took a United Airlines regional jet from Omaha, Nebraska to Newark, New Jersey on Thursday. She had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in Council Bluffs, Iowa, home to a cafe where she held a top-secret meeting with Democratic Party insiders. Hours before her flight, Secret Service agents parked the now-familiar 'Scooby' van in a handicapped spot so she would have a shorter walk. It's not clear how her armored and customized campaign vehicles will get back to Chappaqua. If Hillary were the American president, they would be rolled aboard
Dr Ram Manohar, 38, is alleged to have touched nurses in 2013 at Arrowe Park Hospital. Nurse A said he groped her breast after she asked him about chest X-rays. She said he later asked her a question about the heart, which she got wrong. Manohar denies four counts of sexual assault at Liverpool Crown Court.
A man dressed as a woman robbed a petrol station in Watervale, Victoria. The cross-dressing robber demanded money from a female shop assistant. He then produced what appeared to be a fake machine gun from a black bag. Police have released an image of a man that may assist with their enquiries.
New information from Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet. Perchlorate has been found in the soil, which lowers the freezing point so the water does not freeze into ice, but is liquid and present in very salty water. Curiosity detected salts called perchlorates, which absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid.
Rev Richard Coles rose to fame as half of the famously gay 1980s pop band The Communards. Known to many for presenting Radio 4s gentle human interest show Saturday Live. He is the supposed inspiration for the hero of BBC church sitcom Rev. The Rev.
Leo Bernal, 8, was released from the hospital Friday, five days after he was shot in the head by an armed home intruder in Culver City, California. Doctors had to open the child's skull to extract the bullet, leaving him with a partially shaved scalp and 23 staples. Police have asked the public's help in finding the gunman who opened fire at around 11.55pm Sunday inside the boy's home in the Del Rey neighborhood near Venice Beach.
Randy Linn was sentenced two years ago for starting a fire that caused over $1million in damages to a suburban Toledo, Ohio, mosque. Federal prosecutors said Linn drove from his home in St. Joe, Indiana, to the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo in September 20112. He broke into the mosque, poured gasoline on a prayer rug and set it on fire. Linn later said while pleading guilty to hate crime charges that he'd become enraged after seeing images of wounded soldiers in the news and decided to burn the mosque.
Eating out is associated with higher calorie, saturated fat and salt intake. Team at Duke-NUS Graduate Medical School in Singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension. Of these, 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week.
The Jane Doe was found in a wooded area in Volusia County, Florida, on April 23, 1990. The death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open. Forensics recently created a computer-generated image of the womans face, which is the biggest development in the case in years. She is described as between 25 and 40 years old, about 5-feet 4-inches in height and of a medium build.
The GR20 trail runs down the mountainous spine of Corsica and happens to be the toughest trek in Europe. Footpaths used for more than 1,000 years by shepherds leading their animals to summer pastures. The average hike was five to seven hours and at times Wendy walked for ages without meeting another person. Accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels.
Motorola's Gold Moto 360 is available to pre-order online from O2. Customers making orders before 10pm BST on 20 April will receive the watch the next day. It will then go on general sale online and exclusively from O2 stores on 23 April. The original Moto 360 has a 22mm black leather strap and costs £199. Apple's Watch is currently available for pre-orders in the US, Canada, UK, Germany, France, Australia, Hong Kong, China and Japan.
Kevin Morton, 49, gave son Kye Backhouse, 13, a super-strong painkiller by mistake. Kye was found dead at his home in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, in October last year. Morton admitted manslaughter at Preston Crown Court and could now face jail. 'I gave him a tablet by mistake that was too strong for him, it's my fault - I have to live with it for the rest of my life'
Dominika Petrinova, from the Czech Republic, was furious after her boyfriend Erik Meldik's prank, which went viral after he posted it online. The 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog Sam had accidentally been put in the wash. So she decided to exact her revenge in a painful prank of her own by super gluing the waxing strips to a plastic office chair. She then promised her boyfriend, who had celebrated his birthday the day before, a special treat.
Facinet Keita was representing Guinea in the 2012 Olympics. He was knocked out in the qualifying stages of the Men's +100kg judo. Claims his coaches told him he lost the fight 'like a baby' and there would be trouble when he returned. Keita fled the Olympic village in summer 2012, claiming his failure to win a medal meant he would be murdered if he returned to his native Guinea. His wife who was left to look after the couples two children has now split from him because she 'couldn't wait for him'
MailOnline Travel looks at the world's most unusual, excessive hotel amenities. At over 50 locations of the Kimpton Hotel chain in the US, staff will put a pet fish in any guest's room. Fiji's Namale Resort & Spa whisk couples away for a picnic lunch in paradise. The Club Hotel & Spa in Jersey has a sunshine butler on hand to polish sunglasses. Wild Dunes Resort in South Carolina has hired a charming 'best man for hire'
A Pain and Gain report released by CoreLogic for the December quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low. When being compared to their prior purchase price, only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss. A shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price. The report showed that Sydney recorded the lowest loss-making resales at just 2.4 percent over the quarter which is down from 3.5 percent in a year. Perth and Melbourne also saw extremely low resale losses of 5.5 and 5
Duli Hembrom wrote to principal of Milan Mithi Uchha Vidyalaya begging her to stop wedding. She wrote: 'I do not want to get married, I took an oath at the time of admission that I will not get married before I turn 18' Her father Lachhu, who lives in Gudibanda with Duli's mother, said child marriage was common in society. Child Marriage Restraint Act, passed in India during British rule in 1929, specified a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed.
Amir Khan posted pictures on Snapchat while driving his car in Fremont, California. The boxer could face a police probe after posting the pictures from behind the wheel. Fremont Police Department are yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps. According to Californian law, using a mobile phone while driving is an offence. Comes eight years after the boxer was convicted for driving without due car and attention.
Countdown co-presenter Rachel Riley was left embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rude eight-letter word. Host Nick Hewer tried, and failed, to stifle his giggles as a blushing Ms Riley spelt out the word 'erection' Dr Phil Hammond saved the day with the nine letter word'recondite'
Secret Service supervisor Xavier Morales, 48, has been placed on indefinite administrative leave after a female employee accused him of assaulting her at agency headquarters. The female agent alleged that she was attending a party with Morales in a D.C. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her. After the two employees returned to the office from the party, Morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted, according to two people briefed on her statement. Morales, who was a manager in the agency's security clearance division, was due to start his new position this week
More than 1,000 crimes have been created by the Coalition in a frenzy of law-making. Legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day. Research shows Government invented 22 ways of criminalising public every month. So-called crimes include diving into Thames without authority, queue-jumping at Tube station and hogging middle lane of motorway.
School leaders warn the 'bleak' situation is likely to worsen due to the rise in pupil numbers and 'greater competition' for graduates among employers. London schools are experiencing the most problems finding teachers in English, maths and science. Non-core subjects facing recruitment difficulties include geography, design and technology, business studies, computer science, religious education and modern foreign languages.
Flight ET607 was travelling from Guangzhou, China, to Addis Ababa. First diverted to Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport to refuel. After topping up it departed for Bole International Airport in the Ethiopian capital. But was forced to return to Mumbai due to engine trouble, Indian media reported. Passengers disembarked and were taken to a hotel 12 hours after departure.
Hizb ut-Tahrir (HT) has 'big UK support base' and has joined forces with al-Qaeda in Syria. 100 members 'attacked activists in Aleppo during anti-regime demonstration last week' Group has been known to recruit members at British universities. Several British men linked to ISIS are known to have been in contact with group. Maajid Nawaz, Lib Dem MP for Hampstead and Kilburn, was a member for 13 years. The 37-year-old was jailed in Egypt in 2005 for his role in radical Islamist group.
Cortez Berry, 18, was serving time at the Burruss Correctional Training Center in Forsyth, Georgia, for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery. The disturbing image was uploaded to Facebook Friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail. It shows the teen hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men, one of whom is holding the leash. 'I was like oh my God! What happened? How'd it happen? It's a terrifying picture to see,' Berry's mother, Demetria Harris, said.
Kefalonia is a foodie heaven thanks to its charming family-run tavernas. The island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent. Great forests of pines, cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides. From Lourdas Bay you can see Zakynthos Island and the beautiful Shipwreck Beach.
Attorney General Eric Holder sent a memo on Friday to Justice Department employees reminding them that soliciting prostitutes is against agency rules. His memo came weeks after a scathing inspector general's report found the DEA had mishandled allegations that several of its agents went to sex parties with prostitutes. Ten DEA agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had the alleged parties 'at government-leased headquarters' Three of the special agents 'were provided money, expensive gifts, and weapons from drug cartel members', according to the report.
This year has seen a rash of massive dust storms around the world that have led to travel chaos and blocked out sunlight. This week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual 'apocalyptic' dust storm, known in Arabic as a haboob, struck Belarus, turning day to night. Earlier this month Britain was shrouded in a cloud of Saharan dust, known as 'blood rain,' as the temperatures soared. In December a small town in Queensland, Australia, experienced a dust storm that residents said was unprecedented in magnitude. And in February raging sandstorms engulfed Israel, Palestine, Lebanon and Egypt causing
The U.S. Department of Agriculture said Monday that the H5N2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest Iowa's Osceola County. The confirmation means up to 5.3 million hens there must be destroyed in a state that produces one in every five eggs consumed in the country. Seven other Midwestern states have also been hit by the virus, dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since March. Minnesota has had 28 turkey farms hit, far more than any other state.
The typed dispatch was sent by German president Karl Doenitz on May 8, 1945. He told officers to abandon fighting or face the Allies' wrath. It was seized from Luftwaffe chief Robert von Greim when he was arrested that day. The WWI fighter ace then killed himself rather than be tortured by the Russians. Doenitz had been Hitler's choice to replace him as leader of the Nazis.
Liberal Democrats will vow to protect entire education budget in next parliament. Spending would rise per pupil with an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in next five years. Nick Clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks after May 7. It is understood he is trying to win over 'centre-ground' Tory voters worried about funding cuts.
Arlette Ricci, 74, was 'particularly determined' to stash money in Swiss accounts. She denied hiding the equivalent of more than £15million, saying she had simply tried to avoid tax  which is legal  rather than evade it. But bugged phone conversations between the heiress and her daughter suggested otherwise. Ricci was given a total of three years in prison, with two years suspended.
Forget tap water, we're now being sold a raft of infused and health-boosting H20s. Sweet tasting birch water contains saponins which can help your body absorb less fat. Cactus water contains extract of prickly pear cactus, which can aid the digestive system. BLKvic Water has 77 trace minerals and electrolytes. Australian pop siblings Kylie and Dannii Minogue said to be fans of Fulvic Water.
Sofar Gourian, popularly known as 'Safinaz', was fined £15,000 for 'insulting the Egyptian flag' Court in Agouza, west of Cairo, said she was found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant. She is expected to avoid jail time after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal. Complaint against her was filed by a businesswoman and hotel owner in Mohandeseen.
The 22-year-old said she kneed Jason Lee, an ex-Goldman Sachs managing director, in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $35,000 a month rented mansion. She sobbed and said she was left in a state of 'disbelief' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault. Lee, 38, who is married, denies first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted.
Malia Obama, 16, reportedly was taught how to drive by the U.S. Secret Service. First lady Michelle Obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host Rachael Ray in an interview that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family. Mrs. Obama hasn't driven herself in seven or eight years, she said. 'My kids have got to learn how to live in the world like normal kids,' Mrs. Obama said.
Bradley Dew, 26, had been drinking with his friend at a pub in Faversham, Kent. He had borrowed his mobile and returned to his friend's home to claim it had been lost. As the friend said he was about to go out with his girlfriend, Dew pushed him back into a wall before striking him across the face and stole £10 out of his wallet. Dew fled the scene and was found by police hiding in the toilets of a nearby pub. Officers said Dew was likely to have been left feeling vulnerable after being mugged in his own home.
Tara and Gavin Hills, from Kanata, Canada, have been anti-vaxxers for six years. The Hills' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated, but the four youngest ones got no shots at all, leaving them vulnerable to whooping cough. Tara Hills wrote a blog post titled Learning the Hard Way: My Journey from #AntiVaxx to Science, which has been viewed more than 2million times. Her six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years have been ordered to remain in quarantine until they stop being contagious.
Kim, 50, was arrested early Thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer. The mother-of-four was reportedly drinking vodka tonics at The Polo Lounge in The Beverly Hills Hotel when a bartender refused to serve her. She then reportedly became angry and said: 'Don't you know who I am?' The reality star was taken to a local jail where she allegedly kicked a cop and 'passively resisted arrest' She was released on $20,000 bail and is due to appear in court on May 10.
A tweet purporting to be from Sydney radio station 2UE emerged on Twitter on Thursday morning. 'Apologies for the s*** news service these days. #bringbackblanda,' the post began. The hashtag was in reference to the station's former newsreader Steve Blanda, who had read the news at 2UE for over a decade. A 2UE spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts. They said it had not been used in years, and they believe it had been hacked, but by who they
Annabel Beam, now 12, fell 30ft headfirst down a hollow tree in 2011. She was playing outside with her sisters when she slipped and fell inside the tree. While unconscious, she said she 'went to heaven and sat in Jesus's lap' She survived the fall with only bumps and bruises and was rushed to hospital. Doctors said: 'I guess someone up there was looking out for her' Now she can eat solid food for the first time and believes she visited Heaven.
Chelsy, 29, was seen leaving an art gallery in Mayfair in high spirits. Wore tan wedges, ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on Wednesday night. Joined friends at the opening of The Ivy Chelsea Garden restaurant on Tuesday. Davy dated Prince Harry for six years before they split in 2010.
Operation Xeres will focus on abuse at Skegby Hall children's home near Mansfield. Inquiry will also look into nine other centres in Nottinghamshire where children were said to have been physically or sexually abused. Three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre, where teenage inmates were detained with the oldest claim dating back to the 1940s. Police will look at whether the abuse was systematic or organised.
Naz Shah has previously claimed she was forced into marriage when she was 15. Mother-of-three is standing against George Galloway in Bradford West by Labour. But Mr Galloway's Respect Party claims to have a copy of her 'nikah' or Pakistani marriage certificate. They say it shows she was actually married in 1990, when she would have been 15.
Jerry A. Hostetler was once a 24-year-old pimp known to Indianapolis police as Mr. Big. After becoming a local construction mini-mogul, he started buying up the homes around his modest 3-bedroom ranch house. He cobbled them together, dug a swimming pool, dug ponds, imported fountains, added ballrooms, added life-size statues of gorillas, added a stone grotto (into which he installed a hot tub) The 26,000-square-foot castle was built of ranch homes glued together by a former pimp turned construction
Grenada is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk. Exotic fruit - mangoes, star fruit, passion fruit, melon and skin-up  are the stars of the summer. Meat and fish are plentiful and, because the soil is very fertile, the vegetables, fruit and salads are the glossiest you'll ever see.
Richard Howarth, 35, says he breaks out in a sweat when he sees Ukip leader on TV. He says hearing his voice makes him 'physically sick' and he has to change channels. Mr Howarth's wife Catherine, 32, says her husband gets so wound up by Farage he starts to shake. Psychologist Dr Rick Norris says it's possible to have a reaction to a politician you disagree with.
Sally Betts wrote a glowing character reference for Luke Lazarus after he raped an 18-year-old in an alleyway outside his father's nightclub. The Waverley mayor is now developing a program to teach young women about 'risky behaviour' Lazarus was jailed for at least three years on March 27 for raping the teenage virgin. Cr Betts said she wrote the reference in support of Lazarus's grandparents whom she has been friends with for 30 years. She also said she had no hesitation supporting Lazarus and his family. A council investigation is underway to determine whether she broke the
Teaching watchdog working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in Birmingham. Includes allegations an al-Qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles. More than 50 teachers - called the Park View Brotherhood - alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in a WhatsApp group. These included offensive comments about British soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier Lee Rigby in Woolwich, was a hoax.
Thomas Jenkins, 49, of Capitol Heights, Maryland, was arrested last month by deputies with the Prince George's County Sheriff's Office. From September 2014 to February 2015, Jenkins allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in Dover, Delaware. Police say Jenkins had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in Maryland on March 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled. Jenkins is being held in Maryland and will face 72 charges involving the 18 burglaries in Dover when he is returned to Delaware.
Bogan Shire Council wants to erect a 'big bogan' statue in Nyngan, western New South Wales. Graeme Burke is the manager of engineering services for the council. His proposal is for a 3.6m tall steel figure cut out of 5mm steel plate. The figure is wearing a singlet, has a handlebar moustache and is holding a fishing rod. Locals and visitors would also be able to sit on it and take photographs. Mr Burke estimated the construction and installation of the 'Big Bogan' would be a total cost of $8
Dr Bav Shergill, a consultant dermatologist at Queen Victoria Hospital in East Grinstead, gives his verdict on suncreams. Ladival is the first product to protect against infra-red A rays as well as UVA and UVB. Dr Skin's lotion and sun drink comes with liquid food supplement shots, while Goldfaden MD Sun Visor Oil Free Spray is said to be 'physician strength'
Mario Draghi held his hands up for protection when the demonstrator leapt on to podium. She yelled 'End the ECB dictatorship!' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards. A third threw himself in front of Mr Draghi and flashed a V-for-victory sign. #Draghi became a trending hashtag on Twitter - a rare event for a central banker. Feminist activist group Femen claimed responsibility for the stunt in Frankfurt, Germany.
Vincent Cianni spent three years traveling the U.S. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression, sadness and silence. The 63-year-old photographer said he embarked on the project, Gays in the Military, to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with. Before DADT, which was enacted in 1993, homosexual behavior was considered a criminal offense within the military.
The next time you order your coffee give some thought to your choice of pastry. A latte which has a light espresso flavour is best complemented with a Chelsea bun. Espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis. Flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin, and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut.
Ricky Dearman was falsely accused of being the leader of a London satanic cult. He was accused of trafficking children into the UK to be tortured and killed on video. Scotland Yard investigated the 'baseless' claims but found they were made by his children. They had been tortured by their mother and her partner, who fed them drugs. Police are now hunting for Ella Draper and Abraham Christie, who may have fled abroad. Mr Dearman hopes to win custody of his children, who are eight and nine and in care.
Wonga racked up a £37.3million loss last year following reduction in UK consumer lending. Revenues declined to £217.2million in the period, down by almost £100million. City watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in January.
Britain will still be running a budget deficit at the end of the decade, IMF warns. Watchdog said state will continue to spend more on public services than it raises in tax. Projection underlines how hard it will be for next government to eliminate annual deficit. Tories have pledged to return Britain to the black in 2018-19 with a surplus of £5.2billion. But IMF predicted there will be a deficit of £7billion that year - even after decade of austerity.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was in Perth over the Easter holidays. She was in the city to meet wives and partners of SAS members. Shoe designer Jimmy Choo is currently in Australia to host his first ever Australian masterclass. The pair met for lunch at Nobu restaurant in Perth's Crown Casino. Ms Bishop is a huge fan of the Malaysian shoe designer's pieces. But she didn't wear his designs, opting for another of his friend's designs instead.
Kellie Cherie Phillips, 38, and Jondrew Megil Lachaux, a 39-year-old ex-convict, may be in the Los Angeles or Oakland, California, areas. Police are worried about the welfare of the five children believed to be with them. The 17-year old was taken into custody Wednesday, after police were alerted by hospital officials to the condition of the 4-month-old. She had taken the baby to Sunrise Hospital. A police SWAT team broke into the house Thursday to find the body of the 3-year. old.
Sonia Pereiro-Mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses. Claims she was'mocked' and subjected to 'derogatory' comments about her childcare. She recorded managers at the global investment firm 'without their knowledge' Executive director in distressed investing is suing for sex and maternity discrimination.
Cordula Schacht is representing Joseph Goebbels' estate in the case against Random House Germany and its imprint Sidler. Dispute comes after Peter Longerich, a leading authority on the Holocaust and Nazi Germany, drew on the diaries for a biography called GoebBels, which was published in Germany in 2010. English edition of the biography, which includes the same entries, is due to be published by Penguin Random House UK on May 7. Publisher Rainer Dresen, general counsel of Random House, believes paying such money would be immoral.
Train was traveling through Salters Pond Road and Highway 121, near Trenton, S.C., on Friday. Derailment caused several cars to overturn and leak, sparking a 1.5-mile-wide evacuation. Car was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic, nitrogen-based chemical. It can form explosive mixtures with air, and is also transporting non-hazardous nitrate. Thirty people were subsequently evacuated from their homes as a precaution. No injuries were reported, and no one was injured in the crash, officials said.
Trevor Brooks is an associate of Islamist firebrand preacher Anjem Choudary. He was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk. Home Office letter says he is linked to members of banned group Al Muhajiroun. Brooks, 39, was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term.
UK clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 - seven times higher than France's 0.4 per cent. Britain is expected to cement its position as one of fastest growing major economies in West. IMF is forecasting solid growth of  2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent  in 2016. Within the G7, only the US expected to perform better than Britain, says IMF.
Anthony Mann, 78, admitted killing his wife Janet at their home in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He was given a two year suspended sentence at Leamington Justice Centre today. Mrs Mann's health had deteriorated since 2008 and she was suffering from dementia. She was unable to go to the toilet alone and was in chronic pain. Mann said his wife had been in a distressed state and had told him she had had enough. In a statement to police he said: 'She was screaming and said she did not want live like this' He added: 'I went
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Berlin, will give birth to four babies in weeks. Mother-of-13 already has 13 children and is due to retire this year. She is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated using sperm and eggs. The identity of the babies' father is unknown.
Labour leader accuses the PM of 'ducking' chance to defend his record in government. Accuses Cameron of not taking job interview or explaining how he would pay for spending pledges. Cameron insists he has 'unblocked the log jam' stopping the debates taking place. 'Challengers' Debate' will feature Miliband, Farage, Nigel Farage, Natalie Bennett, Nicola Sturgeon, Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood and Greens' Natalie Bennett.
A handful of animal keepers at Salt Lake City's Hogle Zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when Eve, a Bornean orangutan, died a few weeks after giving birth. Now 5 months old, the 14-inch, 11-pound Tuah is starting to crawl. About 9,000 people visited the zoo Saturday, said Erica Hansen, the zoo's community relations coordinator.
Pret A Manger's new concept is called 'Good Evenings' and runs from 6pm to 11pm every night. Diners can order at tills but be served at tables decked out in smart crockery and silverware. They can enjoy meals along with wines and craft beers as jazz wafts from speakers. Burger King's new Party in the Park menu consists of three new burgers: the Mushroom Swiss Steakhouse, the Pulled Pork BBQ Whopper and the Ciabatta Chicken Tendercrisp.
150 people killed in the Germanwings air disaster in French Alps have been remembered at a memorial service in Germany today. Cardinal who led the service at Cologne Cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot Andreas Lubitz. Lubitz is widely blamed for 'deliberately' crashing the jet after locking captain out of cockpit. Investigation into disaster revealed he had previously suffered from severe depression and researched ways of committing suicide. German President Joachim Gauck said tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow, adding: 'We're being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction'
A two-metre South American boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python and set it free. Queensland Police found the snake at the base of a tree on a footpath in Surfers Paradise and then released it into the wild. Snake catcher Tony Harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has Inclusion Body Disease 'it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in Australia' The reptile could pose a threat to local wildlife and even people's pet cats and dogs.
William Beggs, 54, known as the Limbs in the Loch murderer, is serving a life sentence. He murdered and dismembered Barry Wallace, 18, in Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, in 1999. Teenager's limbs and torso were found in Loch Lomond and his head was dumped in sea. Beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in attack. Alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to prison.
Cannabidiol (CBD) is extracted from hemp and is used to treat pets' ailments. Compounds in the plant have been known to alleviate joint pains, treat mood disorders and even help pets lose weight. Research has also suggested CBD can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets. Canna Companion, based in Sultan in Washington, uses hemp from the Cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs. While Canna-Pet sells boxes of CBD biscuits for $16.49 (£11.20)
The Hague is a hidden gem of a city in the centre of the Netherlands. It was classed as a village until Napoleon's brother set up residence here in 1806. The city is home to one of the cornerstones of European art - Vermeer's Girl With A Pearl Earring.
The New York Post's Page Six alleged Sunday that Flay, 50, has been cheating on Stephanie March, 40, with his assistant Elyse Tirrell, 28, for three years. Flay's business partner Laurence Kretchmer moved swiftly to dismiss the claims, saying that if Flay had been having an affair with an employee, he would have known about it. The Food Network chef filed for divorce from March in April saying that his 10-year marriage has 'irretrievably broken down' The actress is contesting the prenuptial agreement the couple signed ahead of
Siti Zainab was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer. She was on death row for over 15 years while Saudi authorities waited for victim's youngest child to reach adulthood - to decide whether or not to pardon her or demand her execution. Zainab had no legal representation at any stage and did not have access to a consular representative during the police interrogation when she had made her 'confession' Amnesty International says her killing'smacks of a basic lack of humanity' Indonesia's foreign ministry has issued a protest against Saudi Arabia for not not
Only 53% of people know who led the British forces in the battle of Waterloo. One in seven believe the French were victorious in the bloody battle in 1815. Young people are more likely to associate the battle with the Abba song than the actual battle. Two-thirds are unaware that June 18th this year is the bicentenary of the battle.
The new map allows astronomers to'stand' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet. The first mosaic, pieced together by the German Aerospace Center (DLR), comprises 1.4 million square miles (2.3 million square km) of the surface. It covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of Mars, parts of the Ares Vallis outflow channel, the chaotic Aram Chaos region as well as the Meridiani Planum and Chryse Planitia plains. Data for this wide-area topography of Mars was acquired by
Arson, vandalism and threats against Jews, synagogues and other Jewish institutions included. In France, the number of anti-Semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 compared with 141 in 2013. Britain registered 141 violent incidents against Jews in 2014, after 95 a year earlier. Four hostages were killed in a Paris kosher supermarket in January this year.
Demand for coloured stones, such as sapphires and rubies, has seen prices soar. Kate Middleton wore a Ceylon sapphire once owned by Princess Diana as her engagement ring. A-list stars Beyoncé, Naomi Watts, Rosamund Pike and Mila Kunis have also played their part. Experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever after all, as the value of the jewels has been vastly overtaken.
Pierre Fulton, Walter Scott's friend of several years, said he does not know why the father-of-four ran from his car when he was pulled over for a broken tail light in North Charleston, South Carolina, on April 4. The two men were heading to Scott's home for a cookout that afternoon. Fulton said he heard the crackle of a Taser and shots fired but did not see Scott get shot. Officer Michael Slager, 33, has been charged with murder and fired from the police department but has yet to enter a plea.
Rachel Simpson, 15, was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition. She has a mutation of the GATA2 gene, which is important in the production of blood cells. The disorder means a sufferer's blood counts might be low, making them more vulnerable to infection. Or, the blood cells might be abnormal, leading to leukaemia. Doctors say the mutation's frequency is less than one in a million - and one member of a family has a 50/50 per cent chance of passing it on. Rest of her family are now waiting on
Amanda Curtis, founder of fashion company Nineteenth Amendment, took the picture at the Glen Cove LIRR station on Long Island early Tuesday morning. The rare formation appears to be formed of two pairs of double rainbows next to each other. It followed a storm night in the tri-state area, which saw New York City buffeted with rain and occasional strokes of lightning.
Pippa Middleton has been slammed for 'promoting cruel and unnecessary whaling industry' The 31-year-old socialite said that she ate whale at the £123-a-night Juvet Landscape Hotel. The Duchess of Cambridge's sister said that the hotel was an 'architectural gem' Environmental campaigners slammed her for setting a 'bad example' for other tourists. Last year 731 minke whales were killed in Norway off the countrys northern coasts.
Ukip leader said he was jealous of how the Tory leader has reversed the greying process while in Downing Street. Mr Farage said he had shaken Mr Camerons hand and complimented him on his appearance Mr Cameron, 48, has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists.
Scotland Yard's Flying Squad released images of three suspects on Saturday. But they refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader because he has already been identified. Criminologist Richard Hoskins has identified'startling similarities' between the Hatton Garden raid and novel Black Echo, by Michael Connelly. The novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed 'The Hole In The Ground Gang' who struck three vaults in LA in 1986 and 1987, and were never caught. In both raids, the gangs bored into vaults using heavy drills, set off an alarm on the Friday that wasn
Robert Bates, 73, accidentally shot dead Eric Harris, 44, during a botched undercover gun-sale operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. He turned himself in to police and was released on $25,000 bond. On Friday, he appeared on the Today show and apologized to the family of Harris, saying: 'I rate this as number one on my list of things in my life that I regret... I still can't believe it happened' He also showed where he keeps his Taser and his gun, and said that it could have happened to anyone.
The £260,000 Ford GT supercar was unveiled at the International Auto Show in Detroit. First models have been shipped to China and will be rolled out across Europe next year. To mark the car's launch, a stunning light sculpture was created in Milan's Piazza de Fidele. The light sculpture walked through the steps of the vehicle's creation to give an insight into its creation.
Girl, who attends school in San Dimas, California, is the target of disturbing posts. They include pictures of her with threatening messages and images of her smiling. One says: 'That smile! I can't wait till its [sic] just blood and tears' Detectives say Instagram is co-operating with their hunt, but it is difficult.
Amanda Lukoff, from Arlington, Virginia, was inspired to create her documentary The R-Word after growing up with her sister Gabrielle, who was born with Down syndrome. The film will explore the history of how the medical term has evolved into a hateful insult. Amanda is currently trying to raise $200,000 for the film on the crowdsourcing website IndieGoGo.
A woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with 'a dildo in each hand' during an altercation outside a Grafton pub. An eye-witnesses said a fight broke out inside Roches Family Hotel late Friday night before it spilled out onto Victoria Road. Grafton Police confirmed they attended the scene however no one made a formal complaint about the woman or her strange choice of weaponry.
Kyle Wittstock, 22, died on Monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door in Yanchep, Perth. The young father posted pictures of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor. Mr Wittstock was taken to Joondalup Hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival. He left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter, who he called his 'little lion cub'
Sean Donohoe, 30, from Wilnecote, Tamworth, plundered the elderly woman's accounts. He spent tens of thousands of pounds on trips to Snowdome and in shops such as Argos. Even persuaded widow to change her will so he could reap the benefits of her life insurance policies. Judge said he abused her trust 'in every conceivable way' and jailed him for 21 months.
Khadijah Dare, 22, was among the first Britons to join the terrorists of Islamic State. She is notorious for threatening to become the first woman to behead a Westerner. Now living in Syria, she has reportedly been widowed and married a Swedish IS terrorist. Her heartbroken mother Victoria has now issued a plea for her daughter to return to the UK. Mrs Dare also reveals her daughter was a devout Christian as a child before turning to Islam. 'She loved church. She had a Bible, she read the Bible. She would sit there and pray,' she said.
The 1991 Ferrari 348, worth between $90k and $110k, smashed into a tree on Wednesday night. A male passenger suffered head and leg injuries after the crash in North Brighton, Adelaide. The car was uninsured and the owner had only purchased it a week ago. Traffic Superintendent Garry Stewart said that speed was likely a factor and there was no evidence of drink-driving.
Murderer Robert Donovan, 57, walked out of Ford Open Prison in Arundel, Sussex, in 2010. It took police four years to find him after he failed to return from day release. Derek Passmore, who beat to death a disabled man in 1996, is still at large after escaping in 2013. Ministry of Justice finally revealed names of 29 missing since 2004 and details of a further ten. They include those who absconded while on temporary release and those who simply walked out.
France has joined Italy and Israel in passing laws banning promotion of extreme thinness. Reforms include fining agencies employing models with a BMI under 18 and criminalising pro-anorexia web content. Some have been hailing the legislation as a 'crackdown on anorexia' But experts say the laws may be unlikely to have any effect on the disorder. Anorexia has the highest mortality rate of any psychiatric illness, mostly due to organ failure and suicide.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily were visiting Manhattan when they were last seen on March 30 near their home in the the wealthy Long Island village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. Iona's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack, and she is believed to have been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children from previous marriages. Her stepson George Costello Jr, 45, was visiting Hamptons Bay, New
A University of Cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory. It suggests temperatures at Earth's equator were -40°C (-40°F) 2.4 billion years ago. The reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood. But it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like Europa and Enceladus. A frozen world, similar to Earth, that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life. And based on this latest 'Snowball Earth', it could suggest there are many more planets that resemble ours.
Almost half of 1,000 British companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight. Among reasons given were that overweight workers 'are unable to play a full role in the business', 'they're lazy', and 'they wouldn't be able to do the job required', research shows. European Court of Justice ruled obesity qualified as a disability in December. But yesterday's ruling does not state what level of obesity would be classed as 'disabled'
Robert Hardy, 89, is auctioning off more than 200 items he has collected over his career. The veteran actor is selling them after deciding to downsize his home in the Cotswolds. Items include a 3D diorama of the Battle of Agincourt and a medieval longbow. He is also selling paintings, furniture, swords, flintlock rifles and crystal chandeliers. A total of 238 lots are being sold by Dominic Winter auctioneers in Gloucestershire.
Ed Miliband said he would 'abolish' non-domicile status if Labour wins election. But it later emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years. Labour aides suggested this would raise as much as £1billion, but it seems the announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital's property market. Ed Mead, executive director of Douglas & Gordon, said there has been a huge increase in valuations.
Dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous. The natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a rapidly developing cultural underside. Art, music and fashion events are near-weekly fixtures on the calendar. Underground fashion scene emerging in the city's industrial area, Al Quoz.
Joshua Van Haften, 34, of Madison, was arrested Wednesday night at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago after returning on a flight from Turkey. He has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization. The criminal complaint, which had been under seal since Oct. 28, alleges that Van Haften talked to people about his plan before leaving the United States in August.
Ministry of Defence 1, also known as Churchills Toyshop, was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by Winston Churchill. He encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board. The panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon, made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle. A hidden detonator used a vial of corrosive copper to dissolve a metal wire, propelling a'striker' down a hollow tube
Lloyd Byfield, 48, pursued a relationship with Leighann Duffy, 26, in Walthamstow. He armed himself with a claw hammer and knife and smashed his way into her flat. Ms Duffy's six-year-old daughter tried to intervene but was also stabbed in the arm and neck. Byfield was sentenced to life with a minimum term of 26-and-a-half years in prison. Judge Nicholas Cooke told him he may never be released from prison for the murder. Also expressed his 'unhappiness' at the failure of authorities to deport him
TrackYourDose app was developed by Germany-based firm esooka. It uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists. The £1.49 ($1.99) iOS app keeps a record of a user's personal radiation. This includes exposure from changes in a person's location and flights. A ten-hour flight across the North Atlantic results in a radiation exposure of between 50 and 100 µSv. By comparison, an X-ray at a dentist exposes patients to 6µSv - depending on the type of radiotherapy.
The Eiffel Tower is the most visited paid-for landmark in the world. The closure will cost Paris tourism almost ¬387,500 (£280,000) in entry fees. Signs were placed at the foot of the tower warning that it was closed due to strike action. It follows action by French air traffic controllers who walked out yesterday. Unions say they expect tens of thousands to join the main rally in Paris.
Visitors to Dornoch are pointed in the direction of the town's local slaughterhouse. The abattoir is in the process of being demolished as it has been derelict for years. Brown signs normally only point to attractions or sites of historic significance. Scots crime writer Ian Rankin tweeted a picture of the sign to his followers.
Emily Reay, 17, is a pupil at Trinity School in Carlisle, Cumbria. She has natural auburn hair but colours it so it is brighter for her A-level exams. Claims she has sported same vibrant ginger hair for the last three years. But on her return to lessons following Easter holidays she claims she was ordered to tone it down. Teachers say she is banned from lessons until she changes her appearance. Talented musician Emily says her hair is her trademark and will return with it pinned up.
Michele Leonhart, who has run the agency since 2007, was expected to resign after telling a House committee last week there was 'no evidence' that sensitive information had been leaked. The White House declined to give embattled Leonhart a vote of confidence today as two news networks reported that she would soon resign. Her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in Colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information. President Barack Obama's top spokesman, Josh Earnest, refused to engage speculation today about Leonhart's employment status.
Mohamed Badie and 13 others found guilty of plotting unrest after Morsi's ouster. 37 people, including an American-Egyptian citizen, were jailed for life on Saturday. Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata also sentenced two Islamists who have fled the country to death. One of them, Mohamed Soltan, has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months.
Glenna Kohl of Barnstable spent years in the sun as a Cape Cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college. She was diagnosed with melanoma just after graduating from a Rhode Island college in 2005. Three years later, at just 26 years old, Glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle. Now, her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young.
The body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor Phil Primmer. The Darwin man, aged just 42, had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died. He was given CPR but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived, reportedly to the gym he owned. His Facebook page has been inundated with heartfelt tributes from people who never met him but were inspired by an Australian body building legend who will never be forgotten
Breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among American women, claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year. Annual mammograms starting at 40 years old have long been considered standard for preventive care, because cancer is easier to treat if detected early. But recently there has been disagreement about regular screening for women in their 40s.
PM said voters were not fully sure about the Tories at the last election. He said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority, before adding: If I fall short of those 23 seats I will feel I have not succeeded' Cameron made the remarks in an interview with the BBCs Evan Davis in the second of a series of special election interviews.
Soldiers were found in a farmer's field in Comines-Warneton, near Le Touquet, Belgium, in 2008 and 2010. It is thought they had been given a field burial after they were killed in October 1914, near the city of Ypres. Their graves will be labelled 'Known Unto God' - a description on headstones of all unknown soldiers, chosen by Rudyard Kipling. Two served with The King's Own Lancaster Regiment and two with The Lancashire Fusiliers.
Lorenzo Simon, 34, stabbed Michael Spalding, 39, in the neck at their Birmingham flat. He then hacked the handyman up and stuffed his body parts into two suitcases. Simon and his girlfriend Michelle Bird, 35, then dumped the body parts in a canal. Today he was found guilty of murder after a jury took 15 hours to decide by unanimous verdict. Bird was cleared of murder and manslaughter but admitted assisting an offender.
Oshun Café will serve four types of acai berry bowls for £6 a bowl. The acaí berry is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the Amazon rainforest. Due to their high level of antioxidants the berries are considered a superfood. Melt Room, which only serves toasties - or'melts' - will open in Soho, London in May.
Kenneth Ward, 67, was jailed for five years in 2011 for exposing himself to Mandy Dunford. He admitted 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences at Teesside Crown Court. Miss Dunford, 54, was followed around her farm naked apart from socks and boots. Ward was also banned from being within 200 metres of Miss Dunford for nine years. However, he has now been released from prison and is allowed to return to his home. As a result, she said she feels forced to leave her home in Chop Gate, North Yorkshire.
Russian president Vladimir Putin said Russia has key interests in common with the United States and needs to work with it on a common agenda. Relations between Moscow and Washington, and other. Western powers, have soured over the conflict in Russia's. neighboring Ukraine, sinking to an all-time low. Putin appeared to soften his anti-American rhetoric after being highly critical.
Francis Pusok, 30, fled from San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies on Thursday after they showed up at his home to arrest him on identity theft charges. He led cops on a two-and-a-half hour chase, part of it on horseback, before they shot him with a taser and he fell to the ground. Pusok says he was handcuffed for '99 per cent' of the beating and that near the end of the ordeal a deputy whispered in his ear 'this isn't over' He was released from jail on Sunday night and a court hearing has been
Fruit juices made from superfoods often contain more sugar than a can of cola. Some brands contain more than a day's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving. Local Government Association said soft drink firms are 'dragging their heels' on sugar reduction. Children under ten get almost a fifth of their sugar intake from soft drinks. Ocean Spray Cranberry Classic has 11g of sugar per 100ml, while PomeGreat 'Super Juice' has 12.1g.
Timothy Eli Thompson was born premature on March 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities. His mother, Brandi McGlathery, said Facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote his story. The story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints. Doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in Eli's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older.
Nasa scientists in California have released new images of Ceres. They were taken by the Dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles (33,000km) The spacecraft is beginning to move closer and closer to the dwarf planet. And it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots. But the images have not yet revealed what the mystery bright spots on the surface of the world are, which have gripped the attention of scientists and the public alike. Ceres is 590 miles (950 km) across and was discovered in 1801. It
Gemma Redhead, 33, was raped at knifepoint by her former partner Philip Kirby. She was left with post traumatic stress disorder after the attack by the 32-year-old. Kirby was jailed for eight years for the attack in 2011 and handed a restraining order. He was released after three years and had served half his sentence when he phoned her. Miss Redhead said the 46-second call reawakened all of the fear and terror of the attack She said: As soon as I heard his voice I realised
Rosemary Taylor made remark to photographer Nelson Jones at Cherry Blossom Festival. She 'approached him and models Dominique Jackson, 18, and Khamlee Vongvone, 19, at event' She reportedly told him: 'This is not the image I want for the city of Brookhaven' Girls' mouths 'dropped and they and Mr Jones were asked to leave event by city official, it is reported. Ms Taylor has been fired by City of Brookhaven for exhibiting 'conduct unbecoming of a city employee' But she has released her own statement, in which she
Scientists reviewed 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world. Most men fall within just a couple of centimetres of each other when erect. Men who exercise the most (18 hours a week) had the highest sexual functioning scores. Great sex does not depend on a big penis.
Ed Miliband's cousin Mike Keen says he is 'officially confused' over Labour's policy. Labour leader said he would 'abolish' 200-year-old rule for non-domicile status. But in January Ed Balls said it would cost the country money if abolished. Mr Keen asked friends on Facebook: 'Can someone explain this to me please, I am now officially confused'
Turia Pitt suffered burns to 64 per cent of her body during a September 2011 ultramarathon in the Kimberley, Western Australia. She watched as a team of surgeons from the Australian charity, Interplast, worked to save the sight of little baby Seng, from Laos. 'If I was from Laos or Bangladesh, no ifs or buts, 100 per cent I would have died,' she said. Turia will host a fundraising gala on Thursday to raise funds for the same charity that saved Seng's sight. Powered by a fierce determination to prove herself,
Robert Bates, 73, appeared in Tulsa court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, who was killed during a botched gun-sales sting on April 2. The judge said that Bates, who is out on $25,000 bond, is allowed to take a month-long vacation to the Bahamas despite the charges. Harris' family slammed the decision in a statement released by their lawyer. 'Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life,' they
Lily James, British star of Disneys new blockbuster Cinderella, has worn more than £300,000 worth of frocks, shoes and jewellery designed by glitziest names in fashion. From £3,000 Jimmy Choo shoes to a £35,000 gown and a £40,000 necklace, Claudia Connell and Eliza Scarborough reveal how Downton Abbey star Lily's very special wardrobe would be a stretch.
Elite troops were called in from Nairobi to Garissa to aid in the pre-dawn attack. But they did not arrive at the scene until just before 2pm, local media claims. Government representatives have defended the response time, comparing it to being a goalkeeper as 'they only remember the one you missed' One of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a Kenyan government official.
Socialist MP Guillaume Garot has put forward 36 proposals to tackle food waste. Diners have previously seen doggy bags as 'embarrassing' and 'degrading' Throwing away still-edible food costs the average French household ¬400 (£285) a year. A UN report found 1.3 billion tons of food wasted globally each year.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry, 28, has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera berating a parking lot attendant. She told Gina Michelle, a mother-of-three, she should 'lose some weight' and 'I'm on television and you're in a f---ing trailer, honey' McHenry is a self-professed champion of women's rights and says she is 'taking a stand' against'sexist' commercials that focus on 'appearance alone' She has also written a blog post lamenting the pressure put on women to appear a
Ava Gardner called 34 Ennismore Gardens her 'little London retreat' and now a slice of it could be yours for £10,500 per week. The Hollywood siren called the building, just a short walk from Harrods in London's exclusive Knightsbridge, home until her death in 1990. Spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms, a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen.
Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens released its trailer on Thursday to a packed audience at California's Anaheim Convention Center. The space epic is already being predicted to rake in a global $500m on its opening weekend. That's more than the $483m record set by the final Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows  Part 2 - in 2011. Box-office analyst Phil Contrino told the Hollywood Reporter that the film could make over $2 billion.
A California homeowner's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars, two men and one woman, who broke into their Los Angeles home mid-afternoon on March 2. The burglars get into the house through the kitchen, peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home. Then one suspect returns and stares directly into the camera and realizes he's being filmed. He ducks and then hits the camera over, but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face. A 5ft safe and a number of firearms were stolen from the
Margaret Penny and Claire Acocks were brutally murdered at a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. Margaret's husband Robert Denny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder. Penny was remanded in custody to appear in the Melbourne Magistrates Court for a committal mention on July 6. He is expected to apply for bail in the Supreme Court on Monday afternoon.
Robert Durst pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a new charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction. Durst was arrested last month in New Orleans, Louisiana on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend Susan Berman. He also faces a murder charge in California and two state weapons charges in Louisiana. His lawyers say those convictions don't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under Louisiana law. A trial date has been set for June 22 and Durst is being held without bail in a state prison.
Prime Minister visited Bristol and Poole in Dorset and sunny Bristol. He read a speech and said there was a moral case for the Tories economic policies. The day was hailed as Money Back Monday because it was the start of the financial year and the more generous tax allowances for the low-paid.
Timothy Rogalski, from Wallingford, Connecticut, called the school on Tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone. The fifth time he called, he spoke to an administrative assistant. In the calls, the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the December 14, 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead. He also said the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2014 were fake, police said. Authorities traced the calls back to his home and he was arrested. 'I don't think I said anything that horrible,' he said at a court appearance on
Sellers are wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000, study finds. Buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices, it is claimed. Average sale prices are about £207,000 in the UK, but advertised asking prices are typically £74k higher at £281k.
Seven of Slager's fellow officers responded to his call for back-up after the shooting. But the fact that the victim's wounds were to the back does not feature in their accounts. Officers also told an internal report that they gave Scott CPR, but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body. Slager's former attorney had claimed that the officer fired on Scott during a struggle for his Taser and had felt threatened. There are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers' version of events in an internal incident report and what witness video shows.
Iona Costello, 51, and her daughter Emily, 14, were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair, who often went into the city for theater and art museums, left no other trace of their whereabouts. Relatives of the family, who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. Police say they do not expect foul play and have no hard evidence suggesting that the mother and daughter may be in danger.
Helen Dunn, 78, from Stourbridge, West Midlands, was 17 years old at the time. Posed seductively on the cover of a raunchy lads' mag, Span, in 1955. Mother-of-two and grandmother made her own outfit for the shoot, including the fur muff. She went on to marry Manchester United footballer Alan Dunn three years later.
Problem was set for 14-year-olds in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad. It asked: 'So when is Cheryls birthday?' Cheryl gives Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible dates for her to choose from. She then tells each of them separately the month and day of her birthday. At first, it appears impossible to answer without more information. But a series of logical steps can be used to rule out nine of the dates. This leaves just three dates to chose from - July 16, Aug 15 and Aug 17. Organisers
Property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017. Goldman Sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates, high death rates and falling net migration. This is significantly lower than widely-used Australian Bureau of Statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent. Sydney will be one of the only markets not to be hit by an oversupply of housing. The report predicts that Australia's population will be 530,000 smaller ABS
Suzy Howlett, 54, specialises in teaching foreign-born children English. Husband and wife team Derek Tanswell and Sharon Snook embarrassed over spelling, punctuation and grammar. She wrote: 'I think you mean borders, not residents of a school or guest house' Ukip candidates defected to Nigel Farage's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected. But they claim it is a dirty tricks campaign to scupper their election hopes and have called in police.
Odds on second royal baby being called Sam have been slashed by bookmakers. Follows success of Sam Waley-Cohen, the Duchess of Cambridge's close friend. The 33-year-old part-time jockey helped the couple rekindle their romance in 2007. Ladbrokes have slashed odds on the name Sam from 66/1 to 20/1 in recent days. Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth later this month, with a due date of April 25.
Labour leader visited Praise House Community Church in Croydon today. He bowed his head while church leaders 'put their hands forward towards Ed' Last year Mr Miliband described himself as a 'Jewish atheist' All party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes.
Charlie Kwentus, 42, from Webster Groves, Missouri, was granted his dying wish by the Annie's Hope Bereavement Center for Kids. The charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day, with black tie makeovers and a limousine included. Tear-jerking footage from the special event shows him dancing with his daughters Maren, nine, and Zoe, 13, before stopping to give a heartfelt speech.
Prime Minister announces plans to give millions of workers three days paid leave a year. Workers will get paid in addition to their 28 days of paid holiday under new policy. Volunteers will be able to take the time to volunteer or serve as a school governor. But business leaders have criticised the move as 'heavy-handed government intervention' The policy will only apply to workers at firms with 250 or more staff, not in the public sector.
Keith Boudreau, 42, of Quincy was pronounced dead on Friday morning following the March 23 attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on. Boudreau was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries following the attack and was removed from life support on Monday. Paul Fahey, 43, allegedly beat the father of two for just staring in his direction during the 'unprovoked attack', according to court documents. On Wednesday, Fahey was arraigned on assault and battery charges, and pleaded not guilty. However, the Norfolk District Attorney's office said Friday following B
Peter Schweizer's new book Clinton Cash claims there is a clear trend of money flowing into the controversial Clinton Foundation and rewards emerging for donors. Says Clinton shaped State Department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation. Clinton allies have characterized the book as simply the latest in a series of 'absurd conspiracy theories' designed to derail Clinton's 2016 campaign.
Latika Bourke was adopted from India along with two of her siblings. She never considered looking into her origins until she watched the movie Slumdog Millionaire. The film led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage in the slums of India. On her first visit to India she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby. It took Latika another three years to make it to India in 2012 and she has been every year since.
Stormy weather system, formed in the Tasman Sea, hasn't hit NSW this strong since 2007 and is expected to be one of the longest lasting ever. East Coast Lows are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage buildings, fell trees and powerlines. They can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain, causing flash flooding and riverine flooding. On Monday night 24 Sydney suburbs incurred 100mm of rainfall, with Blacktown hit hardest. An estimated 100,000 homes are without power on Tuesday morning across Sydney, the Central Coast and Hunter region. Ferry
Xiao Ying, 17, dumped her newborn child in a factory toilet after giving birth. She then went back to work on a shoe production line in Wenzhou City. The baby boy was found in the female toilets of the factory by a cleaner. Ying said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant. Her father has now said they will not raise her child, saying: 'My daughter isn't married. We cannot keep this baby'
Flow VR provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft. This can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear, which can lead to travel sickness. The system, designed by in-flight entertainment company Flow IFE, can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination. Qantas is the first airline to introduce virtual reality headsets to its passengers earlier this year.
Patrick Randall was 16 in May 1990 when he held a knife to Gregory Smart's throat as his friend Billy Flynn, shot him in the head. Flynn was Pamela Smart's then-16-year-old lover and shot her husband dead at her request. Now 41, Randall won parole Thursday at his first hearing - he won't be released until after June 4. Pamela Smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder.
Residents say they were hit by 'peculiar' power cuts the weekend before the heist. They also claim to have heard 'drilling' noises on Good Friday, but thought it was road work. It has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery to steal more loot. Scotland Yard admitted last week that an alarm first went off at the scene after midnight. But it was graded as 'no police response was deemed to be required' Former bank robber Noel 'Razor' Smith believes the group made an unplanned return to the scene when they realised their
Officer John Moynihan, 34, was released from the hospital Friday after weeks of recovery. The video shows how Angelo West, 41, immediately jumps out of the car and shoots Officer John. Moynihan under the eye at close range after the policeman opens the driver-side door. West then fires at the other officers as he runs across the busy street. Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said it was important to release the video to show the community exactly what happened - and why.
Robin Ellis, 73, was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999, aged 58. His mother died aged 67 of a heart attack brought on by 30 years of type 1 diabetes. He was struck by Michel Montignac's book, Dine Out And Lose Weight, which advocates giving up white (refined) carbohydrates rather than counting calories.
Trees have been wheeled into Dunblane Cathedral ahead of Saturday's nuptials. Decoration was first seen at the royal wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. Wedding planners for the couple have been seen carrying trees into the cathedral. Local shops and shop owners are preparing their shop fronts for the big day. Messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows.
Kealeigh-Anne Woolley was just seven months old when she was shaken. She was left blind, unable to talk and severely brain damaged. Spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube. Colin Heath, now 43, admitted manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court. Judge said caring for Kealeigh had a profound effect on those who loved her.
Unidentified male concert-goer was photographed at Coachella wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words 'Eat Sleep Rape Repeat' The distasteful choice of words are thought to be a play on the Fatboy Slim song Eat Sleep Rave Repeat, which was released in 2013. The photo was shared on Twitter by Jemayel Khawaja, the managing editor of Vice's music and culture channel Thump. If you know who the man is, email DailyMail.co.uk.
Jonathan Leblanc, the companys top developer, said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers. He said technology had become so advanced that it allowed true integration with the human body The next wave of passwords will be edible, ingestible or injectable. This will remove the need for what he called antiquated ways of confirming your identity, such as fingerprint scanning.
Lisa Morgan, 40, set up Top of the World Roofing site for ex boyfriend Sean Meade, 45. But she became suspicious when he started staying out all night and not returning home. She checked his phone bill and found calls to another woman - and his estranged wife. Visitors to the site are told it has 'ceased trading at present' as he is 'cheating yet again' Mr Meade told MailOnline: 'She's trying to ruin someone's life. If that's what someone wants to do, I will carry on'
Conrad Clitheroe, 54, is in a cell with Gary Cooper and Neil Munro in Abu Dhabi. They were arrested in February at Fujairah Airport over claims they were a 'threat to national security' Judge has since extended their custody licence, which will be up on April 12. Mr ClitHeroe's wife Valerie says he has now run out of a blood pressure medication. She claims guards 'don't care' about her husband's serious heart condition.
Craig Hicks, 46, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the February 10 killings of Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, his wife, 21-year-old Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha; and her sister, Razan Mohammad Abu Salha, 19. Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that Hicks is 'death penalty qualified' The victims' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were Muslims.
Psychologists from Goldsmiths University of London, and Ohio State University in the US studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries. They found that 40 to 50 per cent of the differences in childrens motivation to learn could be explained by their genetic inheritance from their parents. Genetic and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on motivation. The shared environment had negligible impact on motivation, they said.
Exam board officials yesterday unveiled a draft syllabus for 14 to 16-year-olds. Some students will be asked to study a review of a gritty 15-rated foreign film. Others will look at Spanish tweets on the Olympic Games. Proposals aim to rid classrooms of tired phrases which some pupils see as outdated.
Chris Ball made the final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life. The 21-year-old told them not to blame themselves and that there was nothing they could have done to stop him. His family have shared the video to raise awareness of the crippling disease, which takes the lives of more young Australians than car accidents and skin cancer. Chris had been suffering from depression for the past two and a half years and had spent two weeks in hospital after making an attempt on his life.
A 2.5m bronze whaler shark swam into Papamoa Beach in New Zealand. Onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish, but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the fish. Children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around. Shark sightings have become commonplace around the New Zealand coastline this summer.
McDonnell and her husband, former Gov. Bob McDonnell, were convicted in a joint trial in September of accepting more than $165,000 in gifts and loans from former Star Scientific Inc. CEO Jonnie Williams. Among the gifts were almost $20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for Maureen McDonnell, vacations, golf outings and $15,000 for a daughter's wedding. Bob McDonnell was sentenced in February to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day, but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals. Maureen McDonnell's legal team argued that her trial was
Ralph Cramer, 70, and his wife, Lynn, 59, were returning home from the Creekside Café in Mount Joy at about 9 p.m. on Sunday when the accident occurred. First responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries suffered in the crash. Manheim Borough Police Chief Joseph Stauffer told Lancaster Online that the vehicle left the road, flipped over and landed upside-down in a ditch.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, married Michelle Agbulos in West Sussex in 2008. But while they were trying for a baby, he started an affair with another woman. He married Philippa Campbell, 30, in Chiddingfold, Surrey, in August 2013. To avoid detection, he told Michelle he had been placed in witness protection. The bigamist has been jailed for eight months at Chichester Crown Court.
Samantha, 44, says Dove's campaign exploits women's need to act modestly. Says women would rather strut out in public as naked as the day they were born than freely admit that they're beautiful. Claims society won't let us admit that we're beautiful - it's the very members of our own sex who hold us back.
Scientists at Sheffield University have identified six different types of obese person. The distinction, they hope, will allow for tailor-made treatments to help different obese people combat their weight. Researchers analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity. They found obese people fall into one of six categories:. 'Heavy drinking males', 'younger healthy females' and 'physically sick but happy elderly'
Several DEA agents were taking part in these parties in Bogota as early as 2001, said a summary of a DEA report released by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. The hearing came on the heels of a separate, March 26 report by the Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General that described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008. After investigation, seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days.
The 47-year-old driver with a concealed carry permit shot Everardo Custodio, 22, multiple times in the legs and lower back. Custodio had opened fire on a group of pedestrians in Logan Square, Chicago, about 11.50pm Friday. The driver, who has a firearm owners identification card, acted in self-defense and the defense of others.
Dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-Burmese nationals being identified. Vast majority said they were desperate to leave island village of Benjina. Those who said they wanted to stay did so because they were owed years of back pay from their bosses. Last week, Indonesian authorities rescued 330 migrants from island. They are now being sheltered by the government.
Tony Lopez Lozano, 35, was charged with the August 2013 murder of his boyfriend, Brian Romo, after fatally stabbing Romo in the heart following an argument at their Oregon City home. Lozano pleaded guilty to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal and, on Monday, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison. The victim's mother, Kathleen Tapia, said at the sentencing: 'I don't forgive you, and I never will'
Chief executive George Whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready. He said it could begin test flights by the end of this year. Its predecessor was destroyed in the Mojave Desert on 31 October 2014. Co-pilot Michael Alsbury was killed and pilot Peter Siebold was injured. Mr Whitesides said the company is planning to use lessons learned from the crash to ensure that new spacecraft works 'better' The first SpaceShipTwo flight will be by Richard Branson and his family.
Researchers in North Carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent. They tested their theory using a 10-Hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain's natural alpha wave oscillations. These oscillations - or the lack of them - are linked with depression.
Police have returned to the home of Bill Spedding for the third time this year. The 63-year-old is a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. Detectives spent just over an hour at the repairman's house in Bonny Hills on the NSW north coast on Monday afternoon. His home had been searched earlier in the year, in January and March, after it was unveiled that he was due to fix William's grandmother's washing machine around the time the boy vanished.
Sarah Fox, 27, and her mother Bernadette, 57, were found dead in Bootle, Merseyside. Sarah's body was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her mother's. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police have issued a photograph of Peter Fox, the brother and son of the women. They say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection to the deaths. Family of the two women have said they are 'absolutely devastated' at their loss.
Cathryn Parker, 72, has been living as 74 different people, mainly Hollywood production staffers. Police stopped her for a traffic violation and discovered she was leasing a house under another false name. She was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in Hawaii after she used a corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets and then sold the tickets privately for $500 apiece. As of Friday, she was in federal custody in Northern California.
Dermatologist warns sunbed users could be putting themselves at risk of herpes. Herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact. Bacteria that lies on a person's skin can easily be transferred to a sunbed when lying down. When a person sweats, it provides a breeding ground for bacteria or viruses. It is then possible for the infection to transfer to another sunbed user, entering the body via a small cut.
A dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera. The footage, which was taken last Monday in Forrestville in northern Sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an AC & S truck tailgating, yelling and flashing his lights aggressively, nearly crashing into the back of a small Subaru car. Friends Cameron Rose and Bo Honna were the occupants of the Subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication. After Mr Rose put his arm out the window in a gesture to show the  truck driver that he was not happy
Jesse and Melissa Meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme song from '90s television sitcom 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' The clip, which features Jesse and Melissa rapping as they drive in a car, has been viewed over 1.7 million times on YouTube. The original song for the popular NBC sitcom, sung by star Will Smith, details how his character grew up in West Philadelphia.
Disturbing footage has emerged of three young people threatening another driver. A red ute with P-plates cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection. The driver appears frustrated with the slow traffic and attempts to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road. Three young people get out of the vehicle and confront the driver at a red light. One woman pulls a dagger out of her side and stabs the bonnet of the car. Police are now investigating the woman who was armed with a weapon.
Sue Sim came to national prominence five years ago as police face of Raoul Moat manhunt. She has now announced her retirement from Northumbria Police after 30 years of service. Ms Sim is being investigated by her Police and Crime Commissioner's office for alleged misconduct. Her style has been compared to her predecessor Sir John Stevens, who delivered what have been described as legendary 'b******' to officers.
Aydian Ethan Dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the publication's annual Ultimate Guy Search. He would follow Iraq war veteran and amputee Noah Galloway, who clinched the top spot last year. The competition aims to find a man 'who possesses all of the qualities that make up today's well-rounded, active, health-conscious and thoughtful guy'
Premier League stars including Steven Gerrard, Theo Walcott and Phil Jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an Adidas sale on Twitter. Manchester City's David Silva and Everton's Phil Jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods. This comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning Twitter into an advertising platform. Guidance from Advertising Standards Authority states sponsored tweet should be obviously identifiable.
Muslim man who was racially abused on a Sydney train thanks 'legend' woman who stood up for them. Stacey Eden, 23, recorded the attack on her mobile phone and defended the Muslim couple. Hafeez Ahmed Bhatti said he was shocked by the ugly incident on Wednesday. Ms Eden recorded a fiery spray at the middle-aged woman who was berating the couple for wearing a black headscarf. She said: 'What's that got to do with this poor lady?' Police are urging anyone who witnessed the attack to come forward.
Christine Lagarde, Leanne Wood and Samantha Cameron are fans of hot pink. Topshop, Next, H&M and Marks & Spencer are all featuring pink in their spring collections. Sudden rise in use said to be down to the way that the colour is perceived. Used to be a girly colour but now considered appropriate for business meetings.
Shezoy Bleary, 22, allegedly attacked 31-year-old Chris Copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a Chelsea nightclub after an argument escalated into violence around 4am. Copeland, a former player for the New York Knicks, was slashed in the elbow and abdomen and underwent surgery to repair the wounds on Wednesday. His wife, Katrine Saltara, 28, was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular New York club 1 OAK. A video shared with TMZ shows the victims on the sidewalk as they are attended to by
The 34-year-old reality TV star said she is creating an 'archive' of her most memorable designer outfits, which she stores in clear plastic bags. Kim named her Givenchy wedding dress as the 'prize piece' in her collection. The 22-month-old often asks for her 'purse' after she has a bath because she wants to grab her mom's make-up bag inside.
John Tuite, 22, and Carlos Santolalla, 25, are the first openly gay couple to be signed together to a modeling agency. The pair, who go by the portmanteau Jarlos, have starred in a campaign together for DKNY and posed for big brands like Edun and DSquared2.
Kim Hill, 31, was abused by her step-father from the age of four. Derek Osborne made her dress up in her mother's lingerie and watch porn. Kim was too scared to tell anyone about the abuse and bottled up the memories. Her fiancé Rob, 34, asked her if she had been abused ahead of their wedding. His question prompted Kim to reveal what had happened to her. The revelation led to Derek Osborne being jailed for 20 years. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click
Swiss researchers measured the temperature of 'Hot Jupiter' HD 189733b. They found the temperature reaches up to 3,000°C in the atmosphere. And wind speeds are in excess of 620 miles per hour. Findings were made using a novel technique relying on sodium signals. The technique works by measuring the sodium signal from distant worlds.  Depending on how weak or strong the signal is, it is possible to work out how hot the planet is. Lower down on the planet, temperatures are believed to drop to a still-scorching 1,700°C
Nasa scientists in California have revealed new images of the dwarf planet Ceres. They reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater. However, scientists are still not able to explain what they are. Several theories currently exist for what they might be, with the favoured being salt flats or ice - both reflecting sunlight. Dawn will begin its first science orbit around Ceres on 23 April.
Poundland has become Europe's largest single-price discount retailer. Total revenue over the 12-month period grew 11.8 per cent to £1.1bn. Profits are expected to be around £44million as the firm reaps rewards from its 547 UK stores and 41 shops in Ireland. Firm was founded by entrepreneur Steve Smith in 1990.
Jason Edward Harrington worked with government agency for six years. Claims groping is a 'daily occurrence' at security checkpoints across the U.S. Says screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them. Also alleged body scanners are 'practically useless' and cause unnecessary pat-downs. His comments follow revelations two TSA workers were fired for manipulating body scanners. Screener used touchscreen system to categorize passenger falsely as a female. This caused machine to trigger a pat-down of the passenger, police report said.
Matthew Whelan, 35, from Birmingham, has spent £40,000 on tattoos and body modifications. He says his unusual looks have made it difficult for him to find work. Mr Body Art, who goes by the name King of Inkland King Body Art The Extreme Ink-ite, is planning to set up his own business. 'I've got pirates on me, aliens on me and I've got a blue penis. My penis is blue,' he says.
The test was carried out by Cardiff-based iPhone repairs specialist iPhoneFixed.co.uk. It used a sapphire glass screen from a 38mm Apple Watch for its experiment. The screen was rubbed against a stone wall and keyed, before being scratched It also withstood being rubbed with abrasive sandpaper at some force and hit by a hammer. Sapphire glass is said to be twice as tough as normal glass and almost as hard as a diamond. Apple already uses the crystal in the Touch ID fingerprint scanner on the iPhone 5S and 6
According to Nielsen ratings, ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending April 3. NBC's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to September 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor Brian Williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers. In Williams' continued absence, well-liked veteran Lester Holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at NBC.
Annegret Raunigk, from Berlin, is already a mother of 13. She decided to expand her family after her youngest child said: 'I want to have a little brother or sister' Sue Tollefsen, from Essex, gave birth to her only child, Freya, in 2008 when she was 57. Now aged 64, she said she never intended to leave parenthood so late.
Gang of at least three people poured gasoline on a car that stopped to fill up at a gas station early on Saturday morning and set it on fire. The driver of the car, who has not been identified, said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 Station in South Los Angeles. Group covered his white Dodge Charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside. Los Angeles County Fire Department is investigating the incident as an arson and the suspects remain at large.
More than £1.5billion worth of unwanted online shopping items piling up in wardrobes. Four in ten Britons have an average £77 of this stuff lying around because they have not got around to returning it because the task is too inconvenient and lengthy. 43 per cent said they could not be bothered and 39 per cent did not think the value warranted the effort. More than a third of adults have purchased items that they then don't want, but haven't returned.
Carey Mulligan's grandmother Margaret Booth was diagnosed with Alzheimer's. The actress, 29, realised something was wrong when she struggled to use her knife and fork. She said there is a'shame or humour' attached to the illness, which affects 850,000 in the UK. Mulligan is a patron of the Alzheimer's Society and said her gran hasn't recognised her in at least five years.
Dashcam footage shows the officers using their patrol vehicles to steer the one ton bison off the road and back to his farm near the city of Round Rock. As they beep their horns the animal, named Big Boy, continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car. Despite the detour, the buffalo made it home safely free of injury. His owner, 79-year-old Joe Don Kotrla-Chipps, said that Big Boy has got into bad habits recently and has taken to jumping over his fence.
Gary Barlow's musical Finding Neverland had its Broadway premiere on Wednesday. Jason Orange shocked fans when he quit Take That last September. But Gary says he'll be cheering on his former bandmates on their new tour. Says he hopes Louis Walsh doesn't leave X Factor. Believes Niall Horan, Harry Styles and Liam Payne will come out stronger than Zayn Malik.
The Maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years. The sea is cerulean blue, the sand as soft as flour and the air is so clear it feels like there might be a fourth dimension. With miles of sea to play in, you can swim, snorkel, canoe, scuba dive and sail. There is also a high-tech games room where you can learn or practice golf, shooting, tennis.
Truck drivers in Victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs, using secretive codes over their radio systems. 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on Victoria's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice. Inspector Bernie Rankin, head of Victoria Police's transport investigations unit, said these flippant drivers were treating other motorists like roadkill and are risking everyone's lives. The news comes after a worrying video has appeared online in February exposing a truck driver snorting drugs  before taking to
Lindex is selling limited-edition #superrolemodel T-shirts to raise money for Christy's charity, Every Mother Counts. German model Toni Garrn and Ethiopia-born Liya Kebede also chosen for campaign. Christy, 46, runs marathons to raise awareness of maternal deaths. Says 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in developing world are preventable.
Cle 'Bone' Sloan told police Suge Knight growled 'I'll kill you' before 'everything went black' Police say that was the moment before Knight allegedly killed Terry Carter. Carter was killed in a parking lot in Compton, California, on January 18. Suge Knight has pleaded not guilty to murder and attempted murder charges. Los Angeles Superior Court was shown footage of the deadly incident for the first time.
Czech immigrants were trafficked into UK by Roma family on promise of 'better life' Worked in dog food factories, food plants and car washes in Plymouth, Devon. Made to give over all their wages, urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter. Five family members are on trial for people trafficking at Plymouth Crown Court. Ruzena Tancosova, 34, brother Petr, cousin Martin, Nela Dzurkova, 26, and Katerina Kurejova, 35, all deny charges.
The government has approved funding for Cambridgeshire-based Mole Solutions to develop the idea. The plan aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines carrying goods in capsules to edge of town consolidation centres. Driverless capsules would be propelled by a magnetic wave produced by linear induction motors. A track has already been constructed in Northampton to test the concept with data being collected on commercial and environmental influences.
Zeynab Daghastani, 13, was reportedly gunned down by ISIS snipers in Damascus. She was reportedly trying to flee the militant-held Al-Yarmouk Camp on Tuesday. Aid worker claims she was shot dead as she made her way to nearby Yalda neighbourhood. Around 18,000 Palestinians have been trapped in Yarmouk since ISIS took over the camp. More than 200 people have been killed in seven days since militants took control of the area.
Former Royal chef Darren McGrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food. Mr McGrady is the former chef to The Queen and Princess Diana and spent a total of 15 years cooking for them at Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace. He said he was'more scared of the nanny than I was of William' so obeyed her rather than the third in line to the throne. William and Harry would eat the same food as adults only it would often be diced or pureed.
Families in the UK are more indebted than those in many other major developed nations. UK was singled out as having a problem with household debt, along with Portugal. Britain lumped together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding. Findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile.
Len McCluskey and his union are a potent, sinister force in British politics. They want to use their financial and organisational muscle to drag Britain back to the dark days of the 1970s. The sheer scale of the influence Unite holds on scores of Labour candidates is chilling. McCluskey wants to make Labour bolder,'more radical, courageous and brave'
Norma Esparza, 40, testified Thursday at the murder trial of her ex-boyfriend, Gianni Van, 45, who is charged with killing Gonzalo Ramirez in 1995. Prosecutors say Van and friends kidnapped Ramirez and beat him to death with a meat cleaver before dumping his body on the side of a California road. Esparza says Van intimidated her into pointing out Ramirez at the bar where she met him. Van's lawyer said his client had no role in the murder and knew nothing of any plans to kidnap or kill Ramirez.
Holly Beard, 24, and Steve Hancock, 27, from Adderley Green, Staffordshire, tipped the scales at over 41st between them when they set a date for their big day in January last year. Holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat. She has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months.
Jodie Bredo, 26, has been a professional Kate lookalike for the past six years. She often does jobs with Prince William but says she fancies Prince Harry more than William. 'I know Im seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun,' she said. The Essex resident is single after splitting from her boyfriend and is not thinking about babies.
Honest allows users to pose questions, remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users. Personal dilemmas range from relationship questions such as 'I'm getting married next week and I'm having doubts, is that normal?' to questions about sexual dysfunction and secret crushes. One user asks: 'My long term girlfriend is bad in bed...shall I tell her?' 'Just no. She'll work it out?' reads one response.
Aidan Fraley, 16, says Robert Bates'should have been in a retirement home, not out there on the scene killing my dad' Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris on April 2. The Tulsa County volunteer deputy has disputed a Tulsa World report that sheriff's office supervisors were ordered to falsify his training records. Defense attorneys released some of Bates' training records Saturday for a 73-year-old volunteer sheriff's deputy charged with manslaughter.
Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe. It is the second time Sterling has been pictured with a pipe in the past few days. The 20-year-old is currently in a contract stand-off with Liverpool. Liverpool have refused to comment on the latest pictures. Shisha pipes are used to smoke fruit-flavoured tobacco which is burned on hot coals.
The 23-year-old Serbian-born model is the new face of Make Up For Ever. She underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year and took to the runway for the first time as a woman during designer Giles Deacon's Autumn/Winter 2015 show in February.
The marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of Sharp Park State Beach in Pacifica on Tuesday. It is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the North Coast of California in over the 40 years. Officials say it's not immediately clear would be done with the decomposing carcass after the examination. People have been spotted photographing the animal and even stopping to touch it.
Joel Burger and Ashley King accepted the company's payment proposal on Monday. BK will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags, Mason Jars and Burger King crowns for the event. The couple has been known as Burger-King since they were in the fifth grade together, in New Berlin, Illinois.
US scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that doesn't pollute the environment like fossil fuels. Breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor. Eco-friendly hydrogen cars, which are already a reality, emit only water, but the gas is expensive and is not easy to store.
The Department of Veteran Affairs has received 384 applications to use the word Anzac. Out of these applications, 80 per cent have been approved to use it for commercial purposes. Forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons, including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate. The term Anzac stands for the Australian and New Zealand Army Corp. Church of Scientology, Woolworths, Teespring, Zazzle and Redbubble were reprimanded for using the word.
ComRes survey of 4,000 undecided voters found majority more impressed with Cameron than Miliband. Separate poll of marginal seats by Lord Ashcroft suggests Ukip's vote is being squeezed. It also suggests Education Secretary Nicky Morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in Loughborough. Poll also shows politicians have yet to shift many undecided voters.
Lisa McElroy, 50, who teaches legal writing at Drexel University, reportedly sent the inappropriate message on March 31 under the subject line: 'Great article on writing briefs' When recipients opened the enclosed link, philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' Following a number of complaints, the college issued an apology to students.
Gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 rare birds into sacks and containers. They dumped them on floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows. Birds were jammed into drawers, squeezed to death and even chased by a dog, court heard. Three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month.
Dashcam footage shows police in the borough of Kinnelon race to the incident just after 6 p.m. on Thursday following a tip-off about someone driving erratically in the local area. When officers Mark Ehrenberg and Ricky Ferriola arrived on scene, smoke was already coming out of the woman's white 2006 Toyota Solara convertible, which had been turned upside down. It took two minutes for the cops to cut the woman from her seat belt and pull her limp body from the wreckage. About 30 seconds later the flames are visible, and one of the officers can be heard trying to revive
The world's largest cattle station is for sale and it's bigger than Israel. Anna Creek Station in South Australia covers an enormous 23,000 square kilometres. The eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 sq km and are being sold by the family business S. Kidman and Co. All of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 155,000 branded cattle.
Jessica Silva's ice-addicted partner, James Polkinghorne, arrived at her Marrickville home fuelled on 'ice' on Mothers Day in 2012. He sent her a text message threatening to 'cave her f***ing head in' and 'bash the f***' out of her. Fearing for her life, Ms Silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said, 'Mum, the psycho is coming' Upon returning to the scene, she could hear him screaming, 'I'm going to kill yous' She
The First Lady and 'Grandmother-in-chief' Marian Robinson enjoyed a five-course Italian lunch at Lupa restaurant on Thompson Street in New York's Greenwich Village on Saturday. Mario Batali, owner of Lupa, was heard describing Michelle Obama as 'a lovely woman' Mrs Robinson, 76, who lives in the White House with the First Family, is known as 'Mrs R' around Washington D.C. and keeps an active social circle.
Aeman Presley, 34, faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in Atlanta, another man sleeping outdoors in DeKalb County and a hairdresser in a parking garage in Decatur. He originally set out to rob his victims but was overcome with 'bloodlust' after killing the first man, according to a statement filed in court. After killing Calvin Gholston, 53, he felt a'self-described adrenaline fueled high' and went on to shoot Dorian Jenkins, 42, while he slept on the sidewalk. A few days later, he killed 68-year-old
Neil Moore, 28, was on remand at Wandsworth Prison in south-west London. He emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at 'Southwalk Crown Court' Fraudster brazenly walked out of prison on March 10 last year. Moore's escape only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him and discovered he was gone. Judge described the escape as'sophisticated and ingenious'
Vulcan will use new engines, mid-air recovery and a new upper stage. Aim of both SpaceX and ULA is to end US dependence on Russian-built rocket engines, but the technology has so far proven difficult. ULA's plan is to skip returning the whole booster, an approach favoured by rival SpaceX. It hopes to separate the engines after launch, inflate a heat shield around them and dispatch a helicopter to grab them mid-airs.
Alanna and Stephan Goetzinger lost their third daughter Rana during a stillbirth in 2012. A coroner found that the midwife who assisted at the birth was 'grossly inadequate' and may have contributed to the death of the baby. The midwife changed her statement about the events of the evening, including the time of the birth and whether the baby exhibited signs of life. Rana died either 'during or shortly after birth' from meconium aspiration, a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth, preventing them from breathing. Coroner James McDoug
Second children are left with hand-me-downs, and around £500 less spent on them in their first year of life. Only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second, a report by Debenhams found. Second children have to put up with having fewer new clothes bought for then. They also have a poorer record of their upbringing, with noticeably fewer photos and home movies taken of their young life.
Cassandra Cassidy, 24, was shot in a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas on Friday night. She had been trying to help two women 'afraid of men in a car' outside a rehab centre. The women had approached her outside the half-way house where she worked at 10pm. Ms Cassidy was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past and died in hospital.
Tipu Sultan was gunned down outside Herbs n Spice takeaway in South Shields. The 32-year-old father-of-two was originally from Bangladesh and lived in Sunderland. He was pronounced dead at the scene after being shot at the back of the shop. Witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing. Heavy police presence in the area with lane behind the takeaway completely taped off. Officers believe Mr Sultan was targeted deliberately and have launched a murder investigation.
Gareth Huw Davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the Indian Ocean. Sri Lanka is high on lists of places to visit in 2015, after the twin torment of a tsunami and a bitter civil war. The island is the spiritual home of serendipity  lucky discoveries by accident  as Serendib is the island's ancient name.
While travelling the world can cost a lot of money, there are some ways to do it for free, or at leas ton a very tight budget. House-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation. Volunteering with an organic farm offers a chance to travel and learn while helping others. Working on a superyacht is another way to sail around the world while making a salary.
Kim Sears wore a somber expression as she watched her husband-to-be Andy Murray lose to Novak Djokovic in the men's final of the Miami Open. The 27-year-old opted for a black mini dress for the third time during the tournament. Kim is due to marry Murray at Dunblane Cathedral on April 11 and will wear a big white wedding dress.
Two women and two men held at Manchester Airport in early hours of this morning. They were among eight relatives stopped at Turkish border with Syria on April 1. Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed from Rochdale, Greater Manchester. The group is understood to include Waheed's aunt, two male cousins, his cousin's wife and their children. Four children on the trip aged one, three, eight and 11 have also been flown back to UK.
The University of Wisconsin Badgers defeated the University of Kentucky Wildcats 71-64 in Saturday night's NCAA tournament semi-final game. The Badgers will now face off against Duke in the final on Monday - the school's first final since 1941. While the Badgers were still celebrating on the court Saturday night, violence broke out on the streets of UK's campus in Lexington. More than a thousand disappointed Kentucky fans gathered to celebrate the loss, setting fires and smashing bottles. Police arrested 31 people on charges of public intoxication and disorderly conduct. Another three people were taken to the hospital for non-
A'monster' pedophile, 70, who molested at least seven girls was sentenced to up to 50 years in prison on Thursday. James Tingley was convicted on March 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period. His crimes span a period of 50 years. Tingley's perverted accomplice Randy Stevens, 45, was also convicted of sexual misconduct by a separate jury for 'allowing him to carry out a number of sexual assaults'
Mai Mach, 60, was stabbed 23 times with garden shears in the backyard of her Melbourne home last Tuesday. Hours earlier her grandson Alistair Mach, 4, suffered 18 stab wounds as he slept in his bed. Chinese tourist Cai Xia Liao, 45, has been charged with their murder. A fundraising page set up to support the family has raised almost $50,000 in less than a week. More than 280 people have donated to the page, with many leaving messages of support. Liao appeared in court on Thursday and was remanded in custody.
Keir Starmer ran the Crown Prosecution Service for five years. He was in charge when Operation Elveden began its tainted 'witch hunt' into journalists. Most controversially, he pushed the use of an unheard of 13th century law  misconduct in public office  to go after journalists.
BBC Radio 3 controller Alan Davey branded audiences ignorant in Radio 4 interview. Claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result. With just two million listeners, Radio 3 is the least listened-to of the BBC's main stations. Last year Mr Davey's predecessor dismissed 'nonsense' claims that station was dumbing down.
Officer Michael Rapiejko seen overtaking his colleague's vehicle as they chase alleged armed robber Mario Valencia in Marana, northwest of Tucson, Arizona. In dashcam footage, he is seen speeding down road, mounting sidewalk and smashing into suspect. Seconds later, his vehicle mounts curb and smashes into Valencia's body, sending him flying into air. Valencia was rushed to hospital in serious condition; he was later booked into jail. Marana Police Chief Terry Rozema has defended officer's actions, saying they likely saved suspect's life.
Houston-based Safer Hassan has 30 days to get rid of '370H55V' license plate. Texas Department for Motor Vehicles deemed it 'offensive' and will cancel it in a month. Owner says he plans to appeal the decision, saying state is 'overreaching its boundaries'
April Morris of Bennettsville, South Carolina, thought she'd never see her beloved pit bull, Nina Louise, again after she went astray in December 2013. But this past Saturday she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup's rescue on local news. She was even more surprised when the bulletin revealed the whimpering canine had just given birth to ten pups. Nina Louise is now back at home with her family where she is being nursed back to health.
Angela Merkel and her husband, chemistry professor Joachim Sauer, have been spending Easter on the island of Ischia, near Naples in the Mediterranean for over a decade. The couple traditionally stay at the five-star Miramare Spa Hotel on the south of the island. Due to the lack of sunshine, Mrs Merkel has reportedly avoided the pool and lounges, and instead been enjoying Pilates classes.
Mei Ru, 50, and her husband Song Ming, 53, were going shopping in Fuzhou, China. She parked her car and he climbed out the passenger side before reversing over him. CCTV footage shows Mrs Ru then backing up over his body as passers-by rush to help. He was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save him, but he died of internal bleeding.
The Royal County of Berkshire Polo Club was founded in 1982 and Prince Charles was its first member. It's attracted royals and celebrities including Prince William and Harry, actress Stephanie Powers and Rolling Stone Bill Wyman. But attempts to launch a brand of polo-related goods have been scuppered by the European Court. The club had applied to register its polo player logo on four classes of item including travel bags, whips, harnesses and saddlery. Beverly Hills Polo Club objected on grounds that people could confuse the logo with their own.
Ukip leader caused controversy by attacking high cost of anti-retroviral drugs. He said foreign nationals with HIV accounted for 60% of 7,000 cases a year. Ed Miliband said his comments were disgusting, Nick Clegg said politics of the lowest form George Osborne said he was not going to dignify that with a response
Britons spend £815m a year to'social media proof' their wardrobe, according to study. Nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit. Almost a fifth said that they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online. One in four said that gaining comments and likes on their outfits on social media inspires them to try new styles.
Charles Collins, 28, was walking ahead of Alfred McNamee when he heard him fall. Surveillance footage shows him turn round when he hears him fall at 15th St station. He then jumps down from platform and helps elderly man to safety. McNamee was badly hurt in the fall, but managed to get away with his life. Collins has been praised for his bravery, but insists he's 'not a hero'
Claudia Alende, 21, came second in last year's Miss BumBum competition. She has branded title-holder Indianara Carvalho, 23, 'an attention-seeking sl*t' and'shocked and ashamed' She said: 'Our Lady is a holy figure, and for many the most important figure in their lives' Carvalho posted image of her naked body painted with image of Virgin Mary on Good Friday. Image was accompanied with prayer: 'Lord, on this day I ask for peace, love, wisdom and strength'
Gary Saurage, 45, who runs the Gator Country wildlife park in Beaumont, Texas, was called out on Monday morning to catch a giant 400lb, 11ft-long alligator from a family's backyard pond. A photograph of the capture - later posted to Facebook - shows Saurage approaching the giant reptile with his bare hands stretched forwards. The beast was later confirmed as a male, around 35 to 40 years old.
Valbona Yzeiraj was arrested on Thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault, unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment. Authorities said the 45-year-old woman, from White Plains, did injections in people's mouths, performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients' teeth. She was fired from Ultimate Dental Care of Riverdale after the company found out she was performing as a dentist from late 2012 to summer 2013.
Steve Esmond and his wife, Dr Theresa Devine, and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the Sirenusa Condominium Resort on the island of St. John. Sean, 16, and Ryan, 14, remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized. Esmond, who is an administrator of the private Tatnall School in Wilmington, Delaware, is conscious but unable to move. Preliminary tests showed there was 'a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying'
Physical activity can increase grey matter in the brain, increasing the size of areas that contribute to balance and coordination, according to a study by the University of Jyvaskyla. Changes in brain may have health implications in the long-term, such as reducing the risk of falling, said the study's author, Dr Urho Kujala. Previous research found exercise is linked to lower levels of body fat, a reduced risk of heart disease, better memory and thinking, and a lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Average cost of the big day hits £25,000, thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget. FEMAIL has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be. From saving on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills, FEMAIL gives you the lowdown.
High-end ski-tour company Haute Montagne fulfilled requests from guests. One wanted a horse and carriage on stand-by for two weeks at a cost of £20,000. Another wanted a bouquet of lily-of-the-valley flowers bigger than Kate Middleton's. Bramble Ski created a £2,450 lily of the valley bouquet for a romantic guest.
Jeremy Clarkson set to appear as guest presenter on Have I Got News For You. He will appear on the BBC show on April 25, just weeks after being sacked from Top Gear. Clarkson was dropped from the motoring show on March 25 after punching a producer. The 54-year-old punched Oisin Tymon in the face after a row over a steak dinner. Police had opened an investigation into the incident, which took place at a hotel in Hawes, North Yorkshire.
The White House Kitchen Garden was full of school children on Wednesday afternoon as FLOTUS oversaw a session of planting spinach, broccoli, lettuce, radish and bok choy. The first lady, who wasted no time getting stuck in in her black leggings and burgundy hoodie, was announcing the launch of the latest part of her ongoing Let's Move initiative. Not content with a busy afternoon in the garden, she then changed into a flawless black dress for the annual Grammys On The Hill Awards.
Khim Hang is the youngest designer to show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia. The 22-year-old showed his collection HAN at Carriageworks in Sydney on Wednesday. He is committed to looking after workers in Cambodia, where his heritage lies. Hang recently opened up a factory in Cambodia to improve the working conditions for factory workers. His collection was heavily influenced by his heritage and oriental influences.
Manchester City fans were filmed singing a vile song about the Munich Air Disaster outside Old Trafford. The clip was apparently taken after Sunday's Manchester derby. It shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart. A host of United greats, including Duncan Edwards, Tommy Taylor and Roger Byrne, died following the disaster in 1958.
Laura Stevens' photo series 'Another November' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship. The British photographer, 38, who lives in Paris, found inspiration for the series after her own painful break up. She asked friends and women she met to pose based on the experience of losing love. Laura says the project helped her deal with her own emotions.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon is threatening to wipe out Labour north of the border. She used a BBC TV debate to offer to 'lock David Cameron out of Downing Street' She dominated the so-called challengers debate and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers.
Jerusalem syndrome is characterised by anxiety, agitation and nervousness. First identified in 2000, it affects people overcome with excitement at being in close proximity to the city's holy places, believing they are Biblical characters. Seven stages of condition, including need to be clean, followed by need to scream, or sing out loud psalms, verses from the Bible, religious hymns or spirituals. Condition often affects people with no history of mental health problems.
Tracy Spraggins, 39, has Lupus, a chronic inflammatory disease, since she was six. In 2013, doctors in Birmingham, Alabama, told her she would need a kidney transplant. On the transplant list, she would have had to wait seven years for a donor. But her husband PJ, a self-employed musician, was a perfect match. For a year, he lost weight and went in for tests, only to be told he needed to lose more. Finally, in December 2014, he was given the green light to undergo surgery. The couple, who married in
Johnny Manziel and Colleen Crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended Tuesday night's Texas Rangers game. Crowley has been taking heat on Instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while Manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems. On Tuesday, Crowley posted a video on her Instagram page of the Texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends. The video seemed to enrage a number of followers who voiced their unhappiness that the undergrad at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas may not be setting the best example to someone straight out of
Yin Yunfeng spent a week making stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings. He also bought a large amount of snacks and hid them in different corners of the house. Yin is stationed in a regiment in Tibet and only gets to go home once a year. His wife, Ms Zhao, lives in a house bursting with frozen dishes and snacks.
Shares in what is now called the BG Group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153p last night. Rise came after oil giant Royal Dutch Shell announced plans to buy BG Group in £47bn deal. Shares popular due to hugely successful Tell Sid advertising campaign when British Gas was privatised. Anyone who bought 100 shares at time of privatisation would have paid £135 (£366 today)
The fire was sparked by a cooking stove on Saturday evening. By midday, Sunday, fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire, which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles. The fire burned in the Prado Dam Flood Control Basin, where vegetation has not burned in decades. California's drought means the basin has not held much water recently.
Chef Jacques LaMerde - which roughly translates to 'jack sh--' - the account pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap, fattening, convenience store goods to look fancy. Not only are the plates artistically manufactured, but they come with equally pretentious captions. One description reads: 'Hay-baked Hot Pockets with Hidden Valley Bacon Ranch spheres and a puree of Zoodles'
Pippa, 31, looked glamorous in tweedy skirt, black blouse and cropped black blazer. Accessorised with £159 black pumps by Jemima Vine and oversized sunglasses. Recently revealed that she will be designing a dress for charity.
Nathan Baggaley has been taken back into custody for allegedly assaulting a police officer at Byron Bay Blues Festival. The 39-year-old was allegedly caught in a toilet cubicle with white powder at around 4pm on Easter Friday. Mr Baggaley was already on strict bail conditions, including a 9pm curfew, while he was awaiting sentencing for two serious drug manufacturing charges. He has pleaded not guilty to the offence.
Number 20 The Lindens in New Addington, near Croydon, was bulldozed in June 2013. In its place, two new houses have been built, which will be numbered 19a and 19b. The two identical houses come with a garden, shed and new solar panels on the roof. Neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there. Stuart Hazell, 39, was living there with his partner, 49-year-old Christine Bicknell, Tia's grandmother.
Traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out. Commemorations began at sunset on Wednesday and were to continue Thursday with Israeli leaders attending official ceremonies. The theme of this year's observances - The Anguish of Liberation and the Return to Life: 70 Years Since the End of World War II.
Ten-week-old Qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in eastern China. Her mother, Ms Li, left her alone with the little girl while she went to work in nearby fields. When she returned 10 minutes later she found her daughter dragged from her bed by a stray. The right side of her face was shredded and her eyelid torn off in the attack.
Aubrey de Grey, 51, is a Harrow School and Cambridge-educated biomedical theorist. He believes there is no reason why any of us shouldn't reach 500, 1,000 or even 5,000 years of age. His radical thesis is that ageing can be halted and even reversed by treating the human body like a vintage car 'replace the parts, clean it up, keep it running smoothly way past its expected expiration date' He funds his research with donations from Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin and Larry Ellison, of Oracle.
Flashgap is free for iOS and Android devices and was created by Julian Kabab. Before a night out, one user creates an event and becomes that event's host. They can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends. During the night, photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears. Photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event. All attendees of the event can see this album, and users can only delete photos they took themselves
Hercules and Leo are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus, allowing their detention to be challenged. New York Supreme Court Justice Barbara Jaffe effectively recognises the chimpanzees as legal humans. Lawsuits were originally filed by the Nonhuman Rights Project in December 2013, in an attempt to free Hercules and Leo. A Stony Brook representative have been ordered to appear in court next month to respond to the petition.
Delroy Facey is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches. The 34-year-old former Premier League striker denies conspiracy to commit bribery. He is standing trial at Birmingham Crown Court alongside former non-league player Moses Swaibu, who also denies the charges. Prosecutor Nick Mather told jurors they would not need to know anything about football to try the defendants. Chann Sankaran and Krishna Ganeshan were found guilty of match-fixing at a previous trial.
Charnelle Hughes, 20, was standing near the bar at the Adelphi Pub in Preston. She was struck on the side of the head by the empty glass after it was hurled into a group of 40 people during a live gig. The culprit, Jordan Goode, also 20, had been dancing aggressively to heavy rock music and had suddenly picked up the glass and threw it randomly. Miss Hughes had to be rushed to hospital after she started bleeding profusely and was suffering concussion, and at one stage it was feared she would lose her right eye. Goode sobbed as he admitted
Chloe Knapton, 21, was driving home from a night out when she was attacked. She stopped to remove a bike from the middle of the road in Holmfirth, West Yorkshire. As she got out of her car, a man came at her with a glass bottle and hurled abuse. He then smashed down her window with the bottle, causing glass to shatter all over her. The dancer has been left with deep wounds to her face, neck, shoulder, nose and mouth. Her family has released shocking photos which show extent of the young woman's injuries. Ms
More than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross Mediterranean. About 150 survivors were rescued and brought to an Italian port on Monday. Before the weekend, more than 500 migrants had already died crossing Mediterranean this year. The total rescued since Friday has now reached 8,480, from more than 40 boats. More than 300 migrants drowned while attempting the crossing in February.
Lauren Perry, 25, had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy. Twins Mason and Chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks. Eight months later when Mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus. Mason contracted necrotising fasciitis, a serious rapidly spreading infection that results in death of tissue.
Ulysses Beaudoin, 39, of Texas, is accused of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake, Ulysses Nelson, when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a domestic argument. Beaudoin and his wife of 18 years, Christina Nelson, got into an argument in the bedroom, prompting their son to step in. Suspect allegedly pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot his son twice in the back. He then allegedly threatened his 18-year old son, sending the teen fleeing for his life. The 39-year
Ecuador's leader Rafael Correa was pictured with his arm around the boy. He was seemingly oblivious to the message on the shirt and large arrow pointing in his direction. The picture was shared thousands of times on social media in the South American country. It is now trending with the hashtag #IAmWithStupidMashi, referring to the president's Twitter account.
Christopher Eccleston grew up in Manchester and played Time Lord for 13 episodes. The 51-year-old actor said he wanted to move the character away from RP pronunciation. He said: 'We shouldn't make a correlation between intellect and accent' Eccleston has previously hinted at a row with the shows bosses.
A dramatic confrontation between an alleged Army impostor and a bystander in Florida has been caught on video. Eric Coins, who was drinking in the city of Sunrise posted the video to YouTube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women. The stand-off between the two men almost comes to blows as Coins tells the man: 'There are people who f****** die in that uniform' The incident comes after an angry Army veteran called out a panhandler in Tampa last month for faking a military connection by wearing a camouflage uniform.
In England alone, there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia. Here's how to make life easier for them and their loved ones. In the final week of our major Good Health series on dementia, we turn our attention to the carers.
Thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the Volksbank in Steglitz, Berlin, in January 2013. The gang, who fled the bank with diamonds, gold and silver worth more than £8.3m, have never been found. It now appears that the Berlin heist bore all the hallmarks of the Easter weekend raid in London. In both cases, police are investigating the possibility of an insider helping the thieves.
Toddler's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the exhibit at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo on Saturday around 3pm. The boy was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene. He suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital. Cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials.
Peter Hamilton was walking his dog in Toronto when he heard woman's cries. She was bound by handcuffs and naked from the waist down begging for help. He wanted to call the police but left his cell phone at home, so had to take out the only item he had on him - the nail clippers. Police claim Rejean Hermel Perron held the woman at gunpoint and held her captive for five days. Allegedly subjected her to sexual assaults including 'ritualistic actions' Perron was arrested and charged with sexual assault with a weapon, kidnapping, forcible confinement and
Dmitri Kovtun, who is wanted for the dissident's murder, says he was not involved in his death. Former KGB agent says Mr Litvinenko accidentally poisoned himself with polonium. Kovtun has agreed to give evidence at public inquiry if he is given access to secret evidence. But he will have to do so by video link because he will be arrested if he tries to travel to Britain.
Freshman students from Yichuan, Shaanxi province took the exam on Saturday. It was the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open. The school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students' organizing capacity.
Vice correspondent Gianna Toboni traveled to India to explore the country's booming gestational surrogacy industry. She went undercover to meet with an agent who claimed she could get her a baby in two to three months. The agent then offered to sell Gianna and her team the baby over dinner. Gianna never considered buying the baby, but as a woman who would one day like to be a mother, she thought about accepting the offer.
Opened in 1818, the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking Stafford in the West Midlands. Shattered doors, overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the Grade II listed building where patients were restrained by means of 'the leather muff,' 'iron handcuffs' and'restraint chair' There are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis. The hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located. It now lies in a terrible state, but building work is under way to transform the site into
Colin Cromie, 49, told Xara Grogan, 29, they should jet to Barcelona for a break. But when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured. He would snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be 'abrupt and rude' Nurse was later forced to quit the job she had held for more than five years. Tribunal found Miss Grogan was constructively dismissed by Mr Cromie.
Todd Kincannon, 33, was arrested and booked into the Lexington County Detention Center on Monday evening. An arrest warrant alleges that he grabbed his wife Ashely Griffith's arm during a March 26 argument in their car,'squeezing it tightly, thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle' Griffith told police he threatened to kill her, himself and her family during the incident  threats he is accused of having made previously also. Kincannon says he 'accidentally overdosed' on a prescription drug Benzonatate  which he says he was taking to deal with an upper respiratory infection
Victorino Chua, 49, denies killing three patients at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport. He denies killing Tracey Arden, Arnold Lancaster, 71 and Derek Weaver, 83. Also denies killing 18 others by deliberately poisoning them with insulin and injecting them with drugs. His barrister Peter Griffiths QC asked him specific questions about the charges he faces. Chua has pleaded not guilty to 36 charges in all, including three alleged murders.
Sue Perkins, 45, was bookies' favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear. But she has now left the social media site after receiving death threats. She tweeted: 'My timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead... this morning' Fans have sent messages of support for the TV personality on Twitter. Downton Abbey star Lily James and Little Britain star Matt Lucas also left Twitter.
Shadow chancellor said the letter, left in the Treasury by Liam Byrne in 2010, was just a 'jokey note' Mr Byrne's glib note to his successor as Treasury Secretary stated: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid there is no money. Kind regards  and good luck! Liam' It has become emblematic of Labour's fiscal irresponsibility in office and was used by David Cameron in the seven-way leaders' debate earlier this month.
Baby Malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver Chevrolet Impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around 4.30pm Thursday. Police say the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire, then drove off. The baby was in'very critical condition' Friday, a day after the shooting. Detectives in Kent initially suggested road rage as a motive, but police no longer think that's the case after further investigation.
Porche Wright, 27, was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday afternoon on attempted murder charges. The girl is expected to survive but she is suffering from severe wounds. 'She was burned so bad the skin was peeling off her face and everything & it was really, really severe,' said a witness.
Nina Anderson, 78, lost £400 worth of jewellery during raid on her Portsmouth home. Burglar Martin Campbell, 28, forced his way into house while she was at home alone. He was arrested by police when Mrs Anderson noticed necklaces were missing from box. But he was later released with no further action, so she began looking in pawn shops. She spotted two of the items in window of a Cash and Cheque Express two months later. Pawn shop was able to provide bank statement, photo ID and ownership declaration. Mrs Anderson contacted police, who re
Tony Abbott said EU should 'urgently' follow Australia's'stop the boats' policy. He said it is the only way to prevent tragedies such as the death of 900 in Catania. Australian Navy intercepts boats filled with migrants at sea and either turns them back or tows them back. EU leaders including David Cameron are meeting tomorrow in 'life or death' summit. Save the Children warned that 2,500 youngsters could die in Mediterranean this year.
Carl Hendrick, head of learning and research at Wellington College, Berkshire, has attacked the tidal wave of guff in classrooms. He argues that schools should concentrate on boosting pupils confidence by teaching them well and providing clear and achievable paths to academic success
Gold Coast personal trainer Ashy Bines mistakenly advertised a yearlong program for $US49,500. An extra zero was added to the cost of the program - the real price is $4,950. 'There was a mistake in the wording,' Ms Bines said in an email to her thousands of followers. She blamed the confusion on an unnamed editor. Ms Bines has more than 250,000 Facebook followers.
Charlotte Crosby has lost over two and a half stone over the last year. The reality TV star has come under fire for this picture in which she appears to be very slim. One Twitter user commented that she thought Charlotte was 'far to skinny' Dr Marilyn Glenville told us that there is a lot of pressure on women in the media to try and stay thin. She said it may push them into unhealthy eating patterns to achieve that look.
The images were taken between 1850 and 1855 by photographer Hugh Owen and are some of the first ever taken of the city of Bristol. The albumen prints were made in the 1870s from the original paper negatives of the early 1850s and could fetch up to £30,000 when they go up for auction tomorrow. Everything from the waterfront, city centre and St Mary Redcliffe church can be seen in the shots, as well as The Fourteen Stars Tavern. Many of the buildings pictured have changed dramatically between the 19th century and today, particularly the area of High Street.
Kenneth Wanamaker Jr, 37, pleaded guilty on Friday, weeks before a scheduled trial in the Northhampton County, Pennsylvania, case against him. Fourteen of the girl's 20 teeth were either abscessed, and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay, the dentist said. She had been scheduled for surgery in March but did not end up having an procedure because her parents did not set up a pre-operation examination. Authorities still are investigating him and his partner Jessica Hoffman, 32, in connection to the deaths of their other children.
Around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014. But smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent. The CDC report is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students. Tom Frieden, CDC director, remarked the results are 'alarming' and'shocking'
Bobby Flay filed for divorce on Friday, just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years, Stephanie March. The prenup between the Food Network star and the Law And Order: SVU actress provides her with the relatively meager sum for five years, according to TMZ. Also claims that clause allows the chef to buy her out of the $8million marital home for just $1million - with an extra $50,000 to pack and move her stuff. This will be Stephanie's first divorce and a third for Flay.
Group working in North-West accused of filming attacks and demanding money to keep them secret. One teenager, 19, told police he was beaten up by gang in church car park after dark. He thought he was meeting 14-year-old girl he had spoken to on the internet in Atherton. But when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile. In second similar incident, shoppers called police when they saw man being beaten up in Wigan. Andrew O'Neill, 25, has since admitted in court that he groomed
Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, 27, was suspected of fatally shooting two people at the scene of a traffic accident that killed his nephew Damani Terry, 2, on Sunday. Archie Brown Jr, 40, struck and killed the gunman's two-year-old nephew after he darted into the street in front of his van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Police obtained a warrant for his arrest on Wednesday night in connection to the shooting. Chiles III shot himself with a single shot on Thursday morning as police closed in on him at the Presidential Inn & Suites in Lyon, Illinois. He
An alligator reportedly attacked and ate a 100-pound dog at an Alabama park in early April. Pooch Mavis was brought to Arlington Park in Mobile by her owner for a fishing trip, the man's brother, Chris Wilson, said. Mavis was reportedly close to the park's boat launch when the alligator attacked her. The alligator involved in the attack is being looked for by wildlife officials.
Goblin Valley State Park in Utah's San Rafael desert was first discovered by cowboys searching for cattle in 1964. The rock protrusions consist of soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column's spire-like shape from weather erosion. Softer rock is removed by wind and water, leaving the unique constructions, which are further chiselled by water and dust erosion.
Sophie English was born during the height of the Vietnam War and adopted by an Australian family. The last time Ms English had seen her home country was when she was 10 months old. For more than 40 years she has had many questions about her heritage. She travelled with ABC's Foreign Correspondent Sally Sara to Vietnam in search of answers. Ms English met another adoptee, Le My Huong, who has since found her mother and moved back to Vietnam.
Apple has bought Israel-based Link Computational Imaging. LinX makes'multi-aperture' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology. Rather than capturing a flat 2D image, the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph. This lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room, for example. Microsoft's Kinect uses similar technology, as does Intel's RealSense 3D camera. Apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details.
The 39-year-old Ethiopian-born beauty fronts Vogue Paris' upcoming May issue. The last black woman to grace the cover was model Rose Cordero in March 2010. In January of this year, British Vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover.
The 78 Irish travellers, who hail from just four families, had refused to budge despite facing three different courts, a planning inquiry and a council. Locals in Hardhorn, Lancashire, accused the group of trashing their village and branded them the 'neighbours from hell' Last October, the camp appeared to have lost its case after the travellers were told to move out by the Court of Appeal. But despite being given four months to leave the site without the chance to appeal, the group used a loophole to take their case to the Supreme Court. Fylde Council
The Rosehall Estate near Inverness in the Scottish Highlands was built in 1820 but has not been lived in for more than 60 years. It was bought by Hugh 'Bendor' Grosvenor, the Duke of Westminster, in the 1920s and used as a secret love nest for him and Coco Chanel. French designer painstakingly decorated each room in subtle, elegant hues, much of it based on the look of her Paris apartment. Former Prime Minister Winston Churchill stayed with her at the property while recuperating from illness in 1928. The estate requires millions more to be
Jason Rezaian, 39, was detained in Tehran on July 22 last year. He was officially charged in December, but details of the charges had never been released. On Monday, his lawyer detailed the four serious offences her client faces. Rezaian is being held in the capital's notorious Evin Prison. Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said the reporter faced'very serious' allegations.
Indian Creek Island Road is the most exclusive area in Miami, with a median house price of $21.48million. Its 86 residents include four of Americas top 500 richest people, according to Forbes. They are activist investor Carl Icahn; hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert; car dealership owner Norman Braman and mutual fund mogul Charles Johnson. Second on the list is Beverly Park Circle, home to Denzel Washington and Eddie Murphy, where the average price tag is $16.238million.
Finley Lamb, five, suffers from rare brain abnormality Periventricular Nodular Heterotopia. It means many of his 'grey matter' cells have not migrated to the correct position. Left him unable to walk and talk and with a 90% chance of developing Epilepsy. But he took his first steps last year and now walks two miles to school every day. His mother Sara, 37, said: 'We never thought he would be able to lead an independent life'
Labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon immigrants boarding makeshift boats in Africa in the hope of making it to Europe. He also called on the UK to take a 'fare share' of refugees fleeing civil war. Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach Europe in boats launched from Libya.
Garnet in Montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver. It was devastated by fire around 1912 and deserted a few years later. Now the U.S. Bureau of Land Management is offering free food, housing and a job to people willing to live in Garnet and work as a tour operator. There are four positions, with some workers operating as tour guides and others keeping the grounds. The job ad was first posted in local newspaper The Missoulian, expecting to only find interest from within Montana.
The Edwardian-style building and shopfront on Brunswick Street in Fitzroy was once owned by Wei Tang. She was convicted in 2006 of keeping five Thai women as sex slaves. The brothel, formerly known as Club 417, has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa, as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room. It's listed for sale through Barry Plant Real Estate and is being marketed on its potential for a range of uses.
Charmain Adusah's body was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath. It is believed she had been lying there for four days and had been dead for a week. Husband Eric Isaiah Adusah is a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher. He was alleged to have left the hotel on the day she is believed to have died. The couple, who were married last September, were said to have argued during stay. Close family friend accused him of being a 'wolf in sheep's clothing'
Ranulfo Perez, 48, was arrested for allegedly groping the breasts of a 16-year-old girl. Teenager said she was grabbed in a hug by a man dressed as Cookie Monster in Times Square. Perez was released by the Manhattan District Attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker and could not be sure it was him. Incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in the area.
People who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13% higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce. It means an extra £2,100 a year  £17,800 rather than £15,700  to anyone who has kept their marriage intact, or who has never married. One in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles.
Sarah Silverman claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart for a job. She said New York Comedy Club owner Al Martin paid her $50 less than Todd Barry. But club owner revealed the story was false because Silverman was a guest on the show. Silverman has since publicly apologized and said she fabricated the story. Feminist campaigner said critics should not use the story to undermine gender pay gap.
Labial reduction procedures have risen five-fold in the past 10 years. More than 2,000 operations were performed on the NHS in 2010. Trend is reflected in Australia where procedures have more than doubled. Surgery involves reducing the size of a woman's labia minora. This is done by cutting away the excess skin with a scalpel, or possibly a laser, and stitching up the loose edge with dissolvable stitches, until it heals.
Teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they try to find instant stardom. For the first time producers have held auditions at secondary schools and colleges. The move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools. Teacher Angela Butler said Britains Got Talent spent two hours at her school and a local sixth-form college in November.
Harpers Bazaar magazine has published an extract from Kim's book Selfish. Reality TV star reveals what she eats and works out every day. She changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist. Kim and Kanye West work with a chef to create meal plans for the day.
Leroy J. Toppins went missing about 6pm Friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family's home in Washington Court House, Ohio. More than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day Saturday. At 7pm, the boy's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry, a short distance from where he was last seen. Police do not believe the death was suspicious.
The 46-year-old mother-of-two is gearing up for the London Marathon on 26 April. She suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter Grace in 2003. Christy launched Every Mother Counts in 2010, an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world.
Hannah Overton, 37-year-old mother of five, will not face new murder charges in the death of her adopted son, Andrew Burd, who died of salt poisoning in 2006. In September, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned Overton's capital murder conviction, citing ineffective counsel at her 2007 trial. District attorney Mark Skura said he would not be trying the case again due to 'a myriad of factors which came about after a careful review of the previous trial' Overton has been behind bars for seven years, separated from her husband and five children who are being cared for
The DIY boat was made from scrap wood, insulation board, polystyrene and scrap wood. It was glued together with silicone sealant and used coat hangers to hold it together. The pair had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue without any problems. But an oar snapped 200 yards off Jaywick, Essex, and they had to call 999. A lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket, and one unable to swim. Despite the experience, one of the men yesterday pledged to return to the water.
Deputy Prime Minister said he would not allow Lib Dems to prop David Cameron up in power. Said he would veto a new deal unless Tories agreed new taxes on the rich. Accused Tories of 'lashing out' at Labour because they knew they could not win election. Asked if he was proud of his record in government with Mr Cameron, Mr Clegg said: 'Hell yes'
Daniel P. Finney, 39, of Iowa, started out weighing 563lbs and has lost 20.6lbs in a month. He is documenting his journey for the Des Moines Register. Daniel is working with a therapist to tackle his emotional eating issues, as well as a nutritionist and a physical therapist to lose weight and recover from health problems.
Armed robbers are suspected of stealing $5 million in gold from an 18-wheeler taking the precious from Florida to Massachusetts on Interstate 95. Two security guards working for Transvalue Inc of Miami were reportedly approached by three armed men driving a white van after pulling over on the interstate. The men 'ordered the guards to lie on the ground, tied their hands behind their backs and marched them into nearby woods, before taking 275lbs gold' The gold totaled $4.8 million, but the truck was carrying about $10 million worth of metal, so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver - behind
Leah Williamson scored a 96th-minute penalty to make it 2-2 against Norway last Saturday. But referee Marija Kurtes gave a free-kick after team-mate Rosella Ayane had encroached the box. According to the laws of the game, a penalty should be retaken if it enters the goal after encroachment by team-mates of the player taking the kick. England held on in the final moments to secure the draw and, with it, a place in this summer's finals in Israel. Williamson said: They were the longest 24 hours of my
The 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for Colcci during São Paulo Fashion Week in her native Brazil wearing a selection of summery ensembles. The Brazilian mother of two, who is married to NFL quarterback Tom Brady, has said she wants to spend more time with her family but will continue working in the industry.
Alan Greaves was caught with 20,000 indecent images of child abuse on his computer. Police raided his home in Colne, Lancashire in September 2013 and found the images. Almost 700 of the images were of the most serious category, Burnley Crown Court heard. The father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the secret society the Illuminati. He was jailed for 21 months after pleading guilty to two offences of making indecent images.
Angela Maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift at the lunch club. The 67-year-old was seen arriving at Coningsby Community Hall yesterday morning. Couple scooped £53million last week and plan to buy new minibus for pensioners. They also plan to upgrade their family to First Class on holiday to New Zealand.
David Wihby, 61, was arrested on Friday in Nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and resigned on Saturday. Wihby has been the New Hampshire Republican's state director for the last year and her number-two staffer behind the chief of staff. He is a former longtime Manchester city alderman and interim commissioner of the state Department of Labor. Nashua Police reportedly arrested ten men between the ages of 24 and 62 years old over the course of the last week.
Former Goldman Sachs managing director Jason Lee, 38, faces charges of raping a 20-year-old Irish woman in the Hamptons in August 2013. He allegedly forced himself on the woman in a bathroom and told her to'shut the f*** up' so her friends in the next room would not hear. Lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was 'no big deal' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene: 'We're good, you can go' He has denied first-degree rape, sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and could face 25 years
The march was organized by National Actions to Stop Murder By Police. Many of the protesters cited the deaths of Eric Garner in Staten Island and Walter Scott in South Carolina. The protesters marched from Manhattan's Union Square and across the Brooklyn Bridge where they partially blocked traffic. Police began making arrests around 4:30 p.m. and by late evening at least 34 people had been arrested.
Students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses. At the same time foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average. Economists Olivier Marie and Ulf Zölitz studied 54,000 sets of grades from students all around the world and came to a stark conclusion. The pair also came to stark conclusions when looking at stats for maths students.
SS City of Cairo was travelling from Bombay to England in 1942. It was torpedoed by a U-boat 480 miles south of St Helena, taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean. Underwater company Deep Ocean Search (DOS), which included 20 French oceanographers, was then contracted by the UK Ministry of Transport to recover the coins. The recovery took place in 2013, but has only now been made public.
Saba Syed and husband Sheikh Amari run one of UK's leading supercar dealerships. Preston-based Saba doesn't flinch in the traditionally male-dominated world of motoring. Says: 'Women have very good taste in cars. You don't honestly think we talk about cars do you when selling [when selling]. We talk about shiny, red soles!' Supercars: The Million Pound Motors, tonight at 8pm on Channel 4.
Violeta Tupuola, from Canberra, has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge craze. The craze involves placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell. In an attempt to emulate Kylie Jenner's bee-stung pout, Violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck. Countless teens, both boys and girls, have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on Twitter and
Lord Janner was an MP for Leicester West between 1970 and 1997. He has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes. Police have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by him. But Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders ruled it was not in public interest to put the Labour peer on trial because of his age and ill health.
Chris Appleton has been working with natural brunette Rita, 24, for the past two years. He says that the singer's blonde hair needs to be colored every three weeks, and that she has to sleep in a hair mask to keep it in the best condition possible. Rita experimented with darker hair for her role as Mia Grey in the recently-released Fifty Shades of Grey movie, but is not averse to experimenting with different hairstyles.
Heather Mack, 19, is accused of murdering mother Sheila Von Wiese-Mack in Bali last August. She allegedly killed her socialite mother with her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer, 21, in self-defence. Baby Stella Schaefer was born by caesarian on March 17 and is being cared for by Mack. A blanket fell away today, revealing the child's face to the world for the first time. Mack and Schaefer appeared before a panel of three judges in Denpasar District Court. Lawyers for both Americans rejected premeditated charges that had
UK researchers studied the asteroid impact 66 million years ago. They found the heat near the impact site in Mexico was not intense enough to ignite plant material. A heat pulse lasted less than a minute, too short to set plants alight. Further away in places like New Zealand, the heat could have lasted up to seven minutes and caused some localised fires. But the theory that a global firestorm accompanied the impact is not correct, according to the scientists. It suggests our understanding of the mass extinction event that wiped out the dinosaurs may not be as complete as thought.
Mr Yuan, from Changsha, was involved in a car accident on March 24 and has been in hospital ever since. None of the women knew he had been seeing anyone else - some for up to nine years. The women discovered his secret after doctors contacted all of them to let them know he was injured. They have now set up an online Facebook group so they can all chat and discover how much he hid from them.
Four-vehicle pile-up happened in Goodge Street in central London this morning. Two people treated at the scene by paramedics following the crash in the early hours. Richard Beltran, who works nearby, caught the aftermath of the crash on camera. He said it involved an Audi TT sports car, a Mercedes and two Routemasters - dubbed 'Boris Buses' No arrests have been made, police said.
Lamborghini Gallardo smashed into a tree and bollard in Beaumont Leys, Leicestershire. One of the rear wheels flew off and narrowly missed a man and his granddaughter. Onlookers claim the driver laughed and said he would buy another one. Police have not made any arrests and the road has been closed.
Natasha Hope-Simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee. She has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has a true handicap. 'I have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions, you are not HANDICAPPED! The next time you park here I will forward the Video's to police with your license plate number. YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF!!!!
A man has accused rapper DMX and his entourage of robbing him while at a New Jersey gas station on Easter morning. The unidentified Newark resident, 22, said he recognized the 44-year-old rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, while at an Exxon station on Sunday. Police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with DMX about rap music around 12.30am. During the conversation a male in DMX's entourage'showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim's money' The victim told police that he pulled $3,200 cash from his
Fans can fly with Al Pacino on a private jet from Glasgow to London for £25,000 (or $41,500) The VIP package also includes three nights in a five-star hotel in London, transfers and a ticket to the actors May 22 show at the Hammersmith Apollo. Up to two hardcore fans will then fly with the actor on his entourage after the show, giving them the perfect opportunity to corner the actor and question him about his films. The package includes a commercial flight ticket from any UK airport to Glasgow, plus a ticket for Pacino
Corey Edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect. He endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life. His greatest wish was for his parents Jemma and Craig to tie the knot. Staff at Bristol Children's Hospital pulled out all the stops to grant his wish. The Archbishop of Canterbury granted permission for the ceremony to be held on the paediatric ward. Corey, who held the rings at the wedding, died five days after the ceremony.
The Karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday's incident 18 miles from Ardglass on the south-east shore of Northern Ireland. The 60-foot boat's captain Paul Murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable on board his boat following the alarming incident. Last month a trawler captain claimed his boat was nearly dragged down by a Russian submarine while fishing off the Scottish coast.
Two 49-year-old women and a man, 23, were removed from the plane just before take off. Bristol Airport confirmed that their actions caused further delays to the flight. Ryanair told MailOnline Travel: 'We will not tolerate unruly behaviour at any time'
Thief scaled two-storey antique market before breaking into rooftop vent. He crawled on floor 'like a snake' to avoid setting off infrared security beams. Thief stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up shaft and escaping in 4x4. Eight-minute raid has been likened to a Mission Impossible film.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen alive at her Grafton home on March 14. She was last known to be in the Lawrence area in the early hours of March 15. Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family despairing and fixated on their many unanswered questions regarding her disappearance.
Rodney Stover, 48, a convicted sex offender lived in Bellevue Men's Shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles, rapists, and other sex-offenders. The shelter is located just one block from the K through 12 Churchill School for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $27,000 per year. Three of the residents in the shelter are convicted rapists and four of them were pedophiles with male and female victims as young as six.
Bobby Flay has filed for divorce from his wife of 10 years, Law & Order: SVU star Stephanie March, TMZ reported on Friday. The Food Network standout is 'heartbroken' about the split and his wife is'mighty unhappy' with the prenup which is said to favor Bobby. Also on Friday the New York Daily News claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with Mad Men star January Jones in 2010. Jones is now dating Will Forte, who she was seen with in February at the premiere of The Last Man On Earth.
Jamar Nicholson, 15, and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in South L.A. before school on February 10 when two police officers approached the boys with their guns drawn. One of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire. Nicholson was shot in the back by officer Miguel Gutierrez and is in pain but he says he feels lucky to be alive. Another attorney John W. Harris who is representing Nicholson and his friend 17-year-old Jason Huerta is arguing that they posed no threat to police officers or themselves.
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT. Justin Whittington, 23, of Bakersfield, California was taken into custody on Thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online. The video posted to social media and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through Vest Market when a man believed to be his father hits him in the face. A pregnant woman, can be seen coming and taking the distraught boy away. Police were notified of the video after it was leaked online and asked the public for help identifying the man in the video.
Andrea Bradley, 28, and Glen Bates, 32, have been indicted on aggravated murder charges in the beating death of their 2-year-old daughter last month. Glenara Bates was brought to an Ohio hospital last month dead and weighing only 13lbs. The child had been badly beaten and had bruises, belt marks and bite marks, and injuries had been inflicted over an extended period of time. Five of Bradley's seven children  ages 1, 4, 5, 7 and 8  were living with the woman at the time of her death.
Female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure at Ryemarket Shopping Centre, Stourbridge, West Midlands. Passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama. Detectives have released a CCTV image of a woman they want to trace after the money was stolen. She has been described as a white woman in her 30s or 40s, around 5ft 5in tall and with long dark hair.
Edwin Mee, 46, is accused of abusing his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an Army careers centre in Croydon, south London. The Scottish officer - known as 'Jock' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between October 2010 and September 2011. Mee took to the witness box to give evidence at London's Southwark Crown Court today, and firmly denied the allegations. He branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a 'time waster' and a liar.
BBC boss Danny Cohen wants sci-fi series to be turned into a movie to capitalise on its worldwide success. But leaked emails show Doctor Whos creative team are reluctant to rush into making a film that could flop and tarnish its reputation. The messages were among 173,000 hacked by North Korea after the firm made The Interview, a comedy about the state.
Mandi L. Walkley, 39, and Jacob M. Austin, 52, died after a sudden storm in Washington's Dungeness Bay hit their church kayaking trip on Saturday. William D. Kelley, 50, who was also rescued by the Coast Guard, has improved from critical to serious condition. He is'squeezing their hands and blinking at them,' said his pastor, Bill Bowers. Walkley, Austin and Kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on Saturday for an excursion along Washington's Dungeness Spit. Forecasts had predicted
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge. He will now be sentenced in Sydney's local court, where the maximum jail term is two years, rather than the district court. Patrick Lyttle, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother, Barry in Kings Cross, Sydney's inner-city, on January 3. The brothers from Belfast in Ireland went on a night out in the early hours of that morning. Mr Lyttle spent nearly a week in an induced coma in January following
Best mates Jeff McCubbery and Ian Bullock devised Captain Cootie Cards over twenty years ago. The pair have devised a range of greeting cards, coffee mugs, stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo. But their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to. They plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor.
High There! is the worlds first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts. It lets users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views. When High There! first launched two months ago, it could only be downloaded by users in the US who live in states that have legalised cannabis. The app has been likened to Tinder, which also lets users swipe to connect to people - like in the popular dating app Tinder. Denver-based founder and CEO, Todd Mitchem, said that the app doesnt encourage the sale of marijuana but is
Brass lamp was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the Nightingale family at Lea Hurst, near Matlock, Derbyshire. Dating back to around 1840, the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at Hansons in Etwall on June 26. Nightingale became known as The Lady with the Lamp thanks to a report in The Times.
Residents from Fairdale, an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of Chicago, were told they could return to their homes on Saturday to salvage what they could. But buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on Thursday night. Geraldine M Schultz, 67, and Jacklyn K. Klosa, 69, were killed in her home by the storm, authorities announced. The weather service gave it a preliminary EF4 rating  its second strongest  with winds of between 180 and 200 mph.
Royal fans had set up camp outside the Lindo Wing at St. Mary's Hospital in Paddington. Many had decorated the area with posters and bunting in preparation for Kate's arrival. John Loughery, 60, was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008. Margaret Tyler, 71, is an avid collector of royal memorabilia who has amassed a trove worth more than £10,000. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth in just over three days.
Bronze artefacts were found at the 'Rising Whale' site in Cape Espenberg, Alaska. Discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle, dating to around A.D. 600. Trade was taking place between East Asia and the New World hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus arrived in the area in 1492.  Bronze-working had not been developed at this time in Alaska, and researchers believe the artefacts may have been created in China, Korea or Yakutia. Researchers believe those who lived at the Rising Whale site may
Claire, Emily, Christine and Lily Vincenti were taken from their Italian home by their mother more than three years ago. Their mother, Laura Garrett, had Australian passports made for the girls and fled to Australia. She claimed she had to escape her abusive partner, Tomasso Vincenti. The sisters were returned to Italy in 2012, after Ms Garrett's story fell apart. 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown interviewed the two eldest girls, Emily and Claire. They expressed their regret for the way they handled the dramatic exit.
Lance Futch, 26, thought he was meeting with a federal official about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy. Instead, Futch was sat at a table with Obama, Utah Senator Orrin Hatch,  congressman Rob Bishop, and Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker. 'If I had known it was my Commander-in-Chief, I definitely would have been wearing my blues,' said the National Guardsman.
Eight-month-old boy was trapped in Range Rover when keys were locked inside. Mother frantically tried to open door as temperatures rose to 23C in Surbiton, south-west London. She grew increasingly distressed as car became hotter and called police for help. PC Resteghini smashed the car's window with his baton and the baby was saved. Temperatures peaked at 22.8C at St James's Park in London yesterday - making it the second hottest day of the year so far. Today's 23.6C and rising meant it was the hottest of the
Jondrew Lachaux, 39, and Kellie Phillips, 38, turned themselves in after the three children were found. They have been arrested and face child abuse charges. Lachaux is also charged with concealing evidence after the toddler's badly decomposed body was found in the garage. A teenager is also being held on a child abuse charge. She gave birth at home without any medical care to a four-month-old girl.
Abubaker Deghayes, 46, has left his home in Brighton to try and rescue his son Amer. Amer, 21, is fighting for the Jabhat al-Nusra, a group affiliated with al-Qaeda. He has not been in contact with his father, who has not heard from him for four weeks. Two of his other sons, Abdullah and Jaffar, were killed fighting in Syria last year. The father-of-three insists he has not 'run away' to join the fight and has informed British authorities.
Wildlife photographer Einar Gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera. He had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was woken by howling. After emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures, he spotted a female and male fox copulating. But the pair weren't alone - a third Arctic fox lurked nearby. Wiggling free, the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight.
Victoria Ayling is running for the key election seat of Great Grimsby. She made the comments after being confronted by her local party. Lieutenant Colonel Ron Shepherd launched an investigation. He has raised questions about whether she has misrepresented her son. Mrs Ayling denies that is the case.
Austin West, 4, slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family's home in Gastonia, North Carolina. Austin's grandfather, Jeff West, says that when he attempted to launch a GoFundMe campaign to raise money to cover his grandsons final expenses, he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy's name on the site. On Thursday, Austin's grandfather set up a genuine donation page hoping to collect $10,000. As of Friday evening, only $315 has been raised.
Lance Corporal Joshua Leakey, 27, showed 'complete disregard' for his own safety. He braved heavy Taliban fire to rescue wounded US Marine in Helmand, Afghanistan, in August 2013. Paratrooper is second member of his family to receive the highest military decoration. His cousin was given the VC 70 years ago for valour during the Second World War. L/Cpl Leakey said he was 'uncomfortable' about being singled out ahead of others in his regiment.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, 86, angered daughter Marine, 46, with racist and anti-Semitic remarks. He repeated his claim that the Holocaust was 'a detail of history' and praised Hitler's Marshal Petain. His 46-year-old daughter accused him of 'political suicide' and said she would oppose his candidacy in regional elections in December. Le Pen has now pulled out of regional elections but said granddaughter should stand in his place. Marion Marechal-Le Pen, 25, confirmed she would seek the party's nomination.
Measure would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels. According to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, that is about as loud as a school cafeteria. Democratic Senator Chris Edwards sponsored the bill after his autistic son had episodes after hearing loud hand dryers. Republican senator Chuck Thomsen says he prefers paper hand drying.
Ashley Graham, 27, is the first plus-size model to appear in Sports Illustrated's swimsuit issue. The Nebraska native is also the face of Lane Bryant's new I'm No Angel campaign. Her lingerie line for Addition Elle comes in band sizes from 36 to 44 and cup sizes from DD to H.
A state investigation was launched following complaints from two large agencies that supply water to arid farmland in the Central Valley and to millions of residents as far south as San Diego. Delta farmers don't deny using as much water as they need but say they're not stealing it because their history of living at the water's edge gives them that right. They have been asked to report how much water they're pumping and to prove their legal rights to it. At issue is California's century-old water rights system that has been based on self-reporting and little oversight, historically giving senior water rights holders the ability
Edwin 'Jock' Mee, 45, allegedly targeted 11 cadets during army interview process. Southwark Crown Court heard he had a preference for vulnerable black women born overseas. Many of his victims were threatened with deportation if they did not submit to his sexual demands. One victim, a virgin in her early 20s, fell pregnant when Mee raped her in a locked waiting room. Divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration.
The unnamed woman's email was shared by a recipient yesterday on Reddit. She demands guests include a $63.99 water table from WalMart, a $19.99 play tent, and a $7.99 Cheerios book. The mother also asks that the gifts do not have her son's name on them, claiming that personalised goods attract kidnappers. Email has been viewed more than a million times on Reddit, with web users voicing their outrage.
Josh Hamilton, 33, filed for divorce from his wife, Katie, in late February in Tarrant County, Texas, where he played for five seasons with the Texas Rangers before moving to LA. The couple, who have four daughters, have not listed the reasons for the split and only cite 'conflict' Katie will appear on the 10th season of The Real Housewives of Orange County when it airs this summer and has custody of the couple's four daughters. Hamilton is not allowed to see the girls without supervision, according to court records. He self-reported a relapse earlier this
Fidel Castro was last seen in public in January 2014 at the inauguration of an artist's studio. Cuban media reported that he met with Venezuelans in Havana on Monday and shook hands with them for 'hours' He was said to be 'full of vitality' and talked about how Venezuela had become a target of 'imperial greed'
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall married a decade ago at Windsor Guildhall. They are spending their 10th wedding anniversary privately at Birkhall in Deeside, Scotland. Royal biographer Penny Junor says Camilla's role has changed dramatically since then. She is now patron or president of 85 charities, joint patron with the Prince of four.
Maurice Thibaux stormed the catwalk at Sydney's Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week on Sunday night. The 67-year-old French native was trying to make a complaint about the noise being made at the event. He claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead. Mr Thibaux said he was'very sorry' to have disturbed the show, which finished at 7pm.
Vincent Stanford, 24, was arrested at the Leeton home on Wednesday night. He is accused of the murder of Stephanie Scott, who was due to marry him in October. Police allege they found blood in his Toyota Hilux, a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys inside the property itself. Neighbours said the family have lived at the property, which is on the market for $179,000, for 'around 13 months' The modest fibro home, built in 1960, shows signs of wear-and-tear, with uneven
Thousands of protesters met in capital Seoul to call on officials to raise the Sewol. The 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on April 16 last year. Most of the victims were high school students and 295 bodies were recovered from the wreck. Nine victims remained unaccounted for when divers finally called off the dangerous search of its interior last November. President Park Geun-Hye has pledged to 'actively consider' raising the ship. But senior government officials said the salvage operation would cost £68million.
Roxy Wallace, 50, struggled with depression after secretly wanting to live life as a woman. She had become a full-time carer for her husband's autistic son William, nine. But the pair never really bonded and Roxy put up a wall between herself and William. In October 2013, she told her wife of 20 years, Jo, 44, that she was transgender. With Jo's full support, Roxy started on the journey of gender reassignment. The couple, who married in 1994, are now in a lesbian relationship. William adores'mummy Roxy
Larry Upright, 81, of Kannapolis, North Carolina, hated Hillary so much she made it into his obituary. 'We did it solely to do something nice and honorable for our dad,' said his daughter Jill McLain. The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's infamous Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City, Nevada.
Viv Nicholson and her coal miner husband Keith won £152,319, 18 shillings and 8d on the Littlewoods Pools in 1961. She famously announced that she was going to spend, spend, spend Viv was so poor that she couldnt even afford a pair of tights for the press conference, and had to borrow her sisters.
Paul Tudor Jones II, the founder of Tudor Investment Corporation, bought the Casa Apava estate in Palm Beach, Florida, last week for $71.2m. The Mediterranean-style seven-bedroom, 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access, as well as a tennis court, movie theater, swimming pool and gym. It comes just two weeks after he gave a TED talk in which he warned that increasing inequality in America could spark a revolution. Jones, 60, has an estimated net worth of $4.6 billion, according to
Johnny Manziel has been released from rehab after entering a facility on January 28. The Cleveland Browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team, which begin on April 20. According to ESPN, Manziel was 'doing great' in rehab, and had the full support of his team. This after Manziel's partying had been a topic of conversation since his rookie season began last July, with some worried his drinking was a priority.
Heidi Bretscher, 28, was running the Rock N' Roll Raleigh Marathon in Raleigh, North Carolina earlier this month when she got lost. She was so far ahead of the pack it wasn't clear to her which way she was meant to go. At mile 19, she was leading the women's race by about 30 minutes but ended up running around a lake that wasn't even on the course. Despite her detour, she still managed to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59, nine minutes ahead of her closest competitor.
Customs officials found 55 snakes, 35 lizards, seven turtles, six lemurs and two monkeys. Two baby crocodiles died on the journey from Jakarta to Moscow and all the survivors appeared terrified. Suspect claimed she had bought the animals for £130 in a market in Indonesia. She denied intending to sell them on the black market, claiming they were 'for future breeding' Trading in exotic animals is a lucrative business in Russia, where private zoos are de rigueur.
Brian Klawiter posted a message on his company's Facebook page on Tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business. 'Homosexuality is wrong, period. If you want to argue this fact with me then I will put your vehicle together with all bolts and no nuts and you can see how that works,' he wrote. Critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an Indiana pizzeria over $840,000 earlier this month. The businessman claims he was taking a stand for conservative Christian values and amongst other issues, he is also
Richard Kerr, 53, said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in Belfast to London. Claims he was abused by politicians and other Establishment figures at Dolphin Square and Elm Guest House, which are now under investigation by Scotland Yard. Account provides first clear link between three alleged major VIP paedophile rings that operated in London and Northern Ireland.
Tiburor Racsits, 42, had gone to pick up his daughter Kiara from the movies at Charlestown Square in Newcastle, north of Sydney, on Sunday night. The father and his 13-year-old daughter were attacked by a gang of 25 teenagers. He was dragged across the road by at least three young men before being kicked in the stomach and head. His daughter can be heard screaming as she runs to help, but she is pushed from behind by a young girl and slams face-first into the concrete. Both were treated at the scene for minor injuries, but
Chair was on first class promenade deck when liner sank after hitting iceberg in 1912. It was found bobbing on surface of Atlantic by crew of the Mackay-Bennett. Ship's log book records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had worked on board. Has since been owned for 15 years by an English Titanic collector who kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast.
A dog on death row will for the first time in history have its case heard in the High Court of Australia. Condemned Staffordshire terrier Izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in August 2012 after escaping from her owner Tania Isbester's backyard in east Melbourne, Victoria. The woman who Izzy bit suffered a 1.5cm to her finger on August 4 in 2012, which is deemed as a'serious injury' under the Domestic Animal Act in Victorian law. Knox City Council has refused RSPCA South Australia's offer to rehabilitate and rehome Izzy
Prince Harry is taking part in exercises with Royal Australian Artillery troops in Darwin. The 30-year-old is due to leave the British military in June after 10 years' service. He is currently in Australia for a month-long attachment with the Australian 1st Brigade. Harry has been participating in day-to-day soldiering activities and physical training sessions. His attachment will continue after Gallipoli commemorations in Turkey.
Kyle Schwartz, a third-grade teacher in Denver, Colorado, devised a lesson plan last month called 'I wish my teacher knew...' She asked her students to write down one thing they wanted to tell her, but wouldn't normally in the classroom situation. Schwartz shared some of the notes on Twitter, and soon teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson plan and posting their own results online.
Bob Heslip, 50, suffers from Neurofibromatosis type 1, or NF-1, which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body. Has joined the Venice Beach Freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady and America's smallest couple. 'When I met the performers, there was a feeling of belonging. I felt at home,' Heslip said.
Nearly 10,000 Edwardian felons are listed in the UK Midlands criminal register providing fascinating insight into the murky underworld of Birmingham's metropolis more than a century ago. Offenders came from a variety of backgrounds, such as metal cutters, grease merchants, labourers and hawkers. Many had aliases - suggesting criminal careers - while others had scars or physical handicaps, ranging from cut marks on faces, broken noses and missing fingers.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court on Monday. The two Australian's lawyers are now seeking a constitutional court review to make clear the president's obligations. They also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals. Attorney-General HM Prasetyo has declared the move by the pair's lawyers as a delay tactic.
Judy Murray left newlyweds to it as they took to the floor at reception. Former Strictly Come Dancing star often failed to impress judges with her efforts. Andy Murray and Kim Sears married at Dunblane Cathedral in Scotland on Saturday. Judy's mother Shirley Erskine, 80, said wedding had been 'fantastic' and 'wonderful'
Professor Ninian Peckitt, 63, was operating on a patient at Ipswich Hospital. Patient A had a broken cheekbone and required a second operation to correct it. Prof Peckitt said he was trying to re-position the cheekbone when he punched the patient. Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service panel found his fitness to practice was impaired. He was 'erased' from the medical register after the hearing in Manchester.
Lobster Pound and Moore in Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, kicked off a debate when it announced that it would no longer allow'small screaming children' into its dining room. Commenters began giving the restaurant's Facebook page one-star reviews and said that they would never again set foot in his restaurant. The restaurant later posted an apology on the page, saying that the 'hate and threats' the owner had received prompted him to reconsider his policy. It said that it chose the 'wrong words' for its post and that it 'will take any belly that is hungry'
Summer Elbardissy, 19, was partying at Beta Theta Pi fraternity house last September. Tried to reach makeshift roof deck at Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut. But instead of making it onto deck, she fell out of third-story window, according to police reports. Rushed to hospital with traumatic brain injury, brain swelling and broken skull and pelvis. Had to relearn how to walk, swallow food, brush teeth, get dressed and wash herself, it is reported. Seven months on, she is reportedly still recovering from fall and has filed lawsuit.
Charles Kingham, 86, and Pauline Moore, 68, have been together for 40 years. They bought their home in Mablethorpe, Lincolnshire, for £35,000 in 1987. But it became a 'living hell' after it was converted into an offender's centre. Vandals smashed windows with stones and pelted their home with eggs. Thugs even splashed cooking fat across the walls and path. Couple have both suffered health problems as a result of the ordeal.
Reality TV star, 34, was pictured dining in non-kosher restaurant with husband, rapper Kanye West, and Jerusalem's mayor, Nir Barkat, on Monday. Following the outing, Mr Barkat posted a photo of him and the famous couple on his Twitter page, writing that he had joined Kanye and Kim 'to toast and celebrate hosting them in our beautiful city' However, the next day, only Kanye and the mayor were pictured in the photo, reprinted in an article on the ultra-Orthodox news site, Hakikar. Kim, meanwhile, was obscured by a copy of
Golfer Russell Henley was en route to the Master's tournament in Georgia this week. His golf clubs were lost by United Airlines - the official carrier of the PGA. The golfer tweeted his frustration to the airline and they quickly returned them. He is not the only one to have had a less-than-ideal experience on a flight. Kim Kardashian, Colleen Rooney and Maisie Williams have also had less than ideal experiences. Naomi Campbell flew into a rage when her suitcases were not loaded onto her plane.
Pre-orders begin April 10 at 8:01 a.m. BST through the Apple Online Store and the Apple Store app for iPhone and iPad. Customers who pre-order their Apple Watch can have it shipped for delivery beginning April 24. Apple Watch goes on display around the world on 10 April and people can try it for the first time from tomorrow.
Three vehicles collided on the Brisbane Valley Highway, south of Fernvale, on Wednesday afternoon. Emergency crews found one person trapped inside their vehicle and Queensland Fire and Rescue crews used hydraulic cutting gear to free them. The Rescue 500 helicopter then landed at the scene and airlifted a number of patients to hospital. Police said the highway would be closed for a few hours with diversions in place.
Survivors said the two-deck vessel 'flipped' after a commercial ship was spotted. Men on the deck ran to one side, the sudden movement and weight pitching them into the sea. Women and children were trapped and died as water surged in and the boat turned upside down. Italian coastguards said today that no more had been found alive.
Sales and charter brokerages are kept busy with outrageous requests. One client had a week's worth of fruit and vegetables flown from France to the Maldives. Another wanted to have a party on a deserted island for 80 friends and family members. Some owners have built classrooms on board and hired teachers for around-the-world voyages.
Jörg Düsterwald, 49, is a well-renowned body painter from Hameln, Germany. He has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years and uses his skills in TV adverts. In 2008 he was awarded the German brush-painting champion at a national competition. The photoshoots take several hours to complete and are heavily planned.
Prime Minister says Tories will offer discounts of up to 70% to 1.3million families. National Housing Federation says subsidy will cost taxpayers £5.8bn and is worth £100,000 to each family. Labour says policy has 'unravelled' and claims just 479 council homes were sold off last year. But the Home Secretary Theresa May insists it is affordable and will give families the chance to live in a home they own.
The CH-53E Super Stallion landed on the shore of northern San Diego County shortly after 11:30am on Wednesday. A low oil-pressure indicator light went on in the cockpit. The 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores. It is the largest and heaviest helicopter currently being used by the U.S. military.
Psychologists at New York University have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'emotionally neutral events' that gain significance through subsequent experience. Study focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli, such as evocative imagery or traumatic events. Researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events, like a lunch date. This is because emotion affects activity in certain brain regions. Strong emotion can strengthen memory for positive events, such. as a surprise birthday party thrown by close friends, and for negative. events,
The world's best golfers gathered on the eve of the Masters on Thursday to take on a nine-hole course, often with their wives, girlfriends or kids as caddies, as part of the Par 3 Contest. Tiger Woods showed up to the event at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with his two children, Sam, 8, and Charlie, 6, and his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn, who was dressed in a floor-length, spaghetti strap gown. Vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a Louis Viutton purse and a diamond-encr
If you know where to look and when to book you can save thousands on travel deals. Jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates. Airbnb, HomeAway and VRBO have changed the way we holiday, and paved the way for exclusive rentals. Getmyboat.com is the Airbnb of the yacht world.
Driver ploughed into Colin Kay's Citroen Picasso on A586 in Great Eccleston, Lancashire. The 72-year-old was left with bruises and wife Krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder. Collision was captured on Mr Kay's dashcam which showed how he had no time to react. Lancashire Police say investigating officer went off sick and case will not be prosecuted. Mr Kay says it is 'disgusting' that the case was not picked up by another officer.
Just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research. Just 11 per cent of research funding into the UKs leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia, research has found. The outlay on stroke research is little better, with 19p allocated from each £10. In comparison to cancer and coronary heart disease they are still poor relations.
More than 2,200 Walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores for 'extensive' plumbing repairs. Workers at two Texas stores, as well as in California, Florida and Oklahoma, were notified only a couple of hours before they lost their jobs. Almost 550 people lost their job at the Pico Rivera store in California alone. Walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another Walmart location.
Conchita van der Waal, 46, worked at the Dutch Central Bank for eight years. During that time she offered a range of 'kinky' sexual services to clients for £300 an hour. Her website shows provocative images, including one of her wearing an SS cap. The bank confirmed it had fired her over 'integrity issues' after the story was revealed. She could face further action if she fails to register as a prostitute or abide by tax rules.
Scottish Nationalists threaten to paralyse UK government by blocking any bit of spending they do not agree with. SNP deputy leader Stewart Hosie said the party would be entitled to vote against any bit of legislation He said that the SNP could vote against so-called Parliamentary estimates, which authorise Government departments spending commitments. Senior Conservatives warned that SNPs threat to veto public spending across entire departments could even lead to a US-style government shutdown.
British Veterinary Association withdraws support for shooting of badgers in culls. Two four-year pilot culls in Somerset and Gloucestershire should be completed by trapping badgers. BVA said it still supported badger culling to tackle tuberculosis in cattle. Environment Secretary promised to roll out more culls across country if Tories win election.
Tony Blair Associates signed deal to advise Colombia on mining industry in 2013. 34page contract for a year was signed between government and Blair's business network. It included carrying out a'stocktake' of mining deals and contains at least 10 clauses on confidentiality. Contract also includes a requirement that his wife Cherie join him on trips to South America. Blair last week denied being in the 'league of the super-rich' and said it pays for his 'infrastructure'
Dr Mark Porter, head of the British Medical Association, said whoever wins election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges. All three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the NHS should be free at the point of use. Critics will say that if GPs had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade, there would be much more money around.
Chelsy Davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a London restaurant launch. The 29-year-old wore a white layered chiffon top paired with flattering navy trousers. She paired the outfit with tan woven ankle-strap heels and a croc-print clutch bag. Davy was seen laughing and joking with friend, Irene Forte, at the launch party.
Yaphank, Long Island was home to a pro-Nazi camp where children could fish, swim, hunt and learn about things like eugenics. In the 1930s, Yaphank was a haven for Americans--most of them of German heritage--who sympathized with the causes of the Third Reich. The FBI once noted that the town had 150 to 300 children who 'used to wear a uniform like that of the Hitler Youth in Germany' The German American Bund organized military demonstrations where they waved both the American and Nazi flags.
Sue and Charlie MacDonald lost their son Gareth eight years ago. Gareth was killed by his boyfriend of eight years, Glen Rycroft, in September 2007. Rycroft had been conning friends and family out of thousands of pounds. He was jailed for life in 2009 for murdering Gareth at a Travelodge in Salford, Greater Manchester. The MacDonalds are still dealing with the loss of their son eight years on.
Andrea Trunfio, 36, and Mario Bretti, 64, argued over a disputed site in Swindon. Pair clashed as they drove their ice cream vans away from Ridgeway Farm housing site. Mr Bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before blocking him with his van. He then got out and threw a flurry of punches at the 64-year-old through the driver's window. The incident took place on a scorching day in July last year when temperatures hit 25 degrees.
The monster vegetable weighs more than a three-year-old child and measures 1.2 metres long. It was grown by keen gardener Mr Li in Eshan in Yunnan Province without the help of any fertilizers. He explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday.
The Californian start-up, which is rumoured to be backed by rapper Snoop Dogg, has just raised $10 million (£6.7 million) so that users can find the perfect medicine in more states. The sale and possession of marijuana for medical and recreational use is legal in Alaska, Colorado, and Washington, with legalised personal use pending in Oregon and Washington DC. Eaze claims to be aimed at people using the drug for medical reasons, to relieve arthritis pain, for example, making the process of buying drugs less risky for customers. Eaze
Ex-Scottish Secretary said talking up SNP threat was'short-term and dangerous' Sir John will say Labour deal with SNP would mean higher taxes, more debt and fewer jobs. He said Ed Miliband would face a 'daily dose of blackmail' from SNP's Nicola Sturgeon. Comes after the SNP unveiled its manifesto in Edinburgh yesterday. It included massive spending increases, new taxes and the end of Britain's nuclear deterrent. Treasury analysis suggests the package would cost taxpayers £148billion over five years.
Jason Lee, 38, a former managing director at Goldman Sachs, was arrested in August 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her. Lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $100,000 bail. Prosecutors said Lee was celebrating his birthday at Georgica restaurant and lounge in Wainscott when he invited the woman and her friends back to his rental home for a pool party. The woman, a then-20-year-old Irish student said that once at the house, Lee undressed, forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor.
Denise Fedyszyn, 37, from Holmfirth, West Yorkshire, tipped the scales at 20st 4lb. She was mortified when she was told in front of her children she was too large to go on a fairground ride with her daughters Anya and Isla. The mother-of-two joined Weightwaters and changed her diet and took up exercise. After just 12 months, Denise has shed half her bodyweight and now weighs in at a little more than 10st.
Hilary Mantel's second novel Bring Up The Bodies has been renamed Wolf Hall II. Author has revised Mike Poulton's stage adaptation of her Tudor novels. Booker Prize-winning author has cut 'a lot of repetition' to create tighter, better play. The original British cast of the play will be returning to the U.S. for a run on Broadway.
Adam Leheup met his alleged victim on the 'Let's Date' mobile phone app. The 34-year-old architect met the woman at Waterloo Station on July 9, 2013. They went to Gordon's Wine Bar, Embankment and had two bottles of wine. Leheup missed his last train home to Hersham, Walton-on-Thames, so the alleged victim allowed him to come home with her to her flat in Camden during the early hours of July 10, 2013, Blackfriars Crown Court heard. He has pleaded not guilty to raping the 25-
Bilal Skaf has been attacked by fellow inmates at Goulburn Correctional Centre. A '33-year-old inmate' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital. In 2002, Skaf was sentenced to 55 years' jail for his part in a series of gang rapes in Sydney's southwest. He was one of 14 mostly Muslim Lebanese Australians who went on a four-week rampage of raping Australian women and teenage girls in Sydney in the lead-up to the 2000 Olympics. The gang members, aged between 13 and 18 years, lured the girls from shopping centres and train stations
Prime Minister's wife wore £185 emerald green wrap dress by London-based label The Fold. Wore it to Conservative Party's manifesto launch in Swindon this morning. Looked every inch the First Lady of British politics as she sat next to George Osborne. Cameron promised voters 'the good life' in cradle-to-grave Tory manifesto.
Leaj Jarvis Price, 24, allegedly shot dead by husband Eric Heath Price, 25, in doctor's office. She ran into the surgery in Jemison, Alabama, screaming 'call the police' on Monday. He then returned to their home and staged a standoff with police for several hours. When they fired tear gas into the house, he came out with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Price has since been charged with murder; his condition is unknown. On day of the shooting, Price apparently posted on Facebook: 'I'm sorry everyone, its been real, good bye and
The Oak Bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour in just a day or two. The product is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur Joel Paglione. It is the smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made You decant a bottle of wine into the oak bottle, leave for up to 48 hours. Your supermarket bottle of plonk should suddenly taste like a posh wine.
Services by West Coast Railways suspended following incident on March 7. Train failed to stop at signal and collided with First Great Western high speed train. Network Rail said it was the'most serious' case of a near collision so far this year. The nationwide ban by Network Rail is the first since privatisation, indicating the gravity of the incident.
The driver, known as Salim, is accused of molesting the woman in Jaipur, Rajasthan. The 20-year-old woman and her friend filed a complaint to police on Friday evening. Salim, from Todabhim in Karauli district, has been arrested and is being held in custody. His arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in India against tourists.
Cyril Smith took the party whip for four years in Parliament and was feted as a Lib Dem grandee in the years before he died. Mr Clegg was accused on a radio phone-in of having 'washed his hands' of the issue by refusing to order a party investigation into Smith. He insisted there would be no inquiry despite revelations in Saturday's Daily Mail.
Brandy Savelle and Tony Gervasi have had Caesar for about two years. He wandered off from their home in Ispheming, Michigan, on the weekend. The family tried to find him, and followed some tracks in the soft grass. A day later, a Department of Natural Resources officer showed up at their door. Claimed he shot the pig because he felt threatened while on the loose. Officer said he believed it was a feral pig, since it had no markings. Family are trying to get Caesar's body back, but have been told they can only take possession of
Google has released an update to its Android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice. Known as trusted voice, it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say 'OK, Google' The voice unlock feature has not been officially announced by Google, but has begun to appear on some Android Handsets. However, even Google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options.
Yulia Tarbath, 33, from Surrey, exercised twice a day and ate 30 pieces of fruit a day. Mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy. Took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone after giving birth. Said there's 'no excuse to be fat in pregnancy' adding that carrying a child 'is no excuse to pig out'
Thirty-one people were arrested blocking access to the construction site for the $1.4billion Thirty Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii. Protesters say that the mountaintop, where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past, is on top of sacred burial ground land. Native Hawaiian leader has called for a 30-day moratorium on construction. Game of Thrones actor Jason Momoa, who is native Hawaiian, said that the demonstrators were 'protectors not protesters'
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall said he supported Father Paul Kelly's calls for the Homosexual Advance Defence to be removed from Queensland common law. The defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim 'came on' to them, and the killing was in self-defence. 'Whenever people feel threatened, there is a natural human tendency to react out of fear,' he said.
A Pew Research Center survey found that 92% of US teens go online daily - and 25% admit they are online constantly. That includes 56% who are online several times a day and 24% who say they are connected to the Internet and social networks 'almost constantly' It also revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use - with Instagram and Snapchat being popular with children from wealthier families.
Savannah Guthrie, 43, discussed an Australian father's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday's show. Nathan Dailo, a father from Sydney, posted a video to his YouTube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son Seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper.
North Sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished for decades. Experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species. Consumers were told to eat gurnard after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s. But the industry has recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006. The exact cod stock figures remain unknown due to a severe lack of scientific data.
Kefalonia was the setting for Louis de Bernières's novel Captain Corelli's Mandolin. The 2001 film adaptation starred Nicholas Cage and Penelope Cruz but focussed on negative events. Kefalonians were not wholly thrilled to bits by either the book or the 2001 film. It has some nice beaches but it has been tarnished by tourism of the cheap and nasty sort.
Clair Schuler, who goes by stage name Cici Ryder, met Robert Durst in early 2000s. He said he was not fooled by Durst's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality. Schuler said that Durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos. 'When you saw him in drag honey, eww, it was not pretty. It was blue eye-shadow and red lips, not pretty,' said Schuler.
Ukip's education spokesman Paul Nuttall appeared in party's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a vintage hard-back picture book called 'British Rebels and Reformers' The vintage hardback is listed on Amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942. Mr Nuttall later took to Twitter to joke about the allegations, insisting he just had 'two copies of every book' Bizarre row capped a day of confusion for Ukip after immigration spokesman Suzanne Evans appeared to contradict her own border policies.
Quincy Hazel and Sabrina Golden-Hazel, both 44, from Riviera Beach, Florida, have been charged with two counts of child neglect with great bodily harm. The children, a 17-year-old boy and a girl, 12, told investigators they were locked in a closet for days on end and forced to eat from a bucket. When they were let out, the boy was so hungry that he would eat trash, which sometimes made him sick, and he had to endure beatings at the hands of Hazel, they said. Hazel said he never noticed the children had any
Luke Shambrook, 11, has been going to the Candlebark Campground at Lake Eildon National Park, northeast of Melbourne, since he was just one year old. His parents revealed he has a'real sense of belonging' at the camping spot. A desperate search for Luke in the park was mounted after he disappeared from the campground on Friday. The hunt ended on Tuesday when a police helicopter guided on-ground searchers to Luke's location. He was found just three kilometres from where he went missing at the national park. Doctors said on Wednesday they are stunned
The dog has the body size of a border collie, the snout of a labrador and the eyes of a beagle. It also has the soft fluffy ears of a King Charles spaniel and the tail of an Irish Setter. A third of owners want their dog to have a short, low-maintenance coat like an English Bulldog. Londoners are more likely to opt for a small and lap-sized dog than a larger retreiver. Those in East Anglia prefer Great Danes over tiny dogs like Chihuahuas.
Madison Small, from Ashburn, Virginia, left school early on Monday and, after she woke up in the night with a severe headache, she was rushed to hospital. On Friday, the Loudoun County Health Department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis, which causes the membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell. It is the school system's first confirmed case in two years. Hundreds of friends and family gathered for a candle-lit vigil at Broad Run High School on Tuesday evening to remember the talented softball player.
Oliver Pareece Jones, 37, was last seen at a Walmart on Foothill Boulevard on April 5 around 8.45am. The father of five from Colorado was visiting California after traveling from Las Vegas. He was captured on surveillance camera checking out of the Four Points Sheraton hotel at 6.26am and took out $800 in cash before stopping at Walmart. Jones, who owns a pecan business in Chihuahua, Mexico, has not been heard from since.
Phil Haste, 60, was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car. But he has a valid car parking permit on his dashboard and is refusing to pay the fine. Government abolished paper tax discs on October 1 last year. Torbay Council said it was not their policy to issue fines for road tax offences.
Geoff Johnson, 37, and his younger sister Jennifer McShea, also 37, have returned to their mother's home in Omaha, Nebraska, 20 years after they left it. Their mother, a compulsive hoarder, died of breast cancer in 2013 and the house was handed to them. They were inspired to create a moving photo-series with their own children to document the reality of being a hoarder's child. The crumbling house is so unsafe, and their feelings so raw, they opted to use Photoshop and superimpose the children onto the images.
Iona Costello, 51, and daughter Emily, 14, have been missing for almost three weeks. The pair were last seen on March 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of Greenport. Their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in Manhattan, but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts. Relatives of the 'quiet Irish family', who own a horse farm on Long Island's North Fork, reported them missing on Tuesday. Mrs Costello had been 'under a lot of stress' because of a legal battle with four of her late husband's adult children
Chlorine gas was carried by favourable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions on April 22, 1915. Some 1,200 French soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack. On Tuesday the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields. The global weapons watchdog is also investigating allegations the gas was used to carry out fatal attacks in Syria.
Kelli Jo Bauer, 45, was arrested at her Kansas City home. Undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes. Bauer, who lives in a $900,000 home, had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women's clothing on Facebook, including dozens of fake designer handbags. She has been accused of theft.
Karen Buckley vanished after a night out in Glasgow at the weekend sparking a police search. The 24-year-old's body was found yesterday at High Craigton Farm, north of the city. Her parents Marian and John Buckley today joined hundreds of mourners at a vigil. A man, believed to be Alexander Pacteau, 21, has been arrested in connection with death. He made a brief appearance in a private hearing at Glasgow Sheriff Court today.
Hengshui No.2 Middle School is an 'exemplary school' in Hebei Province in central China. With nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers, the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement. Two pupils from the school plunged to death, one in October and one in March. Web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building.
British brand's sales up 10 per cent for six months to the end of March compared to last year. Ponchos and scarves have helped boost profits at British prestige brand Burberry. Models including Victoria Beckham, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Sienna Miller and Sarah Jessica Parker have all been seen wearing the £1,000 monogrammed versions. Chief financial officer, Carol Fairweather, described the impact of the poncho as 'phenomenal'
Secretary of State John Kerry said Washington would not accept foreign interference. He said the US would not'stand by' while Iran supports Shiite Houthi rebels in Yemen. Comes as a Saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in the country. Pentagon has started daily aerial refuelling for warplanes in the coalition.
Council inspectors found shocking state of hygiene at The Steer Inn in Wilberfoss, East Yorkshire. Food in kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date. Owner David Crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations. Raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items.
Agent Arthur Baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30am on Friday on a residential street in south-eastern D.C. by the Metropolitan Police. He has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property. The agency revoked Baldwin's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest.
Hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals, plastics and chemicals. Nicole Bijlsma, CEO of the Australian College of Environmental Studies, said the chemicals are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin. A recent study of four major discount retailers in the United States by the Ecology Centre found 133 out of 164 products tested contained at least one hazardous chemical 'above levels of concern' Bromine is known to permanently affect developing brains and present reproduction problems in those exposed to it. Studies have found that chlorine causes cancer as well as thyroid and kidney disease.
Margaret Penny and Claire Acocks were brutally murdered in a hair salon in Portland, Victoria on May 3, 1991. Margaret's husband Robert Denny, 83, has been charged with two counts of murder. The 83-year-old, of Malvern East, has spoken out since he briefly appeared at Melbourne Magistrates court on Monday. 'It's been hanging over my head for a year and it's not having a very good effect on me. Not knowing anything about it, really, and to be charged with a double murder - what the hell would I want to murder someone for
The 58-year-old actress, who took a leave of absence from Broadway play 'Fish in the Dark' earlier this month, shared the news through a statement published by People magazine on Tuesday. The mother-of-two explained that she recently underwent a breast biopsy, but no sign of cancer was discovered until she sought the opinion of a second doctor on the advice of a friend.
New policy allows for an American traveler who has been denied boarding a commercial airliner to petition the U.S. Transportation Security Administration once to find out whether he or she is on the no-fly list and a second time for an unclassified explanation. In some cases, the government will not be able to provide an explanation because of national security concerns. The changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government's counterterrorism efforts since the September 2001 terror attacks.
Mary Murphy, 66, and John Wood, 67, died after falling down the stairs. She is thought to have tried to grab hold of Mr Wood when he stumbled at the top. But she slipped herself and the pair fell to their deaths at their home in Failsworth. Police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious, but believe it was a 'tragic accident'
Two traffic police officers were standing on the hard shoulder on the M5 in Gloucesteshire. They had pulled over a driver they suspected was speeding on Sunday night. Pair then spotted a caravan speeding towards them with its back window wide open. The two officers spotted the open window and dived out of the way with seconds to spare. Caravan driver was unaware that the window had become loose and opened and was made to close it.
Remains were discovered in a cardboard box by street cleaners in Trujillo, Peru. Cleaner Otilio Padilla Miramontes, 54, said he 'nearly died of a heart attack' when he opened it. The mummified remains were wrapped in rope and dumped in a box in front of a dig site. Police believe the remains were stolen from the city of Chan Chan, capital of the Chimu Empire.
Joan Ashton, 81, lives alone at Aneurin Bevan Court in Duffryn, Newport. Her son, Steve, visits her regularly and says she is well-looked after by carers. But he found a 'terrible' serving of baked potato and corned beef in a fridge in her room. Other substandard meals to have been served include a lasagne 'full of oil', he said. Mr Ashton is now campaigning for changes to be made to ensure better standards.
Bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday's Bournemouth Bay Run charity event. 300 runners missed junction point and continued past unmanned marshall point. They had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 followed correct route. Bournemouth Borough Council has appealed for those affected to contact them.
Wedding dress choices have become so varied over the last few years. They fall into very distinct camps - short, boho, quirky traditional and more. Zeenat Sabvur from the wedding planning website says brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses.
Steve Smith, 52, grew up helping his father run a stall at Bilston market in West Midlands. He then opened his first Poundland shop in Burton-upon-Trent at the age of 18 in 1990. Ten years later, he sold the company for £50million and gave his parents £25million profit. Today, he lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in Shropshire with swimming pool and snooker room. But he still receives 'pocket money' from his wife Tracy, with whom he has three children: Joe, Ashley and Katie.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will star in ITV's new comedy spoof show, Newzoids. Other royals to feature include Prince Harry, Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall. Six-part series will also feature Wayne Rooney, Beyonce, Harry Styles and Paul Hollywood and Mary Berry.
Property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by just 1.5 per cent. London will fare the worst, with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year. Follows last years record price hike of 17.4 per cent  in the capital. Economists said the housing market had got ahead of itself last year.
One ship - HMS Ocean - had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency'medevacs' At least one woman was airlifted from HMS Illustrious, which was nicknamed 'HMS Lusty' Eighteen other ships - including HMS Dragon, HMS Enterprise and HMS Richmond - had emergency evacuations. Ministry of Defence confirmed there was a strict 'no touching' rule in place at sea, which suggests the women conceived before boarding the ships or during leave.
Jessa Duggar announced she's expecting her first child with husband Ben Seewald, 19, on Tuesday. 'We're expecting!' the 22-year-old 19 Kids & Counting star told People. 'We are so excited. The due date is November first, our wedding anniversary' The announcement does not come as much of a surprise to fans as in late March an image of the two was uploaded to Facebook that suggested they could be expecting. Ben was holding his wife's stomach in a pose typically struck by couples who are about to share they're planning for a little one.
The home, dubbed 'PV14,' also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people, a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of White Rock Lake. Matt Mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed. The ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors.
DIY kits allow people to carry out their own fillings and repair caps and crowns. One of the biggest sellers of first aid kits is DenTek who sell around 250,000 products a year. More and more people are said to be turning to kits as they can't afford NHS treatment. The price of receiving filling by a NHS dentist in England is as much as £52.
KFC's questionnaire contains a total of 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from'strongly agree' to "strongly disagree' The questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations. Head of Human Resources, Robert Phipps, assured it was designed to rank the thousands of applicants that apply fo jobs with the company. He estimated that only one third of applicants make it through to the interview process, with employee referrals being 'our number one method of recruitment' Daily Mail Australia has been told that applicants can easily fail the test.
Severe weather warnings were issued by the Bureau of Meteorology on Sunday. It's the worst storm to hit the NSW coast in a decade, but no warning was given that it was going to be this bad. Emergency services admitted on Tuesday they were shocked by the severity of the storm and that their teams were overwhelmed by a weather system that changed very rapidly. Weather balloons can now only be used in a limited number of places because of budget cuts, so theres not as many going up every day which means we dont get the same data as before.
Frank Abagnale was played by Leonardo Di Caprio in 2002 film Catch Me If You Can. He worked as a conman in the 1960s posing as a doctor, airline pilot and lawyer. Abagnale, now 66, has spent the last 50 years working with the FBI on fraud prevention. Says westerners are underestimating the extent of identity theft by digital fraudsters. Recent theft of details from 80 million Americans revealed by Anthem insurance company.
Pippa, 31, was seen out jogging in London for the second time this week. The younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from London to Brighton in June. She showed off her toned legs in a pair of Adidas shorts which are up for grabs to buy.
Jamyra Gallmon, 21, has been charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing David Messerschmitt, 30, on February 9 at the Donovan Hotel. Her roommate - and alleged girlfriend - Dominique Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and is accused of being an accomplice. Gallmon stole just $40 and the victim's Metro SmarTrip card, according to a police affidavit filed in court on Thursday. Johnson was charged because she knew Gallmon was going to rob him. She also allegedly accompanied Gallmon to CVS to buy the zip ties used to tie the
More than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water. Workers had rushed to clear the lake, using nets and baskets to scoop them out. Others were sent to spread 2.5 tons of edible salt to try and restore the chemical imbalance of the lake. The lake had been turned into a commercial fish farm in 1996.
Andrew Barr was Principal of The Geelong College, south-west of Melbourne. He was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his office. The school council launched an investigation, which included a search of his computer. Chairman Dr Hugh Seward said the matter was a serious breach of the school's standards. Mr Barr has since tendered his resignation.
Lib Dem leader urges his rivals to help stop Salmond from'strutting his stuff' in Westminster. Former Scottish First Minister hopes to make a return to Commons as MP for Gordon. Polls suggest the Lib Dems face near-wipeout in Scotland, with senior figures including Danny Alexander under threat from a surge in support for the SNP. Mr Salmond has chosen to stand in Gordon constituency, where veteran Lib Dem Sir Malcolm Bruce is standing down.
Raymond Allen, 87, opened the first franchise in Preston, Lancashire, in 1965. He met Harland 'the Colonel' Sanders during a meeting in Chicago 50 years ago. Mr Allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe for the chicken. It is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices and is closely guarded.
Bones were found fused to the walls of a cave in Lamalunga, near Altamura, in southern Italy. Analysis of DNA extracted from the bones suggests they belong to a Neanderthal. They belong to an adult male who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago. Over the thousands of years that followed, the body decayed and the remaining bones gradually became incorporated into the stalactites left behind by water dribbling down the cave walls. DNA is the oldest to ever be extracted from a Neanderthal and the researchers now hope to further analyse
Friedrich Brandt, 23, was a Hanoverian hunchback who trained in Bexhill-on-Sea. He was killed by Napoleon's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs. It took three years of intense research and a little luck to pin-point Brandt's identity. A piece of wood carrying the initials CB, and the date 1792 as well as 20 German and French coins amounting to a month's wages and an iron spoon proved crucial.
Researchers have found that bird species are continuing to drop in Fukushima. The barn swallow, for example, dropped from hundreds to dozens. This is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall. And comparing it to Chernobyl could reveal what the future holds.
Billions of barrel jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of Devon and Cornwall. Jellyfish are the largest species found in south-west England and can grow up to six feet. Experts believe they have been attracted by warmer waters and a lack of predators.
Xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in Puglia region. It contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region's olive oil production last year. Its spread has so alarmed the EU that France announced a boycott of Puglian fruit and vegetables. The effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil.
Jessica Howard, 23, denounced 'night stalker' Clive Howard, 57, for his assaults. She told him that the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words. Howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes, one attempted rape and three kidnappings. He prowled the streets of Cambridge and Norwich looking for victims.
Foreign Office looking into reports two Britons were among six passengers on flight. Accident is believed to have happened at about 8.15am in Punta Cana region of Caribbean island. Single-engine Piper PA-32 crashed shortly after take-off in east of the island today. Four of the passengers were tourists from Spain and two were from Britain, local police said. Pilot was attempting to make emergency landing when plane struck ground in golf course.
Luke Harris and Daryl Lee, from Surrey, had their first child three months ago. They welcomed daughter Willow-Star after surrogate Viktoria Ellis gave birth. Baby number three is being carried by Bexs sister-in-law Becky Harris. Mr Harris and Mr Lee will have completed family of three within seven months.
Duchess of Cambridge wore £195 mist-blue cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons. Seraphine has been her label of choice during her two pregnancies. Online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since Duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits. Fans draped in Union flags and carrying balloons have already set up camp near the Lindo Wing at St Marys Hospital in Paddington.
Labour leader insists SNP MPs would not be able to dictate policy if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in Number 10. Comes after Nicola Sturgeon said Labour could only govern with SNP support. She demanded an end to government cuts, higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a Labour government. But speaking to the BBC tonight, Mr Miliband rejected claims the SNP would be 'calling the shots' if Labour did not have a majority. He refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs, crime and the
Abraham Lincoln was shot in Ford's Theatre in Washington D.C. on April 14, 1865. The red, worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at Dearborn's Henry Ford Museum and displayed in an open plaza on April 15. Two days earlier, it will be onstage when Lincoln expert Doris Kearns Goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at The Henry Ford. Many visitors wonder whether dark spots on the back of the chair are Lincoln's blood. But historians at the museum say that the stain is oil from other people's heads who sat in the chair before Lincoln.
Claim was made by the commander of Russian Space Command. Oleg Maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk. But in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse. The official refused to comment on how many such satellites there were, and which countries were operating them. It suggests there could be more satellites than thought monitoring different countries on Earth.
Thaddeus McCarroll, 23, was killed outside his Jennings home on Friday night after he allegedly charged at police with a knife. St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar said at a news conference on Saturday that he'refused to listen to them and charged at them' His mother told police her son 'was talking about going on a "journey'"and a "mission" and mentioned a "black revolution,"'according to police. The mother said he was walking around the house with knives and a Samurai sword. Police say they shot him with an 'less lethal impact weapon
Passengers were due to leave Lisbon for Bristol at 7pm on Tuesday night. But lawyers slapped court order on the ship over an 'unresolved' and 'historic' financial wrangle. Legal dispute was between owners Portuscale Cruise and one of that company's former staff. Harbour master then refused to let the ship leave the port and passengers arrived back in UK 19 hours late.
Susan Farmer, 37, from Eddy, Texas, weighs 43st (605lbs) and was told by doctors to lose half her body weight or face early death. Despite knowing she has an eating problem, Susan is seen piling junk food into her tolley. At her heaviest, Susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time. Her mother Nita dotes on her daughter and does all of her washing, cooking and cleaning.
YouGov poll of more than 2,000 Britons revealed we consume 17 cups of tea each week. Research showed that our tea-drinking habits increase as we get older. Almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better when they are unwell. Younger people are more likely to turn to the kettle when feeling down.
The mysterious Antarctic BW29 signal was recorded near the Orkney Islands, South Shetland Islands, and Antarctic Peninsula by scientists led by Jennifer Trickey of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, in La Jolla, California. Experts have recorded the noise more than 1,000 times to conclude that its unique in the composition of sounds making the signal and in timing. There are 22 species of beaked whale and all of them are elusive deep divers, meaning that they are most often identified by their songs, which they use to
Mumia Abu-Jamal, 60, is serving a life sentence for killing Philadelphia police officer Daniel Faulkner. He collapsed in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy last week. Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in Philadelphia wrote to him. Teacher Marilyn Zuniga allowed the children to pen 'get well soon' letters to the killer. She has apologised for publicising the efforts of her pupils online, but said they wanted to write to him in prison. Zuniga has been suspended from her position while officials investigate
Bill Dudley has worked at McDonald's in Mold, Flintshire, north Wales, for nine years. He joined the fast-food joint after growing 'bored' pottering around the house. 'It helps me stay young and I just keep going,' says the 90-year-old great grandfather. His special day on Wednesday was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away.
Carlos Manuel Perez Jr, 28, was allegedly pitted against Andrew Jay Arevalo, 24, in fight. Trainee corrections officer allegedly waded in and fired four times in a row, killing Perez. Lawsuit alleges wrongful death, excessive force and negligent training and supervision. Perez was serving a four-year sentence for hitting a man with a two-by-four.
Stéphane Charbonnier, known as Charb, finished the book just two days before being murdered by jihadist gunmen. Argues left-leaning intellectuals who denounced cartoons in the satirical magazine were ridiculous demagogues for doing so. Charb asks why Islamophobia, which technically means fear of Islam, is being used by activists, media and politicians to denounce hatred of Muslims and wonders why Muslimophobia is not used instead, or simply racism
Temperatures are due to rise throughout today peaking at 22C (72F) tomorrow. That is 11C warmer than the UK April average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7C (69F) on Easter Sunday in Aberdeenshire. Forecasters expect the UK to see high temperatures until the weekend - while yesterdays national maximum was 19.3C (67F) in Usk, South Wales. Clear skies, lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern Europe will create glorious weather.
Oklahoma has legalized killing death row in-mates with nitrogen gas. The gas is pumped into a chamber full of nitrogen and left to die from lack of oxygen. It has been touted as 'foolproof' by supporters, in the wake of botched lethal injections. Executions in the state are currently on hold while the Supreme Court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by Oklahoma is constitutional.
Reconnaissance unit is moving from Robertson Barracks in Swanton Morley to Catterick, North Yorkshire, in the summer. More than 4,000 well-wishers, including hundreds of school children, lined the route to cheer on the departing troops. The Light Dragoons were first given permission to march through Dereham with their bayonets fixed in 2009. They will hand over their barracks to another unit in July after more than a decade in the county.
Five million people are expected to suffer hayfever symptoms this summer, up a third from last year. Symptoms include streaming eyes, incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat. By 2030, there will be 31.8 million sufferers as the situation is set to worsen. Dr Jean Emberlin, a leading pollen expert, told MailOnline that a 33 per cent rise in the number of sufferers could occur, 'depending on weather conditions' She said pollen is becoming more potent, and greater numbers of plants giving off the allergens is also contributing to
Aracely Meza, wife of Pastor Daniel Meza of the Iglesia Internacional Jesus es el Rey Church in Balch Springs, Texas, was arrested on Monday. She has been charged with injury to a child by omission and is being held on a $100,000 bond, police told Daily Mail Online. The boy, identified by a witness as Benjamin, is seen in the video being held in the arms of Meza as she prays and invokes Jesus to bring him back to life. A witness said Benjamin was possessed by demons, according to pastors, and that he
Sergio Barrientos-Hinojosa was arrested late Saturday. Police say he got into an argument at a gas station and started shooting at another customer. No one was injured. The boy's father allegedly threw the gun down the street and threw it into a yard of a family's house.
Hamilton College in Clinton, New York, was placed on lockdown this morning in response to a bomb threat and reports of a possible shooter on campus. Campus officials said someone called in the threat and the threat of a shooting at Kirner-Johnson Building before 10am Monday. Police evacuated McEwen, Milbank, Babbitt, Cafe Opus and Schambach buildings while K-9 units were brought it to search the campus.
Munira Khalif from Minnesota, Stefan Stoykov from Indiana, Victor Agbafe from North Carolina, and Harold Ekeh from New York have all been accepted to Ivy League schools. The students are the offspring of immigrant parents who moved to America - from Bulgaria, Somalia or Nigeria. Now they hope to use the opportunities for good - whether its effecting positive social change, improving education across the world or becoming neurosurgeon.
Sculptor of the I Love Lucy statue in Celoron, New York, has called it 'by far my most unsettling sculpture' Six years after it was unveiled he has pledged to make a new one for free. But the statue of Lucille Ball - which was so offensive a Facebook page called We Love Lucy! Get Rid Of This Statue was launched - isn't the only offensive artwork that has missed the mark.
Hilary Border, 54, had power of attorney over her 83-year-old mother Dorothy's affairs when her health deteriorated. Mother-of-three was required to pay £300-a-week for her care but when it doubled to £600 the money was either late or stopped being paid at all. Care home staff tried to contact Border over an outstanding £16,000 debt over two years before reporting her to police. Border was sentenced to 16 months in prison, suspended for two years, at Nottingham Crown Court yesterday.
Primatologists at Iowa State University recorded 300 hunts by chimps in Fongoli, Sénégal, and found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of the observations. However, the male chimpanzees tended to capture larger prey and used their hands. The research may also provide tantalising hints at how humans first learned to use weapons to hunt. It suggests early female humans were perhaps the first to begin fashioning simple tools to help them catch prey.
Michael Brelo, 31, is charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of Timothy Russell, 43, and Malissa Williams, 30, in November 2012. He is the lone officer charged because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting. Brelo's attorney Patrick D'Angelo conceded that his tactics could be called into question given that he exposed himself to danger when he stepped onto the hood of a beat-up Chevy Malibu to fire 15 rounds into the windshield of the suspects' vehicle. But he insisted that Brel
Dell 'Super Dell' Schanze, 45, was sentenced to one year of probation on Friday after pleading guilty to knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird. His admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on Thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil, horrible person. Schanze was scheduled to go to trial on April 20 and would have faced a maximum of one year in federal prison and more than $100,000 in fines if convicted. The charges came after a federal investigation into
Robin Wright and Sean Penn met and married in 1989, shortly after his split with Madonna. The couple had two children, daughter Dylan Penn, 24, now a fashion model and son Hopper Penn, 21, an actor. Robin's acting career dwindled after her Golden Globe nominated role in 1994's Forest Gump. But she says she never considered giving it all up to raise her children. Now she's found acting success with her role as Claire Underwood in House of Cards.
Restaurateurs in the country are so angry with the US corporation they have said they will take them to court. The row erupted over an 18 second video advert advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a Happy Meal to a margherita pizza. A top pizza chef described the advert 'blasphemy' and the True Neapolitan Pizza Association has accused McDonald's of a'shameful' attack.
KFC opened up their kitchens to skeptics and fans alike on Saturday. The fast food giant hoped to dispel myths around the quality and freshness of their ingredients and prove their chicken was fresh and cooked in the kitchen of each store. However health experts warn consumers not to equate KFC's attempt to build customer trust through displaying respectable food safety standards and their message of 'freshness' with healthiness.
A mother was kicked out of Melbourne's Greatest Easter Egg Hunt after she took more than her fair share of chocolate treats. She was told by a 13-year-old volunteer she was taking too many eggs and she told the volunteer to 'f*** off' The hunt was run by Zaidee's Rainbow Foundation to raise awareness of organ and tissue donation. More than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on Saturday. Event organiser Allan Turner said gluttonous parents were a major problem at the event who took in additional
19th century Castle Toward, near Dunoon, was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as HMS Brontosaurus in 1942. Overlooking the Clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline, the castle was deemed an ideal training ground. Soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs, smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft.
Baby boy's body was found wrapped in a blanket inside a Sainsbury's bag in 1988. It was found floating on a pond in the village of Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk. Police exhumed the body last year as part of a periodical review of the case. A DNA sample eventually led them to his mother, who has not been named. She was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn and that she had concealed the pregnancy from her family and friends. The woman remains on bail while
Huma Abedin, 38, and husband Anthony Weiner, both wore baseball caps as they dined at the upmarket Tortaria restaurant in New York on Saturday. It is Abedin's second Mexican lunch in a week after she and Hillary Clinton dined in a Chipotle in Iowa this week. Weiner is the disgraced former congressman who was caught sending explicit images to women over Twitter.
Lawyers for Robert Durst say he got the money legally and it is not needed for evidence or subject to forfeiture in any of his legal proceedings. Durst was arrested at the JW Marriott hotel in New Orleans on a Los Angeles County warrant that accused him of killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000. His lawyers say the arrest in mid-March was timed to mesh with the finale of HBO's six-part series about Durst.
Mary Schuyler set a new world record and earned $6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes at the Big Texan Steak Ranch restaurant in Amarillo, Texas. Competitors had to eat three steaks, three shrimp cocktails, three baked potatoes, three salads and three rolls for a total of 15 pounds of food. Schuyler, a bartender and server at Applebee's in California, has been competing in competitive eating competitions since 2012.
Muhammadu Buhari said his government will do 'everything in their power' to find and return around 220 missing schoolgirls. Announcement came as a march was held through the Nigerian capital of Abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted. Almost 300 girls were taken away in trucks on the night of April 14 to 15 2014, after the terrorists from Boko Haram broke into their school by pretending to be guards. The students were forced to convert to Islam and marry group members.
Photographs taken with the very first'secret' handheld camera will go on display at the State Library on Saturday. The Detective Camera was produced between 1883 and 1887 using a dry negative which was already loaded into the device. It was the first time people were confronted with the idea of being photographed or observed on the streets without their knowledge. 'Pesky snap shooters' were the reason people initated early talks about surveillance and privacy. People from the Flickr community helped identify landmarks and other details in the photos.
Jake Castner, from Ballarat in Victoria, went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest in relation to an alleged string of thefts. On his fourth day on the run he boasted on the social media site: We dont talk to police! But on Monday morning Victoria Police say they arrested and interviewed Castner 'in relation to burglary and theft related offences' The troubled teenagers Facebook page is littered with drug references including offers of bud for cash and an image of him appearing to smoke a glass pipe.
Tommy Thompson led an excursion to the vessel, known as the Ship of Gold, which sank off the Carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold. The 62-year-old and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins, much of them later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $50 million. He was accused of cheating his 161 investors, who paid $12.7 million to find the ship, out of the proceeds. Thompson and his girlfriend Alison Antekeier, 42, failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their Florida mansion
Christopher Furniss-Roe was found in his bedroom by his father just 15 minutes after row. His father Jason desperately tried to save his son's life but he died the next day in hospital. A coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying the eight-year-old was looking for'sympathy and forgiveness' after the row.
Susan Monica, a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern Oregon, went on trial on Tuesday in Medford. She has been charged with killing two handymen living on her 20-acre pig ranch in a small Jackson County community and dismembering the bodies. Both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart. Police searched her pig ranch last year after Monica was caught using one victim's food stamps card.
The first four episodes of the fifth season of Game of Thrones were leaked online on Saturday. They are titled The Wars to Come, The House of Black and White, High Sparrow and The Sons of the Harpy. Episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on Saturday night. HBO's hit series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world. First four episodes downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early Sunday morning.
People with sleep apnoea saw mental decline more than a decade earlier than those without. US researchers results suggest onset of Alzheimers might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems. At least half a million Britons suffer from condition, typified by heavy snoring. Condition causes muscles in airway to contract during sleep, cutting off air supply.
Kyle Hargreaves was caught kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance. Paramedics had been called to an address in Grimsby, Lincolnshire, for a 92-year-old man. They returned to find the pair lying on top of each other and kissing. When confronted by paramedic Michael Newman, 18, said: 'What's your problem? We are just trying to have sex' Teenager then punched Mr Newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle. He was jailed for two years and eight months at Gr
Carwyn Scott-Howell plunged 160ft to his death in Flaine, France. State prosecutor Pierre Yves Michau said it was a 'tragic accident' The family, from Talybont-on-Usk, Wales, were enjoying their last run of the holiday when Antonia fell. Carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area. His mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return.
Boeing 787-8 was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to Cancun when it landed. Plane, carrying 278 passengers, was met by six police cars on landing in Bermuda. Bermuda Police confirmed two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behaviour.
Since its construction in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1895, Holmesburg Prison has housed some of the country's most dangerous criminals. Its 101-year history was filled with violent riots, bloody beatings and most shocking of all - the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates. Haunting images published in 2011 proved that doctors used the jail to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled American citizens. Nearly two decades after its closure in 1995, all that remains of the prison is cracked paint, crumbling hallways and empty cells.
René Dee watched as his wife Eileen, 68, slipped away just days after catching the infection. She had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton. Several hospital rooms, including Eileen's, were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Raw sewage was also discovered coming up from the shower drain in the room next door to Eileen. Mr Dee is now suing the hospital for clinical negligence.
The 29-year-old woman, named by local media as Samantha or Amanda, was chased by police through the Pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car. Officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door. The blonde woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage, who hurled abuse and tried to attack her.
Jade Wimsey, 24, from Yorkshire, guzzled up to seven cans of energy drinks a day. Spent £11,000 on her high-sugar habit in just four years and ballooned to 17st 6lb. Her weight made her the victim of cruel jibes by male customers at the bar she worked at. She was even humiliated for her size by bullies on Facebook. In September 2013, she joined Slimming World, began a healthy diet and cut out energy drinks.
Department of Transportation set up U.S consumer advisory group set up by the Department of Transportation. Government happy to set standards for animals flying on planes, but doesn't stipulate minimum amount of space for humans. Tests conducted by the FAA use planes with a 31 inch pitch, a standard which on some airlines has decreased. United Airlines has 30 inches of space, while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches.
Muhammad Naviede, 60, was jailed in 1995 for nine years for a £45million fraud. His Piper Tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near Padbury in Buckinghamshire. He sent a text to a relative shortly before crash saying: 'I'm in a plane out of control and it's going down' Air Accident Investigation Branch said the message was 'unusual' as plane did not enter a spin until after it was sent. The experienced pilot had also tried to call the same relative before writing 148 characters within 25 seconds in a text - something the AAIB said
Labour leader admits his party has been 'too timid' in the past on immigration. Warns that for communities to live together they must have a shared language. Pledges crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers, promising a Home Office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers. But Tories say there is nothing in his plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to Britain.
Lord Neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the traditional dress. He said they should'show, and be seen to show' respect towards different customs. Judges should be'sensitive' to fact they are usually from'more privileged sector of society' He also said privileged judges should be aware of their'subconscious bias' Comments came in an address to the Criminal Justice Alliance last week.
Abedin was Clinton's deputy chief of staff when she ran for president in 2008 and was her 'body woman' when she was secretary of state. She shadowed Hillary everywhere and anticipated her every need  from food orders and dry cleaning to lint rollers and cosmetic touch-ups. On Tuesday she was photographed leaving a Norwalk, Iowa fruit processing company and walking toward 'Scooby,' the now-famous customized black van that Secret Service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since Sunday. Hillary and Huma last surfaced on Monday at an Ohio Chipotle restaurant when she and Clinton
Glynis Barber is remembered by many as the glacially beautiful half of ITVs 1980s detective duo Dempsey And Makepeace. The actress has changed what and how she eats - and in the process, she says, transformed her health and her figure. Under the tutelage of nutritional therapist Fleur Borrelli, Glynis has changed her diet. She has co-written a book with her, The In-Sync Diet, in which she shares their discoveries.
A year after he launched his own app and made headlines, Leo Grand is still homeless. Grand created Trees and Cars after Patrick McConlogue offered him a deal: $100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons. He picked the latter, and was also provided a laptop, office space and coding books. The app is no longer in online stores because Grand does not want to pay for its server space. Trees for Cars only made Grand between $10,000 to 15,000 dollars.
The FBI told the 9/11 Review Commission that the report was 'unsubstantiated' The commission was set up by Congress last year to look into evidence not considered by the FBI. An FBI agent claimed that a Saudi family had'many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks' Mohamed Atta, the leader of the hijackers, and two other terrorists on the flights, Marwan Al-Shehhi and Ziad Jarrah, all reportedly visited the Sarasota home owned by the Saudi advisor at points before they carried out the attacks. The family of Abdulaziz al
Aldi has requested the ability to make employees work more than 38 hours in a submission to the Workplace Relations Productivity Commission. The Transport Workers' Union's National Secretary Tony Sheldon condemned the requested change to the Fair Work Act. Mr Sheldon accused Aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom. He said the chain had tried to'strip workers of their rights'
London Mayor was mobbed and kissed by fans as he toured Ramsgate, Kent. Told reporters he 'profoundly and passionately' hopes to stop Ukip's Nigel Farage winning seat. Joined Tory Craig Mackinlay, who is defending majority of 7,600 in South Thanet. Nigel Farage has vowed to quit as Ukip leader if he fails to win the seat.
Ex-Army tank driver Ian Gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago. The 60-year-old is suing his employer after he was nicknamed 'Hoppy' by a colleague. He claims he was subjected to 'horrible harassment' while working at Heathrow Airport. Mr Gibson joined the company as a plane refueller in December 2007, three decades after being medically discharged from the British Army's Parachute Regiment. His job involved kneeling down, removing a manhole cover and connecting the fuel pipe to refuel planes.
A virtually cloud-free satellite image from the European Space Agencys MetOp-B satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine. Parts of Scotland and Wales experienced the warmest temperatures today, with highs of 16.6C in Achnagart, north of Fort William and 16.4C in Pembrey Sands, Carmarthenshire. Thousands flocked to the beaches in Brighton which to enjoy the sunny weather and highs of 14.9C. Forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the Mediterranean
Nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from Atlantic Ocean. Ship's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in Halifax, Nova Scotia. One was given by a crew member to Captain Julien Lemarteleur, who had previously worked on board the Mackay-Bennett. It has been owned by a British collector for the past 15 years.
Chris Rowe, 31, visited doctors five times in two months with an irritating cough. He was told he was most likely suffering a simple virus, despite coughing up blood. After noticing a dull ache in his ribs, and coughing up more blood, he was taken to A&E. An X-ray revealed an aggressive lung cancer that had spread to his liver and bones. The cancer is inoperable, but Mr Rowe is undergoing chemotherapy to prolong his life. His wife Kate is due to give birth to their second child, a boy, in June.
The Fenerbahce team bus was attacked near the city of Trabzon on Saturday night. The bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital. None of the players or club officials were reported to be injured. Lukaspor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was substituted with a suspected heart problem. Fener went top of the Super Lig table after a 5-1 win over Caykur Rizespor.
We Are Handsome will debut their first Active Swim range on Tuesday night in Sydney. Models will include Sjana Earp, Kate Kendall, Amanda Bisk, Juliet Burnett, and Lindy Klim. This industry first in Australia comes only days after France passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in Paris Fashion Week.
Carwyn Scott-Howell was skiing with his family when he became separated from his mother. He is believed to have got lost in woodland and fell over a 164ft drop in the French Alps. Search teams said they followed the boy's footprints and found his final steps broken up by'sliding marks' Carwyn's family said he'made life full of laughter with never a dull moment' and his death has left 'a vast void in their hearts'
Baby was found in the ladies' toilet of a burger bar in Chengdu, Sichuan province. She was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta when workers found her. A woman who had been seen visiting the toilet was established to be the mother. Yuan Yen, 34, refused to look at her baby or talk to police and was arrested.
Ukip leader was expected at a farm in Staffordshire to attack government. But organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car. Farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the M4 after he missed an event charging supporters £25-a-head to meet him. He is under pressure to show his election campaign is on track after polls showed a slump in support in Ukip.
Princess Mary, 43, visited a farm in Kirke Hyllinge, a village in Zealand, Denmark. She was joined by her three youngest children, Princess Isabella, seven, and twins Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent, four. All four crouched down to pet a tiny Holstein Friesian calf and tried their hand at milking. Visit was part of Denmark's annual Eco Day celebrations, which began last week.
FBI chief James Coney introduced the tests amid fears over expanding waistlines. He said the force depends on its agents' ability to 'run, fight and shoot' Those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review. New recruits to the FBI have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam.
Historic Carlton Tavern was bulldozed by developers without warning last week. Landlady Patsy Lord was told by owners to close for an'inventory' but returned two days later to find the pub, built in 1921, was no longer standing. It was the only building in its road not destroyed by bombs during the Blitz but did not survive developer CLTX Ltd, which was denied planning permission to turn it into flats. Red Dwarf actor Danny John-Jules, who played The Cat, blasted the bulldozing as 'another nail in the coffin' for the community.
The FBI and NYPD said on Wednesday that a reward of up to $115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the March 2008 bombing at the Times Square military recruitment station. Authorities said the device was built using an ammunition can commonly found on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan. 'It was filled halfway with black powder and detonated using a time fuse,' the law enforcers said.
Katie Cope, 17, said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman. Police repeatedly refused to give her an estimated time for their arrival. She had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter after the thief became abusive towards other customers and kept trying to leave. When police finally got to the vintage store, they said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute.
Mehmet Selim Kiraz, 46, was taken hostage by far-left group last week. He died in hospital after six-hour stand-off with Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C), which is considered a terrorist group by the EU and US. Court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and 'deeply upset' the wife and children. A British national, of Polish origin, was arrested on Saturday, according to reports.
Tyler Grant, a junior at the University of Texas identifies as gender queer and sometimes wears women's clothing. Video footage posted to Twitter from early on Sunday morning shows a restaurant manager telling Grant and a friend not to enter the fast food restaurant because Grant was dressed in 'inappropriate attire' Austin, Texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality. Grant believes the restaurant was discriminatory because of Grant's gender identity.
Celebrity chef will present Simply Nigella on BBC2 for first time in three years. Show will focus on 'a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating' First time she has appeared on BBC since Charles Saatchi court case in 2013. She was forced to reveal details of her own past drug use during the trial of her ex-husband. Nigella's return is just one of a number of new commissions for the station today.
Melon-headed whales were found on a beach in Hokota, 60 miles northeast of Tokyo. Coastguards and volunteers worked nonestop to save the creatures on Friday. They poured water on the animals to stop their skin drying out and carried them back to sea. But some were being pushed back onto the beach by the tide soon after being released. Rescue operation was called off as darkness fell and it was too dangerous to continue. Scientists say they are not sure how the dolphins ended up on the beach but believe they might have got lost.
Kent Sprouse, 42, was sent to death row for a 2002 shootout at a Ferris, Texas, convenience store that killed police Officer Harry Steinfeldt III and customer Pedro Moreno. Sprouse is scheduled to be executed about 6 pm Thursday in Huntsville, more than 150 miles southeast of Dallas, by lethal injection. The process is expected to take 15 to 30 minutes at most. He would be the fifth inmate executed this year in Texas.
Lord Stevens was deputy commissioner of Met Police from 1998 to 2000. Allegedly failed to hand over key information to the Macpherson Inquiry in 1998. Watchdog probe stems from complaint from Stephen's father Neville Lawrence. Complaint concerns a letter in which he said no officers were under investigation for corruption. But sources close to Lord Stevens said he was vindicated last year by Mark Ellison QC.
Wigry National Park, in north-east Poland, is the furthest outreach of the Masurian Lakes. The area is unspoiled, but it is exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits. Jane chose the region for an active holiday with her teenage son. She found a refreshing simplicity to this pretty corner of Poland.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, after spotting him at a casino. She befriended the poker player, who showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants. But after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked. Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson and his friend Nicholas Chandler, both 28, tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings. Police found damning mobile phone footage of Granger and the men laughing and throwing around £
Ogle-2014-BLG-0124Lb was detected by the Spitzer Space Telescope and the Ogle Warsaw Telescope in Chile. Most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer than this one. The planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing. This happens when one star happens to pass in front of another, and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star's light. If foreground star has a planet in orbit around it, the planet might cause a blip in the magnification. These blips
Officers from Police Scotland's Edinburgh division posted pictures on Facebook. Figures show criminals attempting to break into homes before being arrested by officers. They are accompanied by a Scots dialect poem giving advice and safety tips. But victims branded the move 'insensitive' and 'a joke' as break-ins soar by 40 per cent. Police Scotland defended campaign, pointing out photos have been viewed 350,000 times.
Paul Bakewell, 35, from Walsall, West Mids, asked partner Tara Barber, 32, to marry him. Hairdresser was driven to the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a meeting. Billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple from their relationship. Paul got down on one knee and proposed to Tara, who said yes and said it was 'the best day of my life'
The Australian Charities and Not-for-profits Commission has revoked Get Rid of Sids Project's charity status. The organisation is run by prominent Brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner Stephanie Messenger. Earlier this year, the group organised events featuring Sherri Tenpenny, who was forced to cancel due to threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists' The decision was effective from April 1 and the organisation had 60 days to appeal.
Francis Pusok, 30, was seen riding a stolen horse through the desert on Thursday. He was pursued by deputies in San Bernardino County, California, who Tasered him. When he tried to flee, they stun him with a Taser and he fell to the ground. As he lay splayed face-down on the ground, they beat him with their fists and stun guns. By the end of the two minutes, there were eight deputies surrounding and kicking him.
The four-bedroom property in central London's Farm Street has all the trappings of modern luxury. One hundred and fifty years ago it was used to house cows for milking on one of London's busiest trading streets. Originally used as a milking parlour, it became a depot before being knocked down in the 19th Century. In 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place.
Phylise Davis-Bowens, who attended Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, for their 'transformative leadership' program at the age of 37, is suing her former college. The 42-year-old alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 Karat Gold dancers in 2009. She said she lost 16lb in a month but was still denied an audition. After around a year, she had lost a total of 60lb. A university spokeswoman told Daily Mail Online: 'We are currently investigating this matter'
UN officials say procedure should only be carried out when medically necessary Just over a quarter of women giving birth in England now have a caesarean. This includes a growing number of women who are very anxious about giving birth naturally. Experts say figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent.
The man was spearfishing off Jupiter Inlet when he was bitten. The bull shark took a bite out of his back, torso and head. He was airlifted to St Mary's Medical Center's trauma unit. An update on his condition wasn't immediately available.
Josiah Duggar, 18, started courting Marjorie Jackson, 17, on April 6 - the same day his sister Jill, 23, gave birth to her son Israel David. The pair will have to follow the Duggar family's strict rules of courtship, which require the couple to go on chaperoned dates, with side hugs the only permitted form of physical contact.
Shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt was visiting primary school in Derby. Asked year six pupil who he would vote for in next month's election if he could. Youngster said he wanted to get 'all the foreigners out the country' Labour MP was left gobsmacked and said he was'surprised' by the statement. Ukip spokesman said the boy had been 'drinking in propaganda' from rivals. Mother of the 10-year-old said she has now explained 'it isn't about being foreign' But she added: 'I do personally support an Australian points
Jack Black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved one fan has set up a Facebook page for him with over 450 members. He often pops into peoples houses, goes with them on the weekly shop and has even joined them for Christmas dinner. Jack was hand-reared by a vet as a chick after being discovered with no feathers, before being released into the wild.
MoD accidentally published details of Falklands aerodrome on their website. The Aerodrome Manual has exact GPS co-ordinates and information on concrete depth. Details could be used as 'an invasion guide' by Argentina to attack the islands. MoD admitted the manual was available on the internet but the link has been disabled. Comes as Argentina is preparing to lease 12 Suhkoi SU-24 long-range bombers from Russia.
English supermodel Stephen James Hendry has landed in Sydney. The 24-year-old is one of the most in-demand models in the industry. He has lucrative contracts with Calvin Klein and Diesel under his belt. Hendry is currently working on a new campaign with Windsor Smith.
Chris Copeland, 31, and his wife, Katrine Saltare, 28, were stabbed during an early-morning argument after they left a popular New York club on Wednesday, according to reports. A 22-year-old man, Shezoy Bleary, allegedly interrupted them as they argued outside 1OAK in Chelsea just before 4am. When Copeland told the man to back off, Bleary allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete's abdomen and elbow. He then turned on Saltare and stabbed her in the breast, buttocks and arm, sources said.
Pupil Xiao Gao, from Fujian Province in south east China, has not spoken a word in five days. The water had been laced with perfume and chalk dust as part of a prank. Medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water, perfume and dust - while nasty - should not have caused that type of damage. Gao is now awaiting further medical examination as well as appointment with psychologist.
Ashley Dodds, 29, visited the Red Hot World Buffet in Manchester. She ordered a non-alcoholic Sweet Kiss'mocktail' for her daughter Dennon. But staff accidentally served her a drink with vodka in it. Restaurant bosses blamed the incident on Ms Dodds for leaving her daughter alone while she went for a cigarette.
Footage shows best friends Carmarie and Kanya sat buckled into the device at the Indy Speedway park on Panama City Beach, Florida, over the weekend. At the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams. Both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force, with their eyes glazing over and rolling back. When they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes.
Two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on Wednesday. Robert Cusanelli of Boston's WHDH-TV was banned from the Bristol County courthouse and was told he was not allowed to drive a vehicle for the 'purpose of reporting this case' The station was told to 'investigate' the matter before reporting back to the court. The 12 jurors spent a combined nine hours deliberating on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Incident occurred while plane was being prepared for journey from Delhi to Jaipur. Air India insists the altercation was limited to a verbal argument and there was no physical violence. Reports suggest captain was assaulted after asking co-pilot to record take-off figures. Incident comes at a sensitive time for the commercial aviation industry.
In 84 days from November 2013 to January 2014, the area around Azle, Texas, shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes. Now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground. This adds to other studies that linked injecting wastewater from energy wells to a tremendous jump in earthquakes in Oklahoma and southern Kansas. Findings come amid heightened debate over oil and gas regulations, including efforts in some communities to ban drilling.
Richard III was described by William Shakespeare as a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' But a 3D reconstruction of his spine shows 65 to 85 degrees of scoliosis The condition would have developed in his early teens and would have barely affected his appearance or prowess on the field of battle. Tailoring and specially fitted armour probably helped to disguise the curve in his spine. It was only after his death at the battle of Bosworth that his physical shape was made public.
INXS guitarist Kirk Pengelly and his surfing champion wife Layne Beachly won their case against a neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home. The couple's neighbour, Wendy Goyer, claimed her'small but charming view' would be obstructed if Mr Pengilly and Ms Beachley's addition was built. Warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in August 2013. In a letter to the council Ms Goyer said the sea views were a major reason she invested in the property.
Justice Diana Bryant has spoken out about Australia's surrogacy laws. She believes that commercial surrogacy should be legalised in Australia. The top judge said that Australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother. This week an Australian couple were slammed after they left a baby boy born to their Indian surrogate with his mother after she unexpectedly gave birth to twins. They returned to Australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind.
The data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times. It landed in five continents and 22 countries within just two weeks. Some activity had connections to crime syndicates in Nigeria and Russia. Last year, 783 data breaches were reported in the US, representing a 27.5 percent spike over the previous year.
Amelia-Jane Harris, 20, used to weigh 27st 10lbs and was a size 32. She was bullied at school and called 'Fatty Bum Bum' by school bullies. By 17, she was vomiting 10 times a day and couldn't keep anything down. Was diagnosed with Crohn's disease, a long-term condition that causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive system. Lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six but says it is a 'nightmare' Says she is in constant pain and can barely keep food down and cannot enjoy
Nearly half of Britons believe Camilla should become Queen Consort when Charles accedes to the throne. But 35% believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to Diana, Princess of Wales. When Charles and Camilla became engaged in 2005, only 7% thought she would be Queen. Half of those polled believe that Camilla does a good job of carrying out her duties.
Kyle Iveson, 24, held up Thorougoods in Clitheroe, Lancashire, with a 12in knife. He threatened shop assistant Karen Brown, 54, with the knife while trying to hide his identity. But she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police. Iveson was jailed for three years at Preston Crown Court for the robbery.
The comment was said while on a visit to Oklahoma City and is the first he's made about his wife's second presidential campaign. The former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign, which was launched last week, in Iowa and will move on to New Hampshire on Monday. Bill Clinton was in Oklahoma City to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people including 19 toddlers at the Alfred P Murrah federal building in 1995.
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star was arrested on April 16 following a drunken altercation at The Beverly Hills Hotel. Richards was charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting arrest and battery on a police officer. She is scheduled to appear at the Los Angeles Superior Court on May 10 following her April 16 incident. It has been reported that the former child star may be booted off the Bravo show as producers feel she has become a liability due to her issues with substance abuse.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old underwear model and animal rights activist from Los Angeles, came under fire last month for her trim and toned figure. The expecting mom-to-be has continued to share sexy selfies of her bump with her 1.5 million Instagram followers, earning her fans and critics.
Zookeeper Elad Hershkowitz, of the Zoological Center in Tel Aviv, filmed animals drinking on a GoPro camera. He placed the camera in the animals' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours. The 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes. In the clip the lion can be seen aggressively breaking the surface of the water with its tongue.
John Pat Cunningham, 27, was shot by the Army in a field in County Armagh. A 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in England. He is being taken to Northern Ireland for questioning at the police's Serious Crime Suite in Antrim. Mr Cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an Army patrol when he was shot.
Betty Johnson, 86, was a Kansas City Chiefs season ticket holder since 1986. She was known as 'grandma' by players and received a kiss from wide receiver Dwayne Bowe every game. The ailing mother-of-five daughters had been in hospice care since April 7, and her health had been deteriorating after breaking her hip in February. Her great granddaughter shared a photo of Bowe kissing her grandmother at a recent game on Twitter. Chiefs Hall of Famer Nick Lowery visited Johnson on Thursday and shortly after the visit, she passed away.
Pennsylvania state representative Kevin Boyle was at fundraiser in Philadelphia. Tonya Stack, wife of Lt Gov Mike Stack, 'flipped him the bird' then threw soda at him, he claims. Boyle and Stack are at the center of a political row over who will take over Stack's state senate seat.
Chen Yuntao, 38, has started dressing as a horse and begging on the streets. He asks passers-by to get on his back for five yuan - the equivalent of 54p. The family are already in huge debt after son Minghao underwent 20 course of chemotherapy for leukaemia, and now the cancer has returned. Next course of therapy will cost up to 500,000 yuan (£43,600 to £54,600)
Katie Hopkins has heaped praise on Tony Abbott's government for its success in stopping the boats, which was a key election plank. 'It's time to get Australian. Threaten them with violence until they bugger off, throwing cans of Castlemaine in an Aussie version of sharia stoning,' she wrote. The Sun columnist's comments have been slammed on social media. A campaign has been launched by social justice website Change.org to have her removed as a columnist.
Timothy Fradeneck, 38, was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two children on Wednesday. Fradeneck told a judge in court that he wants to plead not guilty by reason of insanity. The judge ordered him jailed without bond, and shut down the possibility of a not-guilty plea. Police discovered the bodies Monday evening at the family's home in Eastpointe, Michigan, after getting a call from the victim's sister.
Campaign video sees Dr Vivek Murthy and the Sesame Street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated and explain to children why it is so important. In what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners, Elmo and Dr Murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot. The campaign videos have been released in the wake of a measles outbreak that started at Disneyland in December, sickened 147 people in the U.S.
Commuters are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media as gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames. Workers have begun posting photos of their broken umbllas scattered in gutters and discarded in bins along with the hashtag #umbrellageddon. 'The umbrella graveyard. #sydney #takemehome,' Brendan Duong posted on Instagram after spotting two colourful brollies poking out the top of a Sydney bin. In Martin Place in Sydneys CBD, Uriel Blob posted a rainy photo of two broken and twisted brollies pointing
List of Islamic State's'religious punishments' published on a propaganda website. Includes death for anyone who insults God or blasphemes against Islam or insults messenger. Couples who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death for having sex before marriage. Those guilty of 'highway robbery' face crucifixion and offences such as drinking wine or 'calumny', making slanderous comments, each attract the punishment of 80 lashes. Homosexuality is also to be punished by 'death for the penetrator and the receiver' while thieves will have their hands severed from their arms
Jaime Singleton saw the baby elephant, Nadia, tied to a pole outside a restaurant at Marina Phuket Resort in December last year. The change.org petition has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago. Ms Singleton said she has been told by sanctuaries and animal rights workers in the area that the resorts don't own the elephants themselves, and they instead rely on private contractors who'rent' the animals out. World Animal Protection's Dr Jan Schmidt-Burbach said this sort of behaviour is a 'far cry from their natural lives in the
All 13 choristers at St Peter and St Paul Church in Lavenham, Suffolk, have now resigned. They quit en masse in'solidarity' over the sacking of music director Stephen Hogger. The 55-year-old was given notice to leave following an apparent falling out with senior figures. It will be the first time in 200 years that the church will be without a choir.
Chancellor refuses to rule out making further cuts for Britain's top earners. Those earning between £31,866 to £150,000 are taxed at 45 per cent top rate. At present anyone earning more than that is taxed at the higher rate of 40 per cent. But Labour want the rate to be lowered to 50 per cent for those earning over £50,000. Osborne says tax-free allowance will be increased from £10,000 to £12,500 under Tory plan.
Raffaele Sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie in Rome, Italy, two weeks after being cleared of killing British student Meredith Kercher. The 31-year-old and his former lover, American Amanda Knox, were both acquitted in late March. Both are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison. SolleCito was previously convicted of murder and sexual assault in December 2009. But Italy's highest court last month overturned the 2014 convictions and declined to order another trial. Meredith's mother Arline Kercher described the acquittal ruling as 'odd
The images were posted on social media under the title Leveling Graves And Erasing Pagan Symbols. Isis released a statement with the images that attempted to justify the mass desecration. It said that graves above the ground suggested that the dead person was closer to Allah than the living, so must be demolished and any images on the graves must be erased. Christians have suffered considerably at the hands of Isis, with many in Iraq and Syria forced to choose between leaving their homes, facing death or paying a tax on non-Muslims.
A 4WD containing four children and an adult has crashed into a lake at Wyndham Vale, in Melbourne's outer west. Three of the four children have died and one remains in a serious condition. The driver was transported via road ambulance to the Royal Melbourne Hospital. She is currently in a stable condition and police are yet to interview her. Locals are shocked as to how the car was able to get into the lake as it is 'pretty far from the road'
Richard Sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend Ashley Moss with their son Rayden on Instagram on Thursday. Rayden was born on February 5, just a few days after Sherman and the Seattle Seahawks lost the Super Bowl to the New England Patriots. In the most recent photo, which he posted to Instagram, Sherman and Moss are seen cradling Rayden, with the football star writing; 'Best part of Life' It was just announced the Seahawks would play the Denver Broncos in their first preseason game.
Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother. They include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee. Emily-Jane says: 'We have known our child for two days. We do not need a break from her'
Jafar Adeli, 32, arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young teenage girl. Married asylum seeker thought he was meeting a 14-year-old schoolgirl named Amy. But in fact he was talking to a member of paedophile vigilante group Letzgo Hunting. Adeli agreed to pay for 'Amy's' bus fare from Hinckley, Leicestershire, to Leicester. When he arrived at bus station he was confronted by police who arrested him immediately. He was jailed for 27 months at Leicester Crown Court after admitting grooming.
Handbag Clinic has opened in Chelsea to cater for well-heeled clientele. Set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair. Famous clients include Imogen Thomas and Made in Chelsea stars Sophie Hermann and Stephanie Pratt. One customer has £100,000 worth of bags on the service which costs up to £200.
A man has accidentally captured a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs. Jon Czerniecki set up trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents' farm. The footage shows the canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back. He has contacted Parks Victoria and the local council in hopes of tracking down the owners of the dogs.
Airline Visual Identity 1945-1975 is a 436-page book that revisits the golden age of air travel. The adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day, including Pan Am, British Overseas Airways Corp (BOAC) and Trans World Airlines (TWA) Many of the ads promote transatlantic or transpacific travel and glamorise destinations such as New York, Hawaii and London. Authors Matthias Huhne used 17 colours, five types of varnishes and two methods of foil printing and embossing to replicate their work as accurately as possible.
Copper coin, which is smaller than a penny, dates from the Iron Age almost 2,300 years ago. It was found in silt after the River Avon burst its banks between Bristol and Bath. Experts have dated the coin to between 300 BC and 264 BC and say it came from the Western Mediterranean - probably Sardinia or ancient Carthage. On one side there is a horses head, while the other bears the image of the goddess Tanit, the chief deity of Carthage, on the reverse. The find suggests that the village of Saltford, where the coin
Dawn Bainbridge, 47, of County Durham, led a 'family business' with her two daughters. They stole thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores across the North. Company 'Designer Goods North East' took more than £7,000 in online payments in four months. One daughter boasted of making £100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone. Bainbridge jailed for 30 months last year, Claire Bainbridge for 20 months and Caitlyn Bainbridge to 16 months.
Joanne Bolton was repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend. The 35-year-old thought she was going to die during the seven hour ordeal. Steven Young was jailed for 18 years after admitting attempted murder. Miss Bolton was left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches. She now suffers with mild brain damage and is scared to leave the house.
The 18-year-old is the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin and is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star Kendall Jenner. Hailey is the new face of Topshop denim, which's creative director Kate Phelan says the model has 'a twinkle in her eye' like Cara Delevingne. Fellow model Bella Hadid also appears in the May issue of Elle magazine.
Sharon Edwards, 55, was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on Saturday March 14 in Grafton, NSW. Her car was left parked in her driveway and clothes she had been wearing were thrown in the washing basket in her bedroom. There was no sign of forced entry at her home on the NSW north coast and it has left her family with many unanswered questions. She is not believed to have had any enemies, but as Ms Edwards has no history of mental illness police are treating the investigation as a homicide. The 'dedicated' primary school teacher did not turn up to work
Cancer that has spread and is incurable, known as secondary breast cancer, kills 1,000 women in Britain every month. Researchers from Manchester University working with drug development company Evgen Pharma, have developed a new combination of drugs which could overcome this problem. They are testing the drug Sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer. These oestrogen receptor cancers are currently tackled using hormonal treatments such as tamoxifen to reduce oestrogen levels or block ER function. Many women develop resistance and the disease comes back, often because cancer stem cells which
Survey of 757 parents was carried out by Mumsnet, the UKs largest internet community for parents. It found 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999. And 65 per cent said their children did not know the difference between 999 and 911. Campaigners say toddlers under the age of five should be taught how to call 999.
Swedish and British researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients. They found 500 women treated with tamoxifen had half the risk of their cancer returning. Caffeine and caffeic acid found to cause breast cancer cells to divide less and die more often. Study emphasised the importance of taking prescribed medication.
From 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10. The configuration was rejected by Emirates but two manufacturers, Zodiac and Geven, have agreed to deliver the seats. Airbus Vice President-Cabin Innovation and Design Ingo Wuggetzer said more innovation should be going into economy cabins.
Jason Warnock, 29, was driving Wednesday morning in Lewiston, Idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a fence. He then parked his car, ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver Matthew Sitko, 23, out to safety. Warnock chatted with Sitko for a few minutes, but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work. Since he didn't stop to give police his name, Warnock remained a mystery for nearly 24 hours as the photo of the rescue went viral online. However, he
You need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium (700mg) They are also rich in vitamin E, which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin. Two Brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of selenium. A 30 g serving provides around 2 mg: a woman needs 14.8 mg a day and a man 8.7 mg.
The Andaz Liverpool Street is built on the site of England's first mental hospital. The Bethlehem Royal Hospital opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as 'bedlam' In its place is a swanky, celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms. MailOnline stays in the One Day Walk room, which features a huge mural by Patrick Vale and Paul Davis. It's one of four rooms in the hotel which have been decorated by artists.
Kate Major Lohan has been arrested for a 'drunken attack' on her husband Michael Lohan after a heated argument on Thursday at their home in Palm Beach, Florida. Michael Lohan made a 911 call claiming his wife had struck him after coming home inebriated. Kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking, claimed Michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating.
Calgary mother Christianne Boudreau lost her son Damien Clairmont to ISIS last year. Damien converted to Islam at the age of 17 while he was having a hard time in high school. His interest in the religion took a turn in 2011 when he started growing his beard out and distancing himself from the family. Telling his family that he was going to Egypt to study Arabic, Damien left home in November 2012 and traveled to Istanbul where he attended a training camp and eventually crossed the border into war-torn Syria. The 22-year-old was killed fighting for ISIS.
Tykeran Hamilton, 25, borrowed a rented BMW 3 Series and drove it around Gloucester. He shouted 'watch this' before accelerating up to 70mph on residential road. Moments later, he crashed into Alan Knight, 64, who was on his morning paper round. Great-grandfather Mr Knight, a father-of-four, died instantly from his injuries at the scene. Hamilton has been jailed for 11 years for causing death by dangerous driving and driving without a license, driving without insurance and failing to stop.
Eve Addison developed a strange swelling in her collarbone after drinking gin. She assumed she must have an allergy - but when switching brands failed to help, she became worried when she developed night sweats and a rash. Tests revealed 24-year-old was suffering Hodgkin Lymphoma - cancer of the lymphatic system. Most common symptom of Hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck, armpit or groin. These swellings are enlarged lymph nodes - oval-shaped glands that help the body recognise and fight germs. About 70 per
Wylie Brys and his dad, Dallas zookeper Tim Brys, were digging for fossils near a grocery store when Wylie found the dinosaur bones. It's believed the bones belong to a nodosaur, a pony-sized herbivore with scaly, plated skin. The bones were wrapped in burlap and plaster to create a protective shell around the bones, like a cast around a human's broken bones.
Betty Willis, 91, died in her Overton, Nevada, home on Sunday. Her often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of Las Vegas Boulevard south of the Strip. The welcome sign's design, which doesn't have a copyright owner, has become a fixture on travel tchotchkes from Vegas and everywhere else.
Labour leader says a second independence poll 'ain't going to happen' even if he becomes Prime Minister with the support of SNP MPs next month. John Major warns SNP is 'waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on agenda' William Hague says SNP could be 'calling the tune' if Miliband becomes PM on the back of SNP support. He said: 'The people who want to break up the United Kingdom will be running the UK'
Catherine Gerhardt is the founder of Melbourne-based Kidproof Safety. She uses her experiences to educate adults and children on how to deal with online 'flamers' She teaches the children to follow ICE: Ignore, Communicate and Exit in order to deter bullies. An internet troll often trawls through social media, hunting for victims, while a 'flamer' waits for the victim to contact them and unleashes a hateful response.
Workers in Pingjiang County, Hunan province, are pictured building a mountain road thousands of feet up a mountain. They are perched on nothing more than rusty metal scaffolding poles as they hammer them into the mountainside to extend the walkway. Chinese officials hope that the road will draw thousands more tourists to the area, which is famous for its mountain scenery.
Rony John, 15, died after jumping into the River Great Ouse in Hartford, Cambridgeshire. He was with friends on the bank of the river when he dived into the water in July last year. When it was clear he was in difficulty, Rony's friends desperately tried to rescue him. But he was swept away by the current and his body was not found until the following day. Coroner said she would write to Government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education. She said: 'Swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet
Lidia Quilligana was arrested in Danbury, Connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl. She was also caught allegedly burning the legs, arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain. This after the girl's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl.
Kezzia French, 46, thought she had laid six-month-old Andrea to rest in 1999. But police had removed virtually all her vital organs from her body. Andrea's liver, spine, bowel, lungs, kidneys, heart, spleen, thymus, stomach, pancreas, trachea and skull fragments had all been retained at Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge, without Ms French's consent. Ms French will hold a second funeral for Andrea tomorrow.
Sienna Miller wannabees must measure 5ft 6in, have a 25½in waist and a high hip of 35in. They must also have a low hip of 36½in and be prepared to cut their hair into a messy bob. The successful stand-in must also be an expert in yoga and be able to do a host of poses. Casting call is for a female body double for Austrian water brand Vöslauer.
Reenactment MfS' - the Ministry for State Security - is a new book of pictures taken by East German secret police. They show East Germans caught trying to escape the clutches of the Communist regime and forced them to pose for their pictures. The pictures were used as evidence in show trials against those they caught and also as training for border guards. Photographer Arwed Messmer, who found them, says they were meant as 'evidence' in court cases. But he also believes they were also a form of humiliation to keep up the rule of law.
Drivers have faced bills of up to £800 to get their impounded vehicles back. The DVLA was accused of 'heavy-handed and Draconian' behaviour after figures showed its use of clamping rocketed by 60 per cent. Critics allege the authority has been operating a'money-making scam'
Former Missouri Auditor Tom Schweich shot himself in the head on February 26, just moments after setting up an interview to discuss allegations of anti-Semitism in his own party. Newly released police reports show Schweich had talked for years of taking his life - and had become increasingly agitated over politics - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself. Schweich's death and the apparent suicide a month later of his spokesman Spence Jackson have sent shockwaves through Missouri politics. Police found no evidence that Schweich was involved in a scandal or extramarital affairs.
A new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of Brits prefer their pets to in-laws. Research commissioned by Matalan for its Made for Modern Families campaign. More than one in 10 British families now live in blended or Brady Bunch household. Spending quality time together as a family is still important with 65 per cent saying eating together at a table was one of their favourite family activities.
Images show soldiers of the French second Foreign Parachute Regiment. Taken during an airborne operation at the 'Salvador Pass' at the border between Libya and Niger. France began setting up a command base in northern Niger at the end of last year. It is part of the anti-jihadist operation in the Sahel  the desert region which stretches across North Africa.
Arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the Rockies and seeding the sky with silver iodide. They hope the technology will allow them to mitigate some of the worst impacts of climate change  but not everyone is convinced. The process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the General Electric labs in Schenectady, New York.
The four Vincenti sisters were removed from their mother's Sunshine Coast home in dramatic scenes in 2012. Their mother, Laura Garrett, claimed the girls' father, Tomaso Vincenti, was an abusive father who abused them and their mother. 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad and interviewed the two older sisters, Emily and Claire Vincenti. The girls are now aged 16 and 17 and are living in Italy with their father. They appear happy and calm in contrast to the dramatic and hysterical scenes in which they were taken from Australian in 2012
Facility is the first of its kind at the White House and opened in Eisenhower Office Building. Spokesman said it fits in with administrations stance on LGBT issues. On Wednesday President Obama's Executive Order on LGBT Workplace Discrimination went into effect. It protects the rights of the LGBT community while in the employment of federal contractors.
Hotel industry insider turned author Jacob Tomsky reveals the most common items people take from hotels. Despite common misconceptions, it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges. Minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel, full of items'sold at an absurd mark-up' Marriott spends $20 million annually on toiletries.
Dale Forrest, 26, of Bolton, would drink up to 12 pints of beer a night on nights out. He would eat a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast, a Big Daddy Box Meal for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner. After seeing a photo of himself on a night out with friends, he decided to lose weight. Gave up the booze, gave up his favourite fatty readymeals and hit the gym and lost 10.5 stone. Dale is now taking part in a charity boxing match since losing weight.
Robert Tomanovich, who owns Robert's Discount Tree Service in Livonia, Michigan, first hung a noose from a tree and a Confederate flag, printed with the slogan 'I ain't coming down,' on a fence at his home. When neighbours complained, a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street. Tomanovich, 55, has denied his actions are racist and said he simply liked the colors of the Confederate flag. He has since taken down the nooses and flags, but refused to apologize.
Scientists at Brandeis University in Massachusetts believe the process of consolidating short-term memories to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep. They focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons, well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies. When the neurons are activated, the flies sleep more, but when they are deactivated, they keep buzzing. This is because they are telling the flies, 'hey, stay awake and learn this', they said.
Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter called the cheating scandal 'the sickest thing that's ever happened in this town' He had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors but only two agreed to deals. Those who took the deals  former teacher Pamela Cleveland and former testing coordinator Donald Bullock  waived their right to appeal. The remaining eight received harsher sentences, ranging from one to seven years in jail. They are expected to appeal and will be free on bond while the appeals are pending.
Tavon Watson, 24, was doing 100mph at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Orlando when he slammed the $220,000 Lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail. Florida Highway Patrol Sgt Kim Montes revealed Tuesday that the guardrail damaged the east side of the passenger door. Montes also said that evidence suggests Terry tried to grab the wheel and 'counter steer' the out-of-control vehicle in the moments before the deadly wreck. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red
Michelle Heale of Tom's River, New Jersey broke down during her murder trial for the death of 14-month-old Mason Hess on Tuesday as she demonstrated the moment she claims his neck snapped. Heale claims she was trying to burping Mason when he began choking on his applesauce on August 28, 2012, and that when she took him off her shoulder his head snapped back. Medical examiners determined that Mason died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma. The prosecution has argued that Heale shook the child to death. Mason died on September 1 after being air
Mouth ulcers may seem like a minor ailment but can be incredibly distressing. The pain can severely impact on quality of life, as eating and drinking are affected. As many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer. Claudia Winkleman deserves her Bafta nod.
Green party launches new election advert featuring David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nigel Farage. The quartet'sing in harmony about their shared love of austerity and fondness for fracking' Video designed to show Establishment parties'singing from same hymn sheet' It does not feature Green leader Natalie Bennett at all.
In 10 battleground constituencies polled by Tory peer Lord Ashcroft, Ukip's vote has fallen in nine. Support for Mr Farage's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others. Revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed Mr Farage is on course to lose his own Parliamentary election battle in Ukip's heartland in Kent.
Iran has banned its citizens from travelling to Saudi Arabia's holy sites. Follows claims two of its citizens were abused while returning from an off-season pilgrimage. Iran's Foreign Ministry said the two boys, aged 14 and 15, were abused by airport security. Comes amid increasing tensions between the two regional powers, particularly over Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen. Sunni Saudi Arabia has led bombing campaign against Yemeni Shiite rebels, the Houthis.
There seems to be an app for everything these days and new ones are released daily. Apps tell you where to get free cocktails, where to eat and where to go for dinner. Femail has picked the ten apps every foodie should have to help them plan their meals. Love Food Hate Waste keeps track of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys.
The New Zealand family of 14 left the Gloriavale Christian commune last month. Gloriavale is a Christian community of around 500 people who follow a literal interpretation of the New Testament and reject the outside world. It was founded by Australian-born evangelical preacher Neville Cooper - now known by the name Hopeful Christian. James and Hope Ben Canaan left the commune with their twelve children and few possessions. The Ben Canaans are now living in Timaru, 320km away from Gloriavale in the town of Timaru. Relatives say the family are adapting very well to life outside
Annegret Raunigk, 65, from Spandau, Berlin, is due to give birth to quads in weeks. The schoolteacher is set to become the world's oldest woman to have quads. She says: 'I have enough experience of childbirth not to be afraid. I am not scared actually, I am just hoping to stay healthy and fit'
'I think John Kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods, hoping maybe that the Iranians wouldnt say much about it,' the Republican lawmaker told radio host Hugh Hewitt during his Thursday program. McCain said he had'sympathy' for Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, because Kerry'must have known' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord 'and yet chose to interpret it in another way' President Barack Obama's spokesman in turn said it was 'naïve and reckless' for McCain 'to believe every word of the Supreme Leader's political
Rajul Patel, 35, targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at Virgin Active gyms. He obtained memberships using the stolen driving licence of a gym-going doctor. In one spree, Patel stole a man's platinum wedding ring, first-year anniversary ring, and a 40th birthday bracelet, Isleworth Crown Court heard. Patel was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers just five minutes after beginning his workout. When challenged about the items he was removing, he replied: 'Do you not trust me?'
Hannah Moore, 20, from Broxburn in West Lothian, posted images of her post-pregnancy tummy. But within minutes of posting them, the photo-sharing site deleted them for 'nudity and violence' She said: 'All it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away' It's yet another example of Instagram refusing to publish certain images. Last week, the site announced it has toughened up its rules on the types of pictures users can post.
Australian MP Andrew Robb battled depression for more than a decade. The Minister for Investment and Trade appeared on ABC's Q&A program. He said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach. Mr Robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun. Labor MP Anna Burke said it is key for Australia to invest in prevention strategies.
Rebecca Calder, 24, went out drinking on the same night she used victims' bank card. She drained up to £300 a day from disabled couple's accounts, spending it on nights out. Calder, of Greater Manchester, was jailed for 12 months after she pleaded guilty to nine counts of theft. Her victims' family installed a spy camera and filmed her taking cash.
The Pentagon announced Tuesday plans to exhume and try to identify the remains of nearly 400 sailors and Marines who died on board the USS Oklahoma in the December 1941 attack. The Oklahoma capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the surprise attack from Japanese forces, killing 429 people. Only 35 of the bodies were identified in the years immediately after the attack, and hundreds were buried as unknowns in Hawaii. In 1950, they were reburied in Honolulu's National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific - also known as the Punchbowl - inside a volcanic crater in Honolulu. A new Pentagon policy now allows
Tavon Watson, 24, was taking racing advice from instructor Gary Terry, 36, at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World in Florida on Sunday when he lost control of the Italian supercar. Terry was pronounced dead at the scene while Watson was rushed to Celebration Hospital near Lake Buene Vista for treatment where he was later declared stable. The day out at the track was a present from Watson's wife and he posted a picture of himself next to a red Ferrari on the tarmac just hours before the fatal collision.
Ronnie Lungu was singled out as 'a marked man' by Wiltshire Police, tribunal rules. The 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues. His internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy. Mr Lungu said he was left 'upset' and 'angry' after being penalised because he was black. Force has only 16 ethnic minority officers out of a total of 1,000 officers.
Liam Marshall-Ascough is standing to be an MP in Stoke-on-Trent central. He is pictured on Facebook appearing to lick a female friend's breasts. Underneath the picture a friend commented 'drunko' But he insists the photos were taken seven years ago on a night out with friends. The Crawley borough councillor said they show he is able to interact with people - important to the role of a politician.
Margaret Gretton, 46, banned from teaching after labelling job applicant 'Taliban' Referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of 'bombs and blowing up the school' in an Asian accent. Disciplinary panel said she showed no remorse for 'deliberate' actions while head of Burton Joyce Primary School in Nottingham. They heard that she mocked special needs students by referring to them as 'cuckoo' She even displayed a Golly magnet in her office and made'monkey noises' when talking about black people.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, is on trial for the murder of semi-pro football player Odin Lloyd in June 2013. Prosecutors say he and two friends, Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz, picked up Lloyd at his Boston home before dawn and drove him to an industrial park where they shot him to death. The defense argued that Hernandez did not commit the murder himself. 'Did he make all the right decisions? No,' defense attorney James Sultan said on Tuesday. If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of life in prison.
Iain Duncan Smith said zero-hours contracts should be re-named 'flexible hours' Work and Pensions Secretary said they were 'wrongly named' in TV interview. Future of deals has become one of the key issues of the election battle over jobs. Labour has pledged to ban exploitative deals, while unions have called for them to be scrapped. Shadow business Secretary Chuka Umunna accused the Tories of being 'out of touch'
Fox News Sunday anchor Chris Wallace, 67, made the comments on the nationally-syndicated Mike Gallagher Show on Friday. He said the 'American Idol' winner has 'a lovely voice', but added that she 'could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while' Within minutes, Wallace's response had sparked outrage online. Now, the veteran news man has apologized for his 'offensive' remarks in a statement obtained by DailyMail.com. 'I sincerely apologize to Kelly Clarkson for my offensive comment,' he said.
Trevor Vale was on a long-haul trip from Darwin to Melbourne when he made the video. He was frustrated at the lack of interest from Australians in paying respect to the Anzacs. Mr Vale's wife fought as a soldier in Timor and Afghanistan. The video has been viewed over 800,000 times on Mr Vale's Facebook page. 'We've got to make Anzac day live on, we can't let it die,' he said.
The Vatican are training up ordinary doctors, teachers and psychologists to cope with a rising tide of demonic possessions. The Vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary Catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession when they see one. In 2013 Pope Francis appeared to perform an exorcism on a young man in a wheelchair who shook violently when the pope laid his hands on him and said a blessing.
The families of two slain New York City police officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mets' home opener at Citi Field on Monday. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady also threw a first pitch, at Fenway Park in Boston - but didn't do himself proud, chucking the ball straight at the ground. The NYPD families were joined by Mayor Bill de Blasio at a time when his relationship with the police department is again coming under scrutiny.
Yaphet Kotto said the James Bond role should only be played by white actors. He said: 'Political correctness be damned, we have to stay with what is literally correct' Kotto said a black man could play 003 or 006 but could not be 007. His comments come in response to speculation that Idris Elba will play Bond. Elba has been tipped to replace Daniel Craig as the next James Bond actor.
Max Muggeridge, 19, caught a four metre tiger shark at the weekend. He reeled in the monster on the Tweed coast just inside the NSW border, after a three hour battle. The teenager was camping at Tweed Heads with his girlfriend Alexia. It is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach, according to Max. After getting a quick measurement of the huge creature, he sent it back out to sea.
Toddler fell 10 feet into cheetah enclosure at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo on Saturday. Visitors heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm. His parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived. Cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit, according to zoo officials. Zoo official said there is a'strong chance' charges will be pressed against mother on Monday.
The 16th edition of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival began on Friday in the southern California desert. Headlining act AC/DC was scheduled to take the stage as well as musicians such as Azealia Banks, Tame Impala, Alabama Shakes and Interpol. This year's lineup includes rapper Drake, Florence and the Machine, FKA Twigs, David Guetta, The Weeknd, Kasabian, alt-J and Toro y Moi among others. A wave of celebrities began documenting their travels and capturing their fun while at the festival on Friday including models Gig
Two scantily-clad strippers performed at the funeral of a Taiwanese man. The exotic dancers were hired by the deceased's own wife as a final gift to her husband. They danced around the casket to Maroon 5's Moves Like Jagger in front of mourners. Some mourners were more interested in filming the sexy dancers than remembering the deceased.
The baby, named Prince Irfan, was born in the Swiss city of Geneva last Saturday. Both mother and child are said to be doing well, according to the Aga Khan's followers. Princess Salwa, 26, has starred in campaigns for Diane von Furstenburg and Chanel. She married Prince Rahim of the dynasty in 2013 following a four month engagement.
Whitney Fetters, from Putnam City, Oklahoma, has been charged with soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana. The 28-year-old Spanish teacher 'exchanged 20 nude photos and videos with the boy, 14, and sent him sexually suggestive text messages' She 'planned to invite the boy to spend the night with her as she was house-sitting so they could get high and have sex' Fetters turned herself into cops in February but was released after posting $10,000 bail.
Leeds-based Direct Line is running a competition called #EverydayFix. They asked groups to design products to deal with common problems. These include forgetting to lock the door, which one company hopes to solve with their Forget Me Lock prototype. Another group designed Nipper - the worlds smallest mobile phone charger. You can vote on which one is your favourite - and the winner will be made into an actual product funded through a Kickstarter campaign.
The 22-year-old model is donating $20,000 of her own money to the Flatiron School's software engineering program, which costs $2,000 per student. Karlie attended the two-week course last summer and says she learned how 'creative coding truly is' The blonde beauty will be starting college at NYU's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in the fall.
Design duo Becky Cooper and Bridget Yorston - aka Bec and Bridge - unveiled their new swimwear line on the catwalk at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia on Monday. The 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by Seventies model Veruschka and the 1970s period in Marrakech. Animal prints and metallics feature heavily in the collection. Models wore gold jewellery, flowing dresses and skirts in dark jewel tones.
Jessica Mejia, 20, was killed in a car crash in December 2009 when her drunk ex-boyfriend Nicholas Sord lost control of their SUV and smashed into a pole. When deputies arrived on the scene, they 'improperly removed clothing from her dead body and took photographs of her' Mejia's mother, Christina, filed a lawsuit against the sheriff's office in 2010 and the trial is set to begin next week. The family says the deputies intentionally caused emotional distress to the victim's family by taking the photos. Sord was sentenced to 56 months in prison for the
More than 140 children have been removed from schools in Washington state. They were removed because they could not prove they had the required vaccinations. Health officials have warned about the danger of the spread of the measles virus. The virus has swept several states in America and California in recent months. Officials fear it could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago. Spokane school district officials are believed to be the first to remove children from school in a bid to prevent a pandemic.
Moira Gemmill, 55, was cycling to work at St James's Palace yesterday morning. She collided with a tipper lorry near Lambeth Bridge in Westminster at 9.30am. Her brother Andrew described her as an 'extraordinary' woman who lived a'modest life' She had recently left her position as director of design at the Victoria and Albert Museum. Ms Gemmill was the fifth cyclist to be killed on London's roads this year.
Deputy Prime Minister met by protesters in Surbiton, south-west London. They chanted: 'Nick Clegg lied to me, he said uni would be free. He lied' Mr Clegg ignored the protesters as he stuck to his message that only the Lib Dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor. He launched a furious attack on the 'ideological' cuts planned by the Tories.
Last year in South Africa 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed - one every eight hours. The last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard. His keepers in the Kenyan reserve of Ol Pejeta fear for his safety without his horn. Poachers are looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo on the Asian market.
Dustin Irons was appearing over video-link to a court in Oregon when he pulled down his pants. The 26-year-old became disgruntled with the way the hearing was continuing. Judge added an extra 30 days to his detention for contempt of court. Sheriffs covered him up and Bundled him back to his cell.
Thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the Aegean island of Chios by rival parishioners in their traditional'mock war' Dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of Aghios Markos and Panaghia Erithiani while the annual battle is held. The custom dates back to the 19th century, when the island was under Turkish occupation, but may have older roots. Easter Sunday was celebrated in services across Europe, with thousands of people attending church in Greece, Russia, Turkey and the Balkans.
Tony Tancock, 56, has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies and has shown them off at events around the country. Thief snuck into outbuilding at his home in Crediton, Devon, to steal his prized pets leaving eight behind. Heartbroken owner believes only an expert could have targetted the dozen show-quality guinea pigs.
Michael Scott Shemansky is on the run after authorities named him as a suspect in the murder of his mother. Police say he failed to appear for a supervised visit with his son on the same day his mother was found dead. He is already on parole for battery on law enforcement, has a history of bipolar mental illness, and was involuntarily committed to a psychiatric ward for an attempted suicide. His mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce.
Woman jumped onto the bonnet of her white Honda as the carjacker attempted to drive off at speed from the Fast Track Car Wash in Smyrna, Georgia. But a Good Samaritan passing by produced a gun and fired a shot. Police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman's life. The suspect was taken to hospital where he is recovering.
Activision Blizzard has announced plans to resurrect the popular video game franchise later this year. Called Guitar Hero Live, the revamped game features a redesigned guitar, live-action actors and an online music video network. It will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band. Instead of playing along with computer-generated characters, wannabe rockers will see a first-person view of their band mates and audiences portrayed by human actors. Guitar Hero Live will be released in the autumn for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U and mobiles
Nguyen Thi Hang, 35, was waiting to board a flight at Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. She was travelling with just hand luggage when she was asked to have it weighed. Thi Hang placed her luggage on the scales, and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face. The woman has been fined VND7.5 million, which roughly equates to £240.
The Queen and Princess Margaret recorded a cassette tape of children's songs in 1990. The Royals recorded songs such as I know Where The Flies Go In Winter Time. Pianist Laurie Holloway was invited to Buckingham Palace by Princess Margaret to accompany the Queen. Princess Margaret told Mr Holloway that the Queen Mother was delighted by the recording. Unfortunately, the recording was lost following the Queen's death in 2002 aged 101.
Three young Oxford graduates set off to explore the Iriri river in a remote part of the Amazon in 1961. The trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region, and a distinguished career writing about it. Alfred Russel Wallace, Henry Bates and Richard Spruce were all classic examples of Victorian self-improvement. All set about the urgent task of educating themselves.
Kristina Schake, 45, helped to transform Michelle Obama's public image as First Lady. Helped to make her an all-American 'everywoman' who shops at retail outlets and does'mom dancing' Now, she is reportedly behind drive to get Hillary Clinton elected president in 2016. Ms Schake has been brought on to Clinton's 2016 communications team to help recast image. Will attempt to turn politician from strong and knowledgeable figure into softer, more accessible. Ex-secretary of state, 67, is expected to announce her run for White House this month.
Matthew Kenney, 34, told police he smoked Flakka before he streaked though traffic early on Saturday evening while only wearing a pair of sneakers. The suspect said he was escaping imaginary killers who he believed stole his clothes and wanted to murder him. Flakka can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other substances and has been nicknamed '$5 insanity' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost.
Anne-Louise van den Nieuwenhof was diagnosed with bone and soft tissue cancer aged five. Her parents were told she only had three months to live and she wouldn't live to see her sixth birthday. She defied the odds and moved to Canada where she worked as a nurse and raised her own family. Six days after giving birth to her second child she died suddenly in a Canadian hospital. A Gofundme page set up to help her family has raised $40,000 in her memory.
Jiaro Mendez and Elias Acevedo were found to be 'highly intoxicated' by Tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on April 14 around 1am. Pair, covered in blood, were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body. Acevedo, 21, has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon, according to the police report.
Paddle, Pellita, Chan and Idalia have been sent from Australia as a gift to mark Singapore's 50th anniversary of independence. The koalas will be on loan to Singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in Singapore Zoo. Julie Bishop announced this gift on Thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures. Ms Bishop will officially hand over the animals during her visit in May.
Park Crescent West, next to Regents Park in London, was designed by John Nash in the early 19th century to be grand houses for friends and family of the Prince Regent. Developer PCW Property Holdings paid £105million for Grade I listed crescent in 2013. It has now submitted fresh plans to demolish crescent and rebuild it as apartments. But residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals, claiming years of noise and disruption will ruin their lives.
Sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year, according to the French National Union of Bookshops. Mansour Mansour, who runs the Al Bouraq publishing house specialising on Islam and the Middle East, said his sales have shot up by 30 per cent since the attacks. Experts believe people are buying books because they want a better understanding of the religion some terror groups claim to represent.
Gravity Payments CEO Dan Price is slashing his $1million salary to the same as his lowest-paid worker. He's also taking up to 80percent of the firm's $2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries. Over the next three years, Gravity Payments will offer at least $70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees.
Stephanie Hannon was Google's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact. She previously worked on Gmail, Google Maps, Facebook, and Eventbrite. Hannon will supervise a sprawling effort to develop websites, mobile apps and other vehicles for pushing the former secretary of state's brand through the 2016 elections. Seasoned digital talent is in high demand as nearly 20 potential White House hopefuls plan for a 2016 campaign season that will rely heavily on clicks, likes, shares and other indications of a broad reach. It's unclear whether Hannon will be able to help Clinton
Annual Water Temple Fair in Jiangnan, China, sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune. Locals dress up in traditional costumes, while boat races, drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere. The Fair commemorates General Lui Chengzhong, a hero in the Yuan Dynasty who eliminated pests during a drought.
The semi-detached home in Horfield, Bristol, has gone untouched for more than 80 years. It boasts the original bathroom, kitchen, stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating. The three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen, a brick open-face fire and a dated kitchen sink.
Artist Megumi Igarashi was charged with distributing plans of how to build a kayak shaped like her vagina. She said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3D printer. 'I am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene,' she told judges at Tokyo District Court. Japan has an enthusiastic and prolific pornography industry. But rigid obscenity laws ban the depiction of actual genitalia.
The NSW State Emergency Service have warned the public that scammers are making calls falsely claiming to fundraise. The public have been alerted to the heartless scheme via an important notice issued on the NSW SES Facebook page. NSW SES have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on Monday. Flash flooding, trees down and power outages across the Sydney, Newcastle and Hunter regions. 22 ACT SES volunteers will travel to NSW on Wednesday to assist with the severe weather effort.
Jimmy Anderson became England's leading wicket-taker in Test match cricket. The fast bowler overtook Sir Ian Botham with his 384th Test wicket in his 100th Test. Anderson took the wicket of Denesh Ramdin in his 21st over in Antigua on Friday. Botham was watching the Test while on media duties with Sky Sports. He said: 'It has been a privilege to watch him close up and commentate on a career that I believe still has a few more miles in the tank'
Claudio Giardiello, 46, was due to appear in court accused of fraudulent bankruptcy. He is said to have first killed his lawyer Lorenzo Alberto Claris Appiani, 37, and his co-defendant. Then opened fire on judge Fernando Ciampi, killing him and wounding another man. A fourth victim, understood to have been a witness, is thought to have died of a heart attack. Several others suffered serious injuries in the attack, including ex-colleagues and accountant. After his killing spree, the gunman managed to evade police and fled the courthouse on his
Audrey Bolte, who won Miss Ohio 2012 and was runner-up in Miss USA in 2012, told the Ohio court on Thursday that she was looking forward to a date with Ryan Poston, 29, but he failed to arrive. Shayna Hubers, 24, is charged with murder in the shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend on October 12, 2012. Her cellmate told the court that Hubers joked about the shooting and said she was going to get off all charges. Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview in which Hubers said Poston was 'vain'
Former Celebrity Big Brother contestant, 40, said vessels 'need pushing back' 'I would use gunships, I would tow them back to where they came from,' she said. Said: 'I would make a huge bonfire of all the boats they have - in order to put a stop to this ridiculous situation that we find ourselves in' Her comments were labelled 'dangerous' and 'toxic' by people on Twitter. More than 900 people are feared dead after a fishing boat overturned in the Mediterranean.
Supermarkets continue to slash the cost of milk, vegetables and meat in price wars. Food prices have fallen by 0.9 per cent in the last 12 months and clothes and shoes 7.8 per cent. Cheaper electrical goods have dropped by 5.7 per cent and petrol prices reached 99p a litre. Falling oil prices have also led to a boost on the high street as shoppers cash in on cheaper goods. But the price wars have had an impact on independent shops and dairy farmers.
Politicians' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish just how human and how unlike us they really are. Do his belongings live up to etiquette expert William Hanson's expectations? Use this short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is. The more points you get, the more upmarket your house must be.
Two female passengers were allowed in the cockpit of a Ryanair flight mid-flight. The passengers were believed to be off-duty Ryanair staff wearing their staff lanyards. Fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour. Irish Aviation Authority have launched an investigation into the incident.
Lithuanian talk show An Hour with Ruta aired on independent TV channel LNK last week. It claimed foreign children were being seized and fostered with Norwegian parents. Claimed it was in an attempt to tackle 'the highest rate of inbreeding in the world' Earlier this year, Lithuania's Gra~ina Leainskiene hit headlines after her son Gabrieliaus was taken into care by Norway's Child Protection Service.
Maria Lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on The Current's website on Wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station. The alleged stalker, Patrick Henry Kelly, from Eden Prairie, has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week. It began when Kelly, 56, wrote Lucia a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically in March 2014. He then started sending her 'delusional' e-mails and calling her on her personal numbers. In July, she filed for a restraining order against him and he
Andrea Lindsay, 43, from Prescot, Merseyside, dropped from 14st to 10st 5lb. She dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year using hypnosis app. Husband's colleagues thought Robbie had traded his wife in for a younger, slimmer model at a Christmas party.
UK Oil & Gas Investments said 100 billion barrels of oil lay beneath the Weald Basin, covering Surrey, Sussex, Hampshire and Kent. The firm has now backtracked on its claims the UK could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the North Sea and Kuwait. UKOG and a consortium of other oil firms hold a licence for just 55 square miles in Surrey and Sussex, a tiny fraction of the basin.
David Nicholson, 48, accused of sending explicit messages to prostitute. Married father-of-four allegedly said he was 'keen' on her dressing up as a schoolgirl. He has not returned to The Costello School in Basingstoke, Hampshire, since revelations. Cambridge graduate is still under investigation by Ofsted over the claims.
George Davon Kennedy of DeKalb, Georgia, a student at Middle Tennessee State University, was taken in Tuesday night. Police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in Panama City. Last week, Delonte Martistee, 22, and Ryan Calhoun, 23, were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between March 10 and 12. Bay County Sheriff Frank McKeithen described the graphic video as the'most disgusting, sickening thing' he had ever seen.
Gitte Denteneer asked staff at the Rubens eaterie in Leuven, Belgium, to warm up some milk. But when she came to pay, she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added to bill. She Tweeted a photo of the bill, which went viral and triggered outrage on Twitter. Horeca Vlaanderen, which owns Rubens, said: 'This could only happen when customer is explicitly told this service is charged for'
Rafi, 10, and Dvora, six, Meitivs were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking alone in a Maryland park on Sunday. Their parents Danielle and Alexander say they were left to panic for hours by CPS workers after their children went missing around 6pm. They were not reunited with their children until 10:30pm, they say. In March, CPS found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone. The couple, both scientists, advocate a so-called 'free-range' approach to parenting,
Celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at Coachella this weekend. Kylie Jenner, Paris Hilton, Khloe Kardashian and Jaden Smith all sported questionable looks. One man opted for a Peter Pan costume, no shoes and muddy feet, with a child's Wellington boot as a necklace. Some festival-goers simply opted for strange headgear and accessories to up the ante.
Lauren York, 15, ran away from her home in North Ridgeville, Ohio around 4am Sunday. She left on her own with a backpack full of clothes and her cellphone. Her parents noticed she was missing when they got up to Easter breakfast and she was gone. Police have not said where York was during her more than 24 hours missing. York was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left.
Five-day-old baby hippo was flung into the air after straying into the firing line of an adult male, which was tussling with its rival. Calf's mother watched in horror as the baby was dragged along the surface of the water in the iSimangaliso Wetland Park, in eastern South Africa. The two male hippos had been fighting for some time and the mother of the calf stayed with her herd, possibly believing it safer to stay out of harm's way herself.
Toddler reportedly shouted'mommy' before disappearing from car wash in Gardena, California, around 4.55pm on Thursday. She was found two hours later by concerned customers at a burger joint 13 miles away. Police would not describe extent of the girl's injuries. Authorities are searching for the driver of a white, recent-model Nissan Altima, which was seen at the car wash around the time the girl was abducted.
Habeeb Latheef, 48, is accused of sexually assaulting three women over four years. He allegedly told them he needed to place objects in their hands to gauge their sensitivity. Instead the family GP allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip. Patients had booked appointments with him to deal with back pain and pins and needles. Latheef denies three charges of sexual assault at Taunton Crown Court.
Jeremy Scott's spring/summer 2015 collection for Moschino caused an Insta-stampede, nearly breaking the internet when he sent human Barbie dolls down the catwalk. Olivia Phillips, 30, a journalist at Emirates Woman, decided to find out by taking to the streets of Dubai dressed as the iconic doll.
Rajee Narinesingh, one of the victims of 'toxic tush' doctor Oneal Ron Morris, stepped out showing her new face over the weekend. She was recently treated by Dr Terry Dubrow and Dr Paul Nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of Botched. In 2005 Rajee had Morris inject her cheeks, lips and chin back in 2005, and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon. Now, she has had her look improved once again by Dr John Martin of Coral Gables Cosmetic
Picture circulating on social media believed to show principal Andrew Barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock. Mr Barr resigned from his position at The Geelong College after an investigation, which included a search of his computer. He is a former chairman of the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia and previously served 10 years as principal of Scotch Oakburn College in Melbourne. The school has announced it has begun searching for a new Principal.
Joshua Corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary after allegedly breaking into Sandra Bullock's home last summer. Terrified Sandra, 50, who was in her property at the time, was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard. Corbett broke into the house on 8 June last year brandishing a love letter for the actress.
The 32-year-old, known only as SAKA, admitted his father was in charge of 65 Taliban troops. But he claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety. He also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in Kandahar after being accused of killing a provincial governors son. The bodyguard escaped from prison and went into hiding, but claimed he fled to Britain after Taliban fighters tried to track him down.
Danila Kislitsyn told police it was his duty to kill stray dogs in Vladivostok, Russia. The 31-year-old would travel around the south-eastern city using poisoned sausages. He also set traps to kill strays and even people's pets, a trial heard. Officials heard the attacks were revenge as he blamed the animals for him contracting tuberculosis. Animal charities were furious when he was handed a fine of just £200 for canine genocide.
Christopher Lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at Clarence House. The ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day. He finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a VIP paedophile ring.
Foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed US women's prison drama Orange is the New Black by screening every episode in a full season marathon. A kink in the agreement with US studio Lionsgate allows Foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title. The popular TV series is based on the book of the same name, by Piper Kerman, about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth. In the US, the series is one of the major titles for Netflix.
Lightning struck shortly after takeoff from Reykjavik, Iceland, to Denver, Colorado, on Tuesday. Pilots reported the lightning but continued on with the eight-hour flight to Denver. It wasn't until after landing that passengers and crew found out the lightning strike caused a gaping hole at the nose of the plane. The plane landed safely and no one was injured.
Eli and Silas Keslar were pulled from a canal in Yuma, Arizona on Friday morning after falling into the water. Authorities have not yet released any information on how the boys ended up in the water, but say foul play is not suspected. A Go Fund Me page set up to raise money for the boys' memorial and medical costs has already raised over $10,000.
Housing chiefs accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive Margaret Thatcher's flagship right-to-buy policy. Pledge to extend dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was centrepiece of Tory manifesto launch. But housing associations responded furiously, with one board member lambasting the proposal as the 'right to steal' There were even threats of a legal challenge, potentially under European human rights laws. Eighty housing association bosses pocket more than David Cameron's salary of £142,500.
Five bedroom Knightsbridge flat offers 3,054 sq. ft. of high-end accommodation with two reception rooms, five bathrooms, a study and kitchen/breakfast room. It is based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and Hollywood icon Ava Gardner spent her final years. Gardner, who famously starred in The Killers, The Barefoot Contessa, 55 Days at Peking and The Night of the Iguana, lived there until her death in 1990.
Heritage Auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt, featuring a black zigzag applique, plus more than 150 other items from the Academy Award-winning film at auction on Saturday. The dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Rhett Butler, played by Clark Gable. When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray.
Red squirrels have returned to Windermere, in the Lake District, after 16 years. Experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area. Native reds have been almost wiped out in the country, except for a few pockets in the north of England, the Isle of Wight and Scotland. Rival grey squirrels arrived from America in the 19th century and are blamed for population decline.
Model, 23, is a 'carnivore' and 'craves iron' Says cooking using fresh ingredients is essential so she can monitor her salt and sugar intake. Loves to indulge in the odd cupcake or croissant in the morning. Recently posed in Fausto Puglisi dress from designer's latest runway collection.
Secret Service-provided 'Scooby' van took her from Concord, N.H. to Boston Logan International Airport at speeds of up to 80 mph. She arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. US Airways shuttle to Washington, D.C. on a plane with 12 first class seats. On the way, her motorcade passed exits to Manchester airport, which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.M. flight to the same destination. The Manchester flight was scheduled to use a smaller plane with nothing but coach. Clinton told Daily Mail Online
Joanna Goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds. The 30-year-old then took the money from the till at a Premier Inn in Newcastle. CCTV showed Goodall, who is pregnant, taking cash between March 2013 and February 2014. She was given a nine-month suspended sentence at Newcastle Crown Court. Goodall was ordered to pay back just £1 under Proceeds of Crime Act as she has no assets.
Sarah Stage, a 30-year-old lingerie model from Los Angeles, came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of sexy pregnancy selfies showing off her toned abs. But her son James Hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last Tuesday. The first pictures of her newborn son were released last week, with one captioned: 'Love at first sight'
A Utah National Guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with Hot Shots 2015. Military vehicles became props for the group's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes' video. The Army Times saw emails where members of the 19th Special Forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed 'uptight Mormons' for outrage of their time with the models. 'I didn't think it was that bad, not bad enough to hunt for blood,' one email in the group read.
The British Army is struggling to recruit enough technical experts for a secretive psychological warfare unit intended to combat Islamic States domination of the internet and social media. The specialised 77 Brigade, launched with great fanfare in January in response to the jihadis mastery of online propaganda, is in disarray after failing to enlist the right personnel. Brigadier Alastair Aitken says he needs computer whizzkids skilled in social media, financial operations and counter-criminality
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, nearly left husband Ryan Ranellone, 29, at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive. Davina Kullar, 34, and Sean Varricchio, 35, are seen arguing over dinner during their honeymoon in Puerto Rico. Jessica Castro and Ryan DeNiro, 30 and 29, argue over what should of been a romantic dinner date in Key Largo. Ashlee Viant and Ashlee's honeymoon gets off to a rocky start when she accuses him of calling her 'Monroe' lip piercing.
Dr Sameer Patel, clinical director at the Elleven practice in London's Harley Street, has highlighted the dentistry dangers of the 'desk diet' Here, he reveals the biggest offenders, and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health. Some breakfast cereals contain as many as three teaspoons of sugar per serving.
Michele Leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job. She has faced mounting pressure from Congress, where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes. Lawmakers have been pushing for Leonhart's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the House Oversight Committee last week. A group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was 'woefully unable to change' the agency's culture.
Detective Ian Cyrus has been suspended without pay. His supervisor has been placed on desk duty. Five detectives went to the Brooklyn store on April 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes. Officers reportedly took money from the cash register and packs of cigarettes as evidence. Manager Ali Abdullah, who was not in the shop at the time, was given a receipt from the police the following day saying $593 had been seized.
Eddie Raymond Tipton, 51, of Norwalk, Iowa was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud for illegally playing the lottery. Now prosecutors believe he used an intricate hack to ensure his numbers were drawn by the system. They argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the Random Number Generator selected his number in December 2010. Tipton's trial had been due to start Monday but defense lawyers asked for it to be delayed to they could examine the new evidence.
Experts from Centre for International Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (CIRHUS) in New York City studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread. Their findings show a bump in the road in the adoption of farming, which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival and sparked a major economic revolution They examined 200 bead-type objects found at more than 400 European sites over a 3,000-year period. They found that the pathways of the spread of farming are less clear than previously thought.
Jan Bearman, 83, has had a tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday for the past three years in memory of her daughter Shell, who died of complications from diabetes in 2011. For her 80th birthday, Jan had Shell's name and a cross tattooed on her upper arm near her shoulder, along with her three granddaughters and Shell's husband's initials. The now-83-year-old wasn't done with just the one tattoo, and continued coming back to the studio each year for another tattoo to commemorate her daughter, tattooing the initials of her three children above the cross
French photographer and illustrator, Thomas Lamadieu, takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings. The space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed'sky art' Lamadieu is based in France but travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Shocking images show hundreds of baby seals being shot and clubbed to death on Canada's ice floes as the country's annual 'commercial hunt' gets underway. Pictures were captured by animal rights charity Humane Society International (HSI) who say the baby animals 'are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying' Newfoundland government has authorised the killing of up to 468,000 harp, hooded and grey seals, according to HSI. They claim the seals are shot, clubbed and skinned for their fur despite a
Peter Kelly, who leaves behind a wife and five children under the age of nine, was killed on Tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens. Levi Acre-Kendall, 19, was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on Friday by the Polk County attorney's office. He is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision. The suspect's mother, Lavonne Acre, said of her son: 'Levi's a good kid. He was just fishing'
Andy Murray married long term girlfriend Kim Sears this weekend. His mother Judy has revealed that she is looking forward to becoming a grandmother. She said she taught her son some dance moves after she appeared on Strictly Come Dancing. Judy said that it was a prouder moment than when Andy won Wimbledon in 2013.
Andrew Hennells posted details of his plans to rob a Tesco store on Facebook. The 31-year-old wrote he was 'Doing. Tesco. Over' just 15 minutes before the robbery. Minutes later, a member of the public alerted police to a man brandishing a knife. Hennells fled the scene but was arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in cash. He was sentenced to four years in prison at Norfolk Crown Court today. Judge Anthony Bate said he posed a 'high risk of serious harm to public'
General Motors has unveiled the Chevrolet-FNR car. It has 'dragonfly' swing doors that open upwards and 'crystal laser headlights' The car is self-driving, electric, and the front chairs can swivel round. And using iris recognition software you can start it using only your eyes. The concept was unveiled at the Shanghai General Motors Gala Night this week. Chevrolet notes that the car is just a concept, so there is no release date or planned production date yet.
Smoke poured over Westhampton Beach on Wednesday at 3pm as a fire spread through 90 condos before the building collapsed. Twelve fire teams were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes. It is not known what started the blaze, which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings.
Charlotte Watts argues that stress drains nutrients from the body. Symptoms associated with deficiencies can also be a warning sign of long-term effects. She reveals seven surprising signs of stress in her new book, The De-Stress Effect. Here, she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one.
Darren Goddard, 48, left his 18-month-old son in 1989 after his marriage broke down. He moved to Germany to pursue a career in the Army and met Lewis' mother Aggi, who he married two years later. Mr Goddard's daughter Cally, 15, created a Facebook page for him three years ago. The former soldier never used the account and was about to delete it when Lewis' appeal turned up on his newsfeed. They met at Stansted Airport last month as Lewis flew to the UK from Germany to attend his grandfather Ron's funeral.
Diane Priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue. Ambulance should have taken eight minutes to reach 57-year-old at her home. Instead, a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which still failed to meet. Grandmother-of-nine died from a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm. North East Ambulance Service admitted delay was due to call-handler error.
Victoria McKennon is one class short of the credits she needs to graduate. The 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons due to her life-threatening cystic fibrosis. Her family appealed to Plano Senior High School in Texas to allow her to take part in ceremony. They wanted her to finish outstanding work in the summer and earn her diploma that way. But school officials said she could not take part as she had not got the right number of credits. Family has filed a civil rights complaint with the Department of Education over dispute.
The woman, identified as 24-year-old Krista Dotzenrod from Minnesota, said it was 'pure luck' 'I was sitting there, and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup. It fell straight in there,' she said. Within seconds of capturing the ball in her ale, she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup to the delight of fans around her.
Both Brits and Americans want royal baby number two to be a girl, according to YouGov poll. Brits want a baby girl, while Americans want Prince George to have a baby brother. Diana and Elizabeth are the most popular royal baby names in the UK and US. James, Richard and Arthur are the top three names for a potential baby boy. Americans are five times less interested in royal baby than they were with Prince George.
The couple, who have not been named, were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of South Kirkwood Road, South West Houston. Her husband admitted to police that during the heat of the argument he tried to drive off in his green Chevrolet pickup truck when his wife grabbed the door handle, slipped and he ran her over. Police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him.
Pietro Boselli, 26, originally from Brescia, Italy, is an advanced maths lecturer at UCL. He admits he tried to keep his double life as a model a secret from colleagues. His students at the university discovered his secret after Googling his Instagram account. The model has now signed for top modelling agency Models 1. Hopes to earn enough money from modelling to set up own engineering consultancy.
The group, calling themselves Hookers For Hillary, all work at Dennis Hof's Moonlite Bunny Ranch in Carson City. The legal brothel, which was the subject of HBO's Cathouse series, has drafted a four-point platform explaining their endorsement. They cite Clinton's work on health care reform, foreign experience, tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues as reasons to vote for her.
Kim Jong-un learned to drive when he was three and won a yacht race aged nine. Bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across North Korea in new school textbook. Book, called Kim Jong Un's Revolutionary Activities, distributed to middle and high schools. It contains no mention of country's history, instead devoting chapters to Kim's childhood. Text also claims he can draw well and knows how to compose music.
HM toured the cruise ship Britannia after the naming ceremony last month. One of the areas she was most impressed with was Eric Lanlard's Market Café. Atul Kochhar and Mary Berry are some of the foodies Britannia's owners, P&O, have enlisted.
Russian military inspectors have arrived at huge Nato war games exercise. British officers forced to accept the four-day inspection from experts from Moscow. They are attending Exercise Joint Warrior, designed to send a signal to the President in the face of continuing aggression. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the exercise would show the world how powerful Nato was.
De Zwann restaurant in Etten-Leur, Netherlands, burned its first batch of asparagus. Owner Ronald Peijenburg had previously used a Formula 1 racing car and a hot air balloon. But the drone, which had a metal can attached, crashed and exploded mid-journey. The pilot had followed the drone in the back of a pick-up truck while the stunt was filmed.
Michael Maggio posted private details of Theron's adoption two months before she publicly announced it. He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine when he is sentenced in July. Maggio, 52, sparked controversy last March when he admitted posting a series of comments that were racist, sexist and offensive towards the LGBT community over the past several years.
Amol Gupta, from Manhattan, is suing ZogSports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall, breaking his nose and elbow, and also injuring his spine. Gupta accuses the organizers of the match of setting the foul and base lines too close to the brick wall. Kickball is a popular American schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats.
Geraldine Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement. Police Sgt Chad Boynton said Monday afternoon police had not yet been in contact with Jones, who police say is being treated in Texas for depression. Samantha Fleming, 23, and her three-week old baby Serenity went missing from her home in Anderson on April 5. Fleming was found stabbed, wrapped in plastic and soaked in bleach inside Jones' home on Friday. Baby was being held by Jones' sister, who told police she had been caring for her sister's child
Nathalie Croquet, from Paris, has recreated ads from Givenchy, Lancome, Lanvin and Acne. She said that the project helped her understand her job on a deeper level. Hopes that the humour in the images will provide people with the opportunity for, 'laughter and reflection'
Mandy Greenwood, 39, from Rochdale, was abused by her father from the age of seven. Keith Whitworth, 61, would wake her up during the night and rape her. He would tell her: 'I'm only doing this because I love you' She escaped home life by getting pregnant at 15 and having a daughter and son four years later. At 20, Mandy met her husband Dave, a friend of her brother, and they hit it off. She confided in him about the abuse and he urged her to seek help. But she could not face
Frances Clarkson, 53, showed off holiday tan in white bikini on holiday in Barbados. Showed off the results of a week sunbathing over Easter in the skimpy swimsuit. She has previously holidayed in the Caribbean with her estranged husband Jeremy Clarkson. The 53-year-old and Jeremy, 54, who have two daughters and a son, are said to have lived apart for years. BBC announced last month they were dropping Clarkson from hit motoring show after 'fracas'
Airline Codes lists the origins of 438 airports from 94 countries with unique airport codes. From OMG and SUX to the funny LOL, there are some seemingly very random acronyms around the world. The codes are known as IATA location identifiers, and are set by the International Air Transport Association (IATA) The triple characters are displayed on luggage tags at airport check-in desks.
Kaitlyn Granado, 24, arrested on Monday amid claims she had sex with pupil, 15, in January. She was first arrested on March 19 for having inappropriate relationship with 15-year-old. Last month she admitted kissing another boy, also 15, and letting him touch her breasts. Now another pupil has accused her of having sex with him on two consecutive nights. He claims the sexual relationship took place in her car across the road from another school.
Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin dined at a Chipotle in Maumee, Ohio, at lunchtime on Monday. It was the first time they had been seen since they started their cross-country road trip. But nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal. The manager says they didn't leave a tip, despite there being a jar on the counter. 'Her bill was $20 and some change, and they paid with $21 and left,' he said. Clinton and husband Bill have an estimated net worth of roughly $100,000 million.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in Clacton, Essex. James Gregoire, 54, was killed following a late night 'altercation' in the town last night. A second man was seriously injured in the brawl while a third man suffered minor injuries. Essex Police have closed off a large area of the town as forensic officers search the scene. The victim's son Nathan led tributes to his late father on his Facebook page.
Jay Rutland, 34, is married to 30-year-old daughter of F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone. His firm Brigante Business Developments is based in Battersea, south-west London. Latest accounts show it brought in just £3,378 over the 12 months to July 2014. Mr Rutland's high-earning career in the City of London ended in shame in 2012.
Officer Michael Slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife Jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks. He is only granted video access to his eight and a half month's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family. They are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the Charleston County jail. It is deemed unsafe for an infant to enter the prison so he will have to rely on photographs as cell phones and access to the internet is forbidden. No date has yet been set for
Video taken from a patrol car dashcam captures the 'end of days' group brawling with cops in Cottonwood, Arizona, on March 21 just moments before a deadly gunfight. The Gaver family had allegedly been camping outside the store for a few days when they had the confrontation with police. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight and suspect David Gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody. Cottonwood Police Sgt Jeremy Daniels was also shot and hospitalized, but has since been released. According to Facebook, the family is part of a band called 'Matthew 24
None* is available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices and has 50 levels. There are no images, music, animations, sound effects or hints to help users guess the answers. Players are confronted with a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text. They use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level. The app's inventor, Dimitris Chassapakis, said that around 10 per cent of people who downloaded the app have completed the puzzle game. Reviews of the game on Google Play include those from people waiting for part two
Former PM said he wanted to create a 'cadre' of former leaders to advise governments. He said: 'You can get some of these guys who are fantastic executors. Why not use their talents and their experience?' Blair also praised the authoritarian military regime in Egypt, which has been accused of human rights abuses. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen has branded Blair a'megalomaniac' for his Newsweek remarks.
Nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector, according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company Glassdoor.com. To make it on to the payrolls of these top companies, workers needs to be highly educated, highly skilled or highly connected. The companies are mostly small and midsize. Nearly all of them employ fewer than 5,000 people.
Mainline is offering incentive to workers who refer qualified Class A HGV driver to work. Offer to workers from Bulgaria, Poland and Romania who already work in the UK. Company did a recruitment drive to attract lorry drivers from Cornwall to Swindon. But they say they were forced to look further afield when that scheme failed. This is despite there being 3,000 jobless residents in the town and 4.5% unemployed.
Cecily Hamilton, 16, and her friend Taylor Swing, 18, died on March 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in White County, Georgia. Shannon Hamilton, who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act, was arrested by deputies on Gene Nix Road on Sunday. Hamilton, together with friends and family members, had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway. His 18-year-old son, Kale, captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property.
Wei Guiyi, 76, guides her blind husband Huang Funeng, 80, around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern China. Huang was infected with a degenerative eye disease and lost his eyesight in 1985. Guiyi has her own hunchback condition caused by osteoporosis but never complains about their plights.
The aluminium battery was created at Stanford University, California. It is said to be the first high-performance aluminium battery that is 'fast-charging, long-lasting and inexpensive', according to its designers. While lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge, the new battery has 'unprecedented charging times' of down to one minute. Unlike other prototypes which die after just 100 charges, the Stanford battery can also withstand more than 7,500 cycles without any loss of capacity.
Haben, 19, told MailOnline: 'We are Christians but we had to deny our faith otherwise the gunmen would kill us, slit our throats and cut off our heads' He and his brother Samuel, 14, arrived in Sicily a week ago, just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized during the same journey from Libya. Tens of thousands of migrants are fleeing Libya as extremists take advantage of political chaos engulfing the country. Fear of capture and execution is driving the desperate migrants to leave Libya as quickly as they can, dangerously overloading vessels.
Stephanie Scott's burned body was found in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on Friday afternoon. The 26-year-old's body has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week. A post-mortem has been completed at Glebe Morgue in Sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner. Department of Forensic Medicine has made contact with Ms Scott's family to provide specialist grief counselling. Ms Scott went missing on Easter Sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé Aaron Leeson-Woolley in Tahiti. Her
Vera Baird donated £500,000 to Victims First Northumbria, of which she is a director. Sitting alongside her on the organisation's top table is Sue Sim, the force's Chief Constable. Critics have described her selection of charity as 'inappropriate' and a conflict of interest. The pair now face a Ministry of Justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting'soap opera'
A mansion that resembles an alien spaceship in the rain forest of Far North Queensland is on the market for $15 million. The property, called 'Alkira,' which is Aboriginal for bright and sunny, features six bedrooms, six bathrooms, five balconies and three garage spots. It was designed by architect Charles Wright and won The Australian Institute of Architects House of the Year for Queensland in 2014. Although resembling a spaceship, it was actually inspired by stamps with the pool even being modelled off the 'One Pound Jimmy' Stamp. Located at 3726 Cape Tribulation Rd in Daintree, Queensland
56-page notebook written in 1942 at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, was sold for £698,000. It details Turing's work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science. Turing is best known for cracking the code used by the Germans in their Enigma machines during the Second World War. He died from cyanide poisoning in 1954, generally thought to have been an act of suicide as a consequence of hormone treatment he was undergoing as an alternative to imprisonment for his homosexuality.
Shelley Dufresne, 32, admitted in court Thursday that she had sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time or having to register as a sex offender. The married mother-of-three was arrested in September after a student at Destrehan High School in St Charles Parish, Louisiana started bragging that he had slept with both her and another teacher, Rachel Respess, 24. As part of her plea deal, she will undergo a 90-day inpatient mental health treatment program, surrender her teacher's license and stay
Britain is the most expensive place in the world in buy the Apple Watch. The cheapest model is the 38mm Sport version and costs £299 in the UK. In the US, the same model costs $349, but this doesn't include sales tax. Sales tax in the US depends on the region where the product is sold. California has one of the highest rates - at 9% - while Montana has zero. When sales taxes are added to the US model, the price rises to $18,530 in California, which converts to £12,543 - a difference of £957.
45 per cent of under-30s said they had a painful back or neck  up from 28 per cent last year. As gadgets get smaller, users lean over them more, putting the neck and shock-absorbing discs that cushion the vertebrae under added pressure. The average Briton spends almost three hours in front of the TV each evening.
BMW driver rammed a man in the street after a furious road rage row in east London. Footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black BMW with no shirt on. He then tried to punch the driver of a white BMW through his car window. Distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white BMW accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight. The man was taken to hospital and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm.
Maya Angelou was honored by the US Postal Service in a star-studded ceremony on Tuesday when she was honored with a Forever stamp. The author of such classics as I Know Why the Cage Bird Sings and On the Pulse of Morning was issued the stamp, which features a picture of her face and one of her famous quotes. 'A bird doesn't sing because. it has an answer, it sings because it has a song,' reads the quote, a quote that has long been attributed to Angelou, with. President Obama even using the famous line as he honored the poet
X Factor finalist, 19, announced as face of Batiste's 2015 'Ready For It' campaign. Will mark the star's first brand collaboration with the UK's number one dry shampoo brand. The campaign images shows the singer in a variety of glamorous styles and colours.
Royal Caribbean's Legend of the Seas reported 135 passengers took ill before it docked Tuesday. Just one day prior, the Celebrity Infinity cruise liner docked in the Southern California city with 106 sick. Crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships. Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus that can live on surfaces for weeks.
Marc Carn, 29, from Plymouth, went missing during a stag do in Barcelona on Saturday. He was drinking with friends near to Las Ramblas when he suddenly disappeared. The father-of-four failed to turn up for his flight home and his family became concerned. They feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins Stanley and Freddie tomorrow. But he has now been found safe and well after walking for 20 hours to find his way home.
Peter Endean re-tweeted image with caption that said: 'Labour's new floating voters. Coming to a country near you soon' Around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks trying to reach Europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from Libya. Up to 950 perished off the Italian island of Lampedusa over the weekend alone. Mr Endean, who is standing for Nigel Farage's party in council elections in Plymouth, Devon, has apologised. He said: 'I retweeted it by accident. It was not intentional and clearly
Strike by French air traffic controllers will start at 5am tomorrow and run for 48 hours. EasyJet and BA are among a host of major airlines expected to cancel hundreds of flights. Families returning from their Easter holidays and those hoping for a last-minute break will be worst affected. Experts fear up to half of all flights between the UK and France could be axed. Strike called because controllers are expected to retire later than their counterparts elsewhere in western Europe.
The feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar. It can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a users most messaged friends. Users can choose from an array of small pictures, such as a bicycle or coffee cup, to go with their status and add a location tag. Facebook is testing the service in Taiwan and Australia, where from today users of the app will see short status messages under their friends names.
Former Chancellor warns against signing up to 'blank cheques' to the NHS and foreign aid budgets. He criticises the Tory leadership for making personal attacks on Ed Miliband. Mr Clarke served as Chancellor under Margaret Thatcher, John Major and David Cameron. But he says the party has become 'too right-wing' to win an election outright.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi was allowed to leave Adiala Prison in Rawalpindi late on Thursday. His release was slammed with Indians calling it an 'insult' to the victims of the three-day onslaught. Lakhvi and six other suspects were charged in Pakistan - but their cases have made little progress in five years. The gunmen carried out twelve coordinated shooting and bombing attacks lasting four days, and killing 166 people.
Cell phone footage, recorded by the unnamed customer, starts with the woman repeatedly asking to speak to the manager to complain about the quality of a milkshake that she had just been served. The customer finally got the employee's attention and asked for a refund, but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument. 'Baby, you're about to get it,' the employee is heard saying. 'Just wait. You're gonna get your s***' The footage, first posted on Live Leak, claims to have been taken on Tuesday at a branch in Lake Charles. Burger King has since confirmed that
The coin has an image of poppies among crosses similar to those that mark the graves of fallen soldiers, and the words 'Lest We Forget' It also features a small circle that is the colour of red poppy flowers. The coin was released as part of the Royal Australian Mints Official Anzac Centenary Coin Program. One and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks.
Ella Parry, 21, 'burned up from the inside' after taking the toxic substance DNP. She began to feel unwell at lunchtime and drove herself to the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital. Doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger. There is no antidote to DNP, which is toxic and her metabolism began to soar. Despite doctors desperately trying to stabilise her, she died three hours later. Her mother Fiona, 51, has now issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online.
Walter Scott was $7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on Saturday. Court records show there was no warrant out for his arrest at the time of the traffic stop. He had been jailed three times before for missing payments, but no warrant was out for him to face a family court judge, despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012. His family believe he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on payments. Dashcam footage released on Thursday shows Scott running from his car moments before he was shot dead by Officer Michael Slager. Slager
The survey, conducted by beauty research organization LQS and Associates, looked at the lengths 1,000 American women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity, and the potentially disastrous consequences they might face in doing so. A-listers like Beyonce, Paris Hilton, and Selena Gomez all sport weaves and extensions, but their beauty regimen is not always adaptable to the average person.
Rachel Lehnardt, 35, 'allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their Evans, Georgia home' She 'left halfway through the game to have sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom' When she returned, she 'brought out sex toys and started to use them on herself' After going to bed, she woke up to find her daughter's boyfriend raping her and immediately threw him off, according to police. The girl later told her mother that his 10-inch penis was too big for her, so he had to
56-page book contains Turing's thoughts on the clearly tricky 'Leibniz notation. 'I find [it] extremely difficult to understand in spite of it having been the one I understood the best once!' he wrote. It was written at Bletchley Park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science. The notebook was among the papers he left in his will to friend and fellow mathematician Robin Gandy. Will be sold by Bonhams in New York on Monday and part of proceeds will be donated to charity.
New metro line extension opened this week in the Czech capital. But the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn't have a moving staircase. Porters are left to carry travellers' heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at Nadrazi Veleslavin station, in north-west Prague, every day.
Not on hand was Harrison Ford, who is the franchise's Han Solo. Producer Kathleen Kennedy explained the 72-year-old was'resting' after miraculously surviving a March plane crash in Los Angeles. Ford was also injured on the set of the Star Wars film and production was brought to a halt, but he recovered without any long-term issues.
Maria Kukucova, 25, was arrested in April last year after Andy Bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The blonde model had gone on the run but was tracked down to her family's home 2,000 miles away in the small western Slovakian town of Nova Basoca. Her parents Lubomir Kukuca, 50, and Danka, 51, said they feel hated in their own village after news of the murder spread. They have decided to sell their home in Nova Bosaca which is on the market for the
Eight guards at Nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-Islamic messages on social media. The employees were found to be contravening a company policy that they display 'cultural sensitivity' Seven of the men are former Australian Defence personnel. They were pictured with Pauline Hanson at a recent Reclaim Australia rally. Some of the guards compared Muslims to Nazis and accused companies with Halal-certified products of supporting terrorism. Transfield Services said the men had been stood down while an investigation was conducted.
Drew Hollinshead, 21, was driving through Bournemouth when he saw pensioner collapse. He pulled into the first space available and helped her to her feet before returning to his car. Traffic warden slapped £70 ticket on his windscreen because he had pulled into disabled bay. Student said he was punished for trying to do something good and called it 'ridiculous'
Horry County Police said the mother of an abandoned baby girl turned herself in on Thursday night. The hours old baby girl was found trapped in a tied plastic bag inside a dumpster located in an apartment complex in Myrtle Beach. Austin Detray was with his brother when they heard the infant crying from inside the dumpster and rescued her before calling for help. Emergency responders took the infant to hospital where she is listed in stable condition.
Tory leader has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters. He embarked on a tour of Alnwick to drum up support for his re-election. But he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling' in the campaign. A busker with a ukulele sang: 'f*** off back to Eton with all your Eton chums'
Marcus and his 9-year-old sister Aaliyah were trapped in a second-floor bedroom after the fire broke out on the first floor of their home in Clinton, Maryland. The boy called 911 shortly before 7am after he smelled smoke and told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped because it was too hot to get out through the hallway. Marcus was able to stay calm throughout the 11-minute call and he was rescued along with his sister.
Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, head of Deutsche Flugsicherung authority, urges industry to develop system. Could help prevent a repeat of Germanwings crash last month, which killed 150 people. Investigators believe co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit and deliberately crashed plane into mountainside. Pilots' union says idea of remote control from ground could be open to abuse.
Former California governor is the latest celebrity to speak out against Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Claims the new laws are 'distracting and divisive' for the Republican Party. Says he is 'incredibly concerned' about what happened in Indiana and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states, but 'furious' as a Republican. Schwarzenegger was the Governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
SS Sergeant Oskar Groening, 93, is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews at the Nazi extermination camp. Auschwitz survivors and the relatives of those murdered there filed into court today for the trial of 93-year-old Groening. They spoke of their pain, pride and duty in confronting this 'cog' in the machinery of genocide. Between May 16 and July 11, 1944 he was on duty when 450,000 Hungarian Jews were transported there. 300,000 were gassed just after arrival at the camp in Nazi-
Linden Adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at Kent State University in Ohio on Wednesday. The 56-year-old, who works in the College of Applied Engineering, can be heard shouting: 'What kind of moron are you?' He was then dragged to the ground as he tried to grab the windshield wipers, and the car drove off. Adkins claims he did it because he saw the motorist texting as he ran a stop sign and nearly hit a a pedestrian.
May Wong's cockapoo, Miss Darcy, has travelled to 11 countries and 23 destinations. She takes more trips with her owner every year than the average Briton and has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011. Among the landmarks they have visited are the Eiffel Tower, New Yorks Central Park and the Berlin Wall. 65 per cent of people experience separation anxiety when holidaying with pets.
Hoda Muthana, 20, studied business at University of Alabama in Birmingham. She told how she cashed in her tuition refund money and fled to Syria to join ISIS. Spent the money on a flight to Turkey, where she married Australian jihadi Suhan Rahman. Muthana's father said: 'I believe she been brainwashed. Shes not that kind of girl. They brainwashed her' Now the former student has called for drive-by shootings in America on Memorial Day and for blood to be spilled.
The March 18 video recorded by Faysal Mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his two friends. 'Plain and simple, if you f*** with me I'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,' says the officer. Mohamed's friend replies to the officer without missing a beat to say, 'Who said I was going to run?' The officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto, but were let go.
National Union of Teachers has called for a 'positive portrayal of same sex relationships' in lessons to be made 'compulsory' under the next government. It said MPs had a duty to tackle 'homophobia, biphobia and transphobia' in schools. Critics accused the NUT of intolerant proposals and said it risked sexualising children. Christian groups warned it would compel teachers at faith schools to act against beliefs.
Chris Keates, NASUWT general secretary, likened the drinks to 'legal highs' Some children drink 'excessive' amounts of Red Bull, Monster and Relentless. Teachers say it causes 'hyperactivity' and an 'inevitable crash' later in the day. The union is working with national drug and alcohol charity, Swanswell, to provide advice.
Quavious Marshall, 24, Kirschnick Ball, 20, and Kiari Cephus, 23, were escorted off the Georgia Southern University campus mid-performance on Saturday night and taken into custody. Authorities said that they suspected the music stars were in possession of drugs when 'a very potent smell' of marijuana was detected coming from their two tour buses. Multiple guns, marijuana and another undisclosed drug were discovered inside the vehicles, officials said. Migos were next due to perform at the Ksu Convocation Center in Georgia before traveling on to a number of other states.
Tinie Tempah was due to perform at 'intimate gig' in Canterbury last night. But the 26-year-old rapper arrived three hours late and only played two songs. He told the crowd: 'See you on tour' and left after just a few minutes on stage. Venue Club Chemistry has apologised and accused him of breaking his contract. Ticket-holders had been warned they would not be let in if they arrived after 11pm.
The 25-foot long wreckage was discovered floating west of Ona Beach in Lincoln County at about 9.30am on Thursday. Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the boat remains. They found'several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of Japan' An estimated 5 million tons of debris washed into the ocean in March of 2011 during the tsunami.
Spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months. Spending on women's clothes grew by 6 per cent and 4 per cent for men. Electronics spend has risen 7 per cent as consumers buy expensive phones and tablet computers. Furniture has jumped by 5 per cent, with more people sprucing up their homes.
Audio has surfaced of Michael Slager laughing and admitting to experiencing a rush of adrenaline in the minutes following the shooting. The conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer's patrol car following the incident in North Charleston on April 5. Senior officer told Slager to go home and relax, assuring him that he would not have to answer questions about the shooting for days. Footage showing Scott, 50, a Coast Guard veteran, being pulled over for a broken tail light just minutes before Slager shot him, was released to the media on Thursday.
Tory party chairman accused of doctoring pages to promote himself and damage rivals. Wikipedia user known as 'Contribsx' edited pages linked to Mr Shapps and other politicians. Ministers Justine Greening and Lynton Crosby among those mentioned in the edits. Mr Shapps has denied the claims calling them an 'extreme dirty tricks campaign' David Cameron said he has 'full confidence' in the party chairman on the campaign trail.
Tennessee last executed a prisoner in 2009. Since then, legal challenges and problems obtaining lethal injection drugs have stalled new executions. In 2013 and 2014, the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup. On Friday, the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates. It will set new dates after legal questions are settled.
The body of a New York woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour Sunday after she hung herself, police say. The unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20am Sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on Utica Ave. near Prospect Place in Crown Heights. Witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by said she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a 'Halloween prank'
Jessica Silva reveals on 60 Minutes that if she hadn't stabbed James Polkinghorne 'I would have been dead' The Sydney woman was a victim of the worst type of domestic abuse, suffering years of verbal and physical attacks by her partner. She was living in fear and violence and she told no one, when her mum saw the red marks on her heck she said "it was just a rash" 'She tells it in a ridiculously raw, emotional but extremely clear way, she deeply regrets that she ever had to end up in that situation and that it came to that' Michael Usher
Department of Twin Research, which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the UK, recently performed a poll of voting preferences. Aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances. Study looked at the voting habits of 2,355 twins born in UK between the ages of 18 and 80. Identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than non-identical twins. This suggests there is an underlying genetic influence for political alignment. Voting Conservative, or not, is strongly influenced by genetics when it comes to voting. For UKIP voting preferences, there was
Skeletons were found on top of one another in the tomb from Koreas Silla Dynasty. It's thought that the tomb was intended for a noblewoman, based on the positioning of her skeleton and objects found with her body. In contrast, no precious possessions were found with the male body, leading experts to speculate that he was a human sacrifice and possibly, her lover. Human sacrifices were buried in tombs at the time so they could act as guards in the afterlife, but the set-up in tomb is thought to be unique.
Insurgent actress Shailene Woodley uses roasted beetroot as an alternative to lipstick. Blake Lively slathers mayonnaise on the bottom half of her hair before showering. Lupita Nyong'o combats her dry skin with avocado and loves to use it on her locks. Kate Moss submerges her face into a sinkful of cucumber water in the morning to perk up her skin.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed wife Mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife. He flew into a rage after discovering her affair with postman Nick Gunn, 41. Gunn had affairs with women he had been delivering post to, it has been revealed. Former partner says he confessed to her he had cheated on previous partner with a woman. O'Rriordan was convicted of attempted murder after a jury took just two hours and ten minutes.
The Revered Al Sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the Walter Scott situation on Sunday morning at Charity Missionary Baptist Church in North Charleston, South Carolina. Mayor Keith Summey, Police Chief Eddie Driggers and South Carolina Senator Marlon Kimpson were also there to hear Sharpton speak. The civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the Scott shooting on Sunday afternoon. Sharpton remained in New York where his National Action Network was wrapping up its national convention.
Poll of 2,000 Britons found 68 per cent had hurt themselves doing DIY. Two in five injured their back, one in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes. One in 10 said they failed to follow instructions or research the right way to do the job. Men are a third more likely than women to try to cut corners.
Nafir Afzal said teenagers are at risk of 'jihadimania' and 'another 7/7' could happen. He said children are'manipulated' by Islamists and need new approach to tackling radicalisation. The former head of the Crown Prosecution Service in the north-west said young people are more likely to listen to people who have been through their experiences than authority figures. Hundreds of young Muslims are thought to have travelled to Syria to join ISIS.
Spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration. Until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast Spain. But then the climate warmed to 13°C (55°F) and became more humid. This enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions. Theory is based on analysis of the Barranco León site in the Guadix-Baza Basin in Spain.
London-based designer claims to have made the world's safest bike. Called the Babel Bike it has a host of features including a roll cage. Designer Crispin Sinclair is seeking £50,000 of funding on site Indiegogo. The bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor. It doesnt rely on pedal power alone, but rather has a motor inside that assists it at speeds of up to 20mph in the US and 15.5mph in EU.
London Mayor will make high-profile joint appearance with David Cameron. There have been calls from Tory MPs for Mr Johnson to be 'weaponised' as party seeks to break away from Labour. Tory donor said the campaign was lacklustre, negative and boring Internal polling suggests Mr Johnson is most popular senior Tory among Ukip voters.
President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands at Summit of the Americas in Panama on Friday night. White House has set expectations for a'substantive' exchange between the two men today. Expectation is high that Cuba will be removed from State Department's list of terror sponsors. Removal would also lift some economic sanctions on Cuba, which have been in place since the 1960s. Obama and Castro have met once before - at the 2013 funeral of Nelson Mandela.
Holly Barber, 25, woke up feeling unwell and with chest and neck pains. She thought it was just a hangover as she had been drinking a few days before. But when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious. Rushed to hospital where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms, blood clots blocking the main artery of her lungs, killing the tissue and stopping her from breathing properly. A year later she was diagnosed with another melon-sized blockage in her right lung. Now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots, but the shock
Centre Pompidou Malaga is the first of several pop-up versions of the Parisian institution. The southern Spanish city has become one of Europe's hippest destinations. Visitor numbers are already soaring, with some people saying Malaga will be like Barcelona in ten years.
Noel Biderman, 43, came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he was working as a sports attorney. He wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in Russia, Ukraine and the Baltic states. Ashley Madison claims to be the worlds largest dating agency for extra-marital activity which boasts life is short, have an affair The self-made multi-millionaire is a married father-of-two who claims to have been happily married for 10 years. The company hopes success in London will
Sandra Mathis, 52, was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument. The victim was found lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck under a bridge in San Diego Sunday afternoon. Mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems, according to police.
Yvonne Camargo, 39, of Victorville, California, was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on April 3. The video was filmed April 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as Edward Moneyhanz on Youtube saw the woman 'pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store' In the YouTube video Camargo can be seen wiping the young boy's face as he cries. She then reaches behind him, grabs the tablet and hits him in the face. A video viewer contacted the police after watching the footage and a deputy identified Camargo from the
The first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in Indio, California, yesterday. Could this be the worst year for Coachella street style yet? One woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips, two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug. Another was dressed in a strappy monokini, essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots, a beaded headband, shades and a sheer white printed kimono. Headgear was, as always, blindingly popular, with opulent bejew
John Brynarsky's son Chris was killed in his custom car detail shop in October 2006. When he was shot, he fell over a bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it. His friend Mark Cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside dedicated to his slain friend before reattaching it to the car. On Good Friday, John was working on a car at his father's body shop when he found the message.
Jamal Kiyemba, 36, was detained in Kampala in connection with the murder of Joan Kagezi. She was shot in the head and neck in front of her children as she left her car to buy groceries. Former pharmacy student from Leicester was held at Guantanamo Bay for four years. He was released in 2006 and awarded £1million in compensation by the British government. Kiyomba is one of 16 former Guantanamo prisoners who were paid £20million payout. His case was championed by Muslim human rights charity CAGE.
Poll of 15,560 family doctors found one in six is considering going part-time. Another one in ten is thinking about moving abroad to countries including Canada and Australia. Senior GPs say they are facing 'incredible' pressures brought on by ageing population. Morale is low despite pay deal ten years ago that resulted in salaries rising by 50%.
Hundreds of African immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across South Africa. Among them were 400 Zimbabweans, including pregnant women and babies, who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks. About 3,200 Malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos. Their plight emerged as South Africa's influential Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country.
Hayley Grimes, 42, found Baby Peter's body in a pond in Weasenham St Peter, Norfolk. She was just a teenager when she found the body wrapped in a blanket and Sainsbury's bag. Mother told police she had put the body in the pond after a stillbirth in 1988. Police used DNA profiling techniques to trace the boy's family nearly three decades on. The mother, who has not been named, was arrested on suspicion of infanticide. But the charge was dropped after she said she concealed the pregnancy from friends and family. Ms Grimes said
Julius Caesar collapsed at the battle of Thapsus in 46BC and had to be carried to safety. Historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack, highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and weakness in his limbs. But new research suggests that the Roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state. Doctors at Imperial College London analysed Caesar's symptoms in Greek and Roman documents.
Baroness Hale of Richmond wants to see bitterness taken out of matrimonial disputes. Around 120,000 couples divorce in England and Wales each year. Those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour. Lady Hale also wants couples to be made to sort out arrangements for children and money.
Marla McCants, who weighed 800lbs, was kidnapped by her ex-boyfriend when she was in her early 20s and held hostage for 13 hours. The mother-of-three suffered from arthritis, gout, swelling in her joints and diabetes, in addition to being bed ridden and in constant pain. She and her daughter moved to Houston, Texas, so she could she could work with weight loss expert Dr Younan Nowzaradan. But after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery, the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up.
Gang posed as rich Italian businessmen negotiating £1.5million gold bullion deal in Manchester. Planned to use flat-pack wooden cabinet as 'Trojan Horse' to hide in during deal with jeweller. They would show real cash in briefcase and show it to jeweller at pre-arranged meeting. Then, while a price was agreed, one of them would switch the case for one containing fake notes. Gang, posing as wealthy Italians, would then walk off with money and stolen jewellery. But police swooped on conference room at hotel and found them busy
Sarah Fox, 27, and her mother Bernadette, 57, were found dead in Bootle, Merseyside. Sarah's body was found by police on Thursday night, just hours before her mother's. Mrs Fox died of asphyxiation, while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed. Police are now hunting Peter Fox, 26, over the alleged double murder of his mother and sister. Detectives say they want to speak 'urgently' with him in connection with the deaths. They have released CCTV images of him leaving Liverpool Lime Street at 8.18pm on Wednesday.
Nearly 100 dogs were rescued Sunday from a property in Coffee County, Tennessee, where officials say they were living in total darkness inside a squalid, windowless barn. The dogs were mostly all adults and a variety of breeds including Golden Retrievers, Shih Tzus, Yorkshire Terriers and Border Collies, but some were so dirty it was hard to tell. Property owner, identified as 64-year-old Caroline Irby, was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty and booked into the Coffee County jail on $10,000 bond.
Olivier Rousteing, 29, says couple embody idea of modern family. Says they are 'among the most talked-about people' and North is 'one of the most beautiful babies on the planet' Kim and Kanye have a 22-month-old daughter, North West.
Florida Senator said he believes people are 'born with a sexual preference' Admitted he would attend a same-sex wedding of someone he 'cared' for, even if he disagreed. But insisted state legislators should decide whether or not to allow gay marriage. Rubio said he wasn't against gay marriage but said it should be between one man and one woman.
The tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the River Mersey in Stockport in the 1930s. They were originally intended to provide car parking spaces, but were redeveloped as an air raid shelter after the outbreak of the Second World War. Residents of Lancashire and Cheshire could hide from Nazi bombs in the tunnels, which were equipped with electric lighting and flush toilets. The shelter was so popular that officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who could hide there.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports. The NHL player was arrested for possession of cocaine and MDMA, also known as Molly, at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas on Friday evening. Stoll was booked into the Clark County Detention Center and was listed as having a hearing on Saturday after posting $5,000 bail. A Las Vegas criminal defense lawyer, says that Stoll will likely be offered a plea deal as a first time offender
Kelly Parsons, 35, from London has donated 50 of her eggs to help childless couples. Mother-of-two has already helped two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy. Kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate ovaries. Controversially, Kelly has told her 11-year-old daughter Charlotte that she has brothers and sisters.
The unidentified child caused the presidential residence to be closed off for a few moments on Sunday afternoon. 'Child was fine and was safely reunited with parents' following the incident, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said. It is the second lockdown in Washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on Saturday. The man died after shooting himself on the west front of the Capitol building just after 1 p.m., Capitol Police spokeswoman Kimberly Schneider said.
Coach driver was forced to perform a U-turn on a river slipway in Dartmouth, Devon. He was carrying a bus full of French tourists when he tried to take a ferry to Kingswear. The coach was turned back when it tried to board the ferry on the Kingswear side of the River Dart. Unable to reverse back up the way he had come, the driver had no other option than to perform the manoeuvre. Eyewitnesses feared that one wrong move and the bus would slid into the estuary.
Tania Rahman, 27, was asked by Salisbury City Council if she wanted to run a stand. But when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall was not 'English-themed' She was sent a letter from the council saying it 'only wanted English food' Council has since apologised for the letter and said it 'never intended to be racist' Ms Rahman has said she will now reluctantly accept the council's offer of the stall.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed. He was caught trying to sneak into Syria with eight family members earlier this month. The 21-year-old and his aunt, two cousins and one of his cousin's wives were detained. It is understood he is now returning to the UK and will fly from Dalaman to Manchester tonight. Remaining eight members of his family will remain in Turkey until Tuesday.
Laura Jordan, 24, was told her now husband, Jack Jordan, 23, had just weeks to live. The couple, from Brixham, Devon, got engaged at Jack's hospital bedside just two months ago. Friends, family, and hospital stuff rushed to plan the pair's dream wedding. They got married in Torbay Hospital Chapel just six days after the heartbreaking news. Ed Sheeran even sent them a personal video to wish them a wonderful wedding.
William Ziegler, now 39, was jailed in 2001 for the killing of Russell Allen Baker. Baker was found dead next to his house in Mobile the previous year. In 2012 his conviction was overturned by Judge Sarah Stewart who blasted his initial trial, pointing out that his lawyers were substandard. A key witness later recounted her testimony, and a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection. Today he is free again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder, with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served.
Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the New Orleans Pelicans 110-74 on Wednesday night. That's when he stopped to chat with a young fan on the sidelines, who animatedly talked and pointed to Gasol before they exchanged a high five. The young child is a devoted Grizzlies fan and popular with the players.
Candice Bergen, 68, was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit CBS sitcom, Murphy Brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988. Her penurious father left his only daughter out of his will - but not Charlie. Charlie McCarthy was willed $10,000 with the proviso that the funds be managed, invested and reinvested to fund ventriloquist performances in the future.
Niamh Geaney, 26, from Dublin, teamed up with two friends to launch a social media campaign called Twin Strangers. The aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days. It attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com' from across the world. Miss Geaney found her 29-year-old doppleganger in just two weeks - just an hour away. 'I was ridiculously nervous about how I would react to meeting someone who looks like me,' she said.
Le Manoir aux Quat'Saisons is a 15th Century manor house in the Chilterns, Oxfordshire. It boasts two Michelin-starred restaurant and in-house cookery school. Lucy Verasamy attended a Food, Body, Mind and Nutrition course at the school. She learned how to make healthy and tasty dishes using healthy ingredients.
Terry Cooper, 79, was enjoying the sunshine in his garden with his dog Sam. Huge animal burst through hedge with two cubs and had six-inch teeth. Pensioner fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there. National Farmers' Union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property.
Community Technology Alliance is giving away free Google handsets. They come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters, soup kitchens, and warn of severe weather. The phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing. Bay Area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the U.S. About 14,000 people live in San Francisco and San Jose alone.
Customer called police after seeing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish. Police raided Lo Yen City restaurant in southern Tijuana following a tip-off from client. Officers discovered caged dogs in the kitchen and a decapitated puppy in the trash. Owner Yu Yu Chou said the meat was 'for my own personal use, not for my customers' Five other Chinese restaurants in the area did not open their doors on Wednesday.
Shona Banda, 37, has a custody hearing Monday in Garden City, Kansas. Her 11-year-old son was taken by authorities on March 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services. The Department of Children and Families in the small Midwestern town then contacted police who went to Banda's home. She did not give authorities consent to search her home, but they returned several hours later with a warrant. Two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized.
Munroe Bergdorf, 27, from east London, was a boy called Ian until the age of 18. Began her transition at 19, and at 25 years old was offered hormones by her doctor. The stunning brunette has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including Illamasqua and Boy London - made famous by Rihanna. Now she's speaking out about the decision to start taking female hormones to live as a woman.
Sponge Bobby the seal was rescued in November after suffering breathing difficulties. She was nursed back to health at the Cornish Seal Sanctuary in Widemouth, Cornwall. The six-month-old seal was released back into the wild last month after recovering. Her body was recovered from a beach at Highcliffe, Dorset on Monday with a broken jaw. Experts believe she was struck by a speed boat or jet-ski and died from her injuries.
Miliband will hand Scottish MPs power to set higher state pension and more generous dole. He will unveil radical proposals in his manifesto due to be published tomorrow. Move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the Union at risk. Critics fear it could lead to the SNP and Labour veering to the Left.
Drugs worth more than ¬1.3million (£950,000) were discovered in a suitcase at Nice airport. The bag arrived at the airport from the Dominican Republic on a flight from the Caribbean. Officials questioned the tourist whose name was on the bag and are satisfied he did not smuggle the drugs.
Marion 'Suge' Knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a California courtroom on Wednesday. Death Row Records co-founder fell at a previous hearing while addressing murder charges levied against him. Knight, a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot, complained to Judge Ronald Coen and said he could walk. His lawyer, Matt Fletcher, said authorities put Knight in the chair and chained him down as part of a 'ploy' to 'humiliate' his client.
Westerners fighting for ISIS are taking part in sickening circle of violent one-upmanship. They believe ultra-violence is the only way for them to rise up the ranks in Syria and Iraq. Westerners are ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from Chechnya and East Africa. This would explain why so many are eager to take part in the terror group's sickening propaganda. One former prisoner has now revealed many Europeans are marginalised within ISIS. 'They come ­expecting a heaven and when they see the reality they are shocked,' he said.
Laura Everley, 36, had experienced bloating, back pain and constipation. She also frequently needed to urinate, but put the symptoms down to endometriosis. One evening, she saw a post on Facebook describing all her symptoms. Tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour - and the disease had spread. In October 2014, she underwent a hysterectomy to remove her womb and her ovaries. Mrs Everley is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease. WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT.
Yvonne Deegan, 77, said she was 'perfectly happy' with Dr Rory Lyons' care. Her husband Bernie, 70, died suddenly earlier this year following 12-year cancer battle. His death is one of four on island of Alderney being investigated as part of a probe into GP. Colin Cosheril, 63, and Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and May last year of heart failure. Mrs Deegan said: 'I have always been perfectly happy with Dr Lyons'
Colleen Ann Harris, known as 'Grandma Cokie', was found guilty of first-degree murder on Wednesday. Robert Harris, 72, was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple's home in 2013. Colleen Harris was acquitted in 1985 of killing her second husband, 46-year-old James Batten, in self-defense.
Dooa and Umm, whose names have been changed, escaped from ISIS' brutal al-Khansa Brigade. Pair said they were heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group's rules. Revealed they used to give 60 lashes to those who tried to flee and 40 for not wearing clothes. The pair, who are now living in Turkey illegally, are scared they will be discovered by ISIS fighters.
Federal health officials say 106 passengers and six crew members aboard the Celebrity Infinity cruise ship were sickened by the gastrointestinal illness norovirus. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in a Monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members. Main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up. Ship was on its journey from March 29 to April 13.
Toronto police officer Luke Watson has dyed his blonde hair pink in support of the annual Day of Pink event held on April 8 across Canada. Officer Ryan Willmer posted a picture of his fellow officer Luke on Twitter promising that a series of images of Luke with pink hair would follow, if the first image was retweeted 500 times. 560 retweets later and Luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to undergo the transformation.
Kim, 34, loves to spritz her face with a £12 rose water mist from Glossier. Uses NARS face wash and Black Clarisonic Mia Sonic Skin Cleansing System. Coconut oil 'can do everything', according to Kim and sisters Khloe and Jordana.
Gavin Thorman, 36, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, ran drugs empire from HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. He boasted in Welsh that he would make'millions' when he got out of jail, court heard. Father-of-four planned to spend ill-gotten money on new teeth, liposuction and a facelift. Drugs worth £200,000, luxury cars, guns and even a boat were seized by detectives when they cracked the huge crime operation which involved 26 members of the same gang. Thorman was jailed for 12 years after
Blake Cronkhite, 5, and Jayden Secrest, 3, drowned when their kid-size ATV plunged into a pond in Northern California. Both boys were wearing helmets at the time of the crash and were airlifted to a hospital, where they died Sunday night. In California, young children are permitted to ride ATVs on private property, so long as they have the proper supervision.
The Ulusaba Game Reserve is in South Africa's Sabi Sands and is Sir Richard Branson's private reserve. Kutner came face to face with three rhinos, along with documenting the roar of a bush lion, the yawn of a hippo and the prowl of a glorious leopard. The luxury accommodation at Cliff Lodge, a two-bedroom apartment within Rock Lodge, has soft sheets and a chef.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, 54, was speaking in the May issue of Marie Claire's career-oriented supplement @Work. She revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of HBO's political comedy Veep was inspired by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The former senator and secretary of state's hair has been the subject of serious scrutiny since her husband was elected in 1993.
Rand Paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional SWAG, including the 'NSA Spy Cam Blocker' The Kentucky senator made a name for himself by championing issues not typically associated with the GOP such as criminal justice reform and privacy protections. He announced this morning that he would compete for the Republican nomination for president next year. Fans will also have the opportunity to sport their support through Macbook skins and woven blankets that feature Paul's face, 'Stand with Rand' flip-flops and car mats.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have moved back to Kensington Palace. They are just a few minutes' drive from the Lindo Wing at St Mary's, Paddington. Couple spent the weekend at Kate's family home in Berkshire, where they visited a farm park. News comes as Palace reveals William will enjoy six weeks' paternity leave. Second in line to the throne is a trainee pilot with East Anglia Air Ambulance in Norfolk. Had been expected to still be working around time his wife is expecting new baby. Prince Harry will return to UK this weekend to
Alan Rogers, 73, smashed the skull of 76-year-old Fred Hatch with a claw hammer. Rogers then calmly called the police and said: 'I have just killed one of my neighbours and I have hit his head with a hammer' Mr Hatch's worried wife Enid then went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden. She then discovered Rogers standing over the bloodied body of her husband before fleeing to press a panic alarm. Today Rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today.
University of Cape Town voted to remove statue of Cecil Rhodes from campus. University's council heard it made black students feel uncomfortable and was a symbol of white oppression. The statue has been vandalised in recent weeks and will be removed today. It has not yet been decided where the statue will end up, although it will likely be held in a museum.
Police in Hagerstown, Maryland, were called to a reported break in at a house in the early hours of Thursday night. They found a man staggering around outside the house who appeared to be under the influence of drugs. Officers used a Taser to subdue him and he was pronounced dead at a local hospital. The man has been identified as Darrell Lawrence Brown, 31, of Upper Marlboro, Maryland. Hagerstown police have asked the Washington County Sheriff's Office to investigate the incident. All five officers involved are white and have been reassigned to administrative duty.
Optimal case was designed by Israel-based Amited. Sensors in the case monitor the phone's temperature and if it gets too hot, Optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans. And if the phone gets too cold, it can be heated using resistance coils. Optimal syncs with a smartphone over Bluetooth and constantly analyses the phones temperature when Auto mode is enabled. Prices haven't been announced but the case will be available for pre-order on April 9.
Charlene Mess, 48, was arrested on Monday after her husband of 30 years, Douglas Mess, 52, was found killed at their farm in Attica, New York. State police troopers went to the home after the couple's 29-year-old son reported that his father was missing. It took seven hours to locate Mess' body, which was concealed in a mound of manure at the back of the 300-acre farm.
Bridget Klecker, 42, of San Francisco, was killed and another person injured when they were struck by a car fleeing police during a wild chase through San Francisco on Friday night. Officers tried to stop the suspects' stolen car around 10pm just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns, police said. But the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk, killing her. Witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne, and the windshield was badly damaged. The car later hit a second
Victoria Wasteney, 38, was suspended for nine months from her £50,000-a-year job. Colleague Enya Nawaz accused her of trying to 'bully' her into converting to Christianity. Miss Nawaz said she offered to pray for her and invited her to church events. She also gave Miss Nawaz a book about a Muslim woman who becomes a Christian. Tribunal upheld three complaints and gave her a written warning for misconduct. Her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal. They say she was branded a'religious nutcase'
Police in Ragusa, a Sicilian port town, arrested three Syrian men at the helm of the yacht. They were attempting to smuggle 23 Syrian and Palestinian migrants to the Italian coast. It is thought each person paid $8,500 (£5,700) to make the journey, or £536,000. This is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros - £720 to £1,080 - to cross the Mediterranean to Europe. Selfies and photos taken by passengers helped police identify the smugglers, police said.
Richard Lapointe, 69, spent more than two decades behind bars for the rape and murder of his wife's grandmother. Last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on Friday, a judge ordered him to be freed on $25,000 cash bail. He later described his release as 'wonderful' and during a press conference he said he'd always dreamed of going home. Lapointe confessed to raping, strangling and stabbing 88-year-old Bernice Martin at her Manchester apartment in 1989 and was sentenced in 1992 to life in
Tim Tebow will sign with the Philadelphia Eagles on Monday, just in time for the start of the off-season program. The agreement with Tebow, 27, stems from a framework that was put into place when he worked out with the team last month. Tebow's last regular-season NFL game appearance was in December 2012 with the New York Jets, from which he was released in 2013. He spent last year as a college gridiron television commentator when no NFL team wanted him.
Bradford Brewing Company has seen spike in sales following online spat. Brewery owner Matthew Halliday said throngs of people have turned up at Brewfactory bar. Respect Party parliamentary candidate for Bradford West seemed to take offence after the firm asked him if he was'still a thing' Mr Galloway, who doesn't drink, said: 'What does that mean? And as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that?'
For the Love of Cars returns for a second series on Channel 4. Actor Philip Glenister and car designer Ant Anstead present the programme. The pair give classic cars a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory. Each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles.
Gold and silver bars were loaded onto the former Irish Sea ferry HMS Ulster Queen in 1942. It was converted into a battle cruiser with superstructure stripped to take part in Arctic convoy. Bullion was to pay the U.S. for arms shipped to Russia during crucial Second World War. As delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat, one slipped and fell into the muddy waters. Such a veil of secrecy existed over the whole operation it is not known if it was ever recovered.
Nicky Morgan says she would question whether she was 'happy to serve' with Ukip. David Cameron has urged Ukip supporters to 'come home' to the Conservatives. But he has stopped short of ruling out relying on the Eurosceptic party if he falls short of a majority. Nigel Farage has said he is not seeking ministerial office in a coalition.
Dr Teresa Belton is the author of Happier People Healthier Planet. She believes that there are simple things we can do to increase happiness. The University of East Anglia expert says they are all completely free. These include straightening posture and joining a community choir. Other practices include mindful meditation and doing voluntary work.
The latest beauty craze is having a tight jawline like Emma Stone or Margot Robie. The Nefertiti lift is named after the Egyptian queen famous for her defined jaw line. Dr Barbara Kubicka of ClinicBe says shape of the face is more important than wrinkles. She says Botox on the forehead alone doesn't improve appearance. But changing the shape of your face and tightening your jaw line does.
Ecuador staged a big-scale publicity stunt to convince tourists they were in Costa Rica. The group were tricked into thinking they were visiting the country's famous port town Golfito. But in fact, they were exploring the activities on offer in the Napo Province, in the Amazon rainforest. Costa Rica was not amused by the ruse and complained to the Ecuadorian authorities. Ecuador has since issued an apology to the Costa Rican government.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum plans to build six-storey car park. The Dubai emir has 114 cars that he hopes to park in the super car park by the Thames. Car park will have two basement floors and six storeys above ground. It will include offices, bathrooms and three triple-bedroom flats for the drivers.
Ben Powers played the character of Thelma's husband Keith in the show's sixth and final season between 1978-1979. He passed away at his New Bedford, Massachusetts home on April 6 at the age of 64. His on-screen wife Bern Nadette Stanis wrote an emotion message on Facebook on Thursday to mark the actor's death.
Visit history.google.com and log in with your Google account. Click onto a calendar view to see what you searched for on any given date. The settings button on the top right corner can download the database. To delete your entire search history, click settings, remove items and pick a time frame.
Samantha Fleming, 23, went missing from her home in Anderson, Indiana, on April 5. Her body was found Friday at a house 180 miles away in Gary, wrapped in plastic and doused in bleach. Police believe she was killed by a woman posing as a social worker. The suspect, 36, is now in police custody at a Texas mental health hospital. She is suspected of convincing Fleming to come with her to Gary so she could kill her and steal her baby. Fleming recently gave birth to a daughter, Serenity, and lives with her boyfriend, but disappeared
DIY brain stimulation kits are being sold online for as little as $55 US. They promise immediate results, but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear. Adverts promise to improve ADHD symptoms and improve maths ability and learning. Experts warn parents against using the devices on their children.
Left-wing, Buenos Aires-based Tectonica responsible for more than 200 Labour parliamentary candidates. Tory MPs last night claimed Labours Argentinian link was an embarrassment Tectonica  dubbed Argie & Argie in a jokey reference  is best known for its aggressive campaign against the US in a row over Argentina's debt crisis, which dates back to the 1982 Falklands War.
Matt Andersson, president of Chicago-based Indigo Aerospace, says any number of causes could have caused the crash in the French Alps. Claims passenger planes do not have the same level of protection as military jets and someone could have hacked into its 'control and navigation systems through malware or electromagnetic interception' He says the public should reserve final judgment until the investigators have completed their enquiries and come to a firm conclusion. Mr Andersson writes in the Financial Times that premature release of flight data recorders could be 'counterproductive'
Amanda Casey was married to Michael Wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced. He went on to marry his third wife, Shelby Wilkie, and she was murdered in 2012. Michael Wilkie was found guilty of first-degree murder in January for the 2012 killing and is serving a life sentence without parole. Casey said a few months after the wedding he began to become controlling and physically abusive. She said she feared he would kill her if she tried to take their daughter away from him. After an argument about pictures taken of their daughters together in 2006, Casey
Homaro Cantu, the owner of famed Chicago restaurant Moto, was found dead Tuesday from an apparent suicide. The 38-year-old was found hanging inside Crooked Fork Brewery, the new brewpub he was planning to open with his business partner. Cantu had recently been hit with a lawsuit filed by a former investor in Moto and iNG, a restaurant he shuttered last year. Last month, Alex Espalin accused Cantu in court papers of co-mingling funds from Moto to keep iNG afloat, even though he advised Cantu to close the business.
Abdul Hadi Arwani was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on Tuesday. Syrian national was an outspoken critic of the Assad regime and campaigned against extremist. A 46-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder. He is being questioned at a central London police station while officers continue their appeal for witnesses.
Beautician Chernae Noonan has blocked BeneFit Cosmetics' application to trademark the term 'Brow Bar' in Australia. The Queensland woman founded eyebrow shaping business The Brow Bar in 2003. BeneFit is owned by Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy, which is run by Bernard Arnault, the world's 13th richest billionaire. Mr Arnault's estimate wealth is thought to be $37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in France. Ms Noonan said journalists, media writers and online forum contributors often confused the two.
PM reveals he and wife Samantha were 'falling apart' caring for disabled son Ivan. He said: 'We weren't falling out with each other, but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything' Ivan was born with Ohtahara Syndrome, a rare brain disorder which left him in a wheelchair and needing round-the-clock care. In separate interview, Mrs Cameron spoke for first time of 'nightmare' of learning of his condition. She said looking after him had left the Camerons 'totally shattered' and trying to 'find a way through'
Army psychiatrist Major Nidal Hasan opened fire on November 5, 2009, killing 13 men and women at the military post in Killeen, Texas. Authorities initially classed the mass murder as workplace violence but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism. Earlier this year, it was ruled that victims will be honored with Purple Hearts - awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed, while serving. But one victim claims he is still going without certain benefits after Military rejected his claims that his injuries were sustained in the line of duty.
Michael Kimmel, 40, was taken into custody by Kentucky State Police on Monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider. Kimmel was ordered to stop, but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat, jeans and boots. Trooper J. Gabbard's report says that Kimmel would not take a sobriety test and refused a breath and blood alcohol test.
Jackson Byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. His girlfriend Jahnae Jackson has put her psychology studies on hold to care for him. The 18-year-old was told by doctors that the tumour was too deep and aggressive to be operated on. For the past week Jackson's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront for the risky surgery. On Monday morning they reached the target on their GoFundMe page and although they still need an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees
The move comes in response to an online petition posted on the White House website following the death of 17-year-old Leelah Alcorn. The petition currently has over 120,000 signatures. Alcorn committed suicide in December and left behind writings mentioning religious therapy. White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said the administration supports banning so-called conversion therapy treatments for minors.
Film is titled 'Battle for Sevastopol' in Russia but 'Indestructible' in Ukraine. Co-production between two countries was made just before relations nosedived. It stars Ukrainian-born sniper Lyudmila Pavlichenko, nicknamed 'Lady Death' She reportedly killed more than 300 Nazi troops in less than a year during World War Two. $5million (£3m) movie launched last week with glitzy gala premieres in Moscow and Kiev.
Evansville in Comanche County, Kansas, was once home to a post office, a grocery store and even a school house. But now, it is a ghost town, with once-thriving commissary building in a state of disrepair. However, the town is still home to two final residents - rancher Larry 'Dee' Scherich and his wife, Phyllis. They tend to the site's numerous cattle, and do not have to worry about noisy neighbors. Town once housed headquarters of largest cattle ranch in Kansas's history, dubbed Comanche Pool.
'Child 44' tells the story of a serial killer who targets children in Stalin era Russia. It is based on a novel by British writer Tom Rob Smith and was due to premiere today. Russia's culture ministry said it distorts history and would air as country celebrates victory over Nazi Germany. Culture minister Vladimir Medinsky slammed the film for its depiction of the horrors of the Stalin regime and said it misrepresented a country.
Dr Adam Cobb was taken into custody on Friday in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He was arrested for receipt and distribution of child pornography. The 45-year-old was in the US working as a research professor and director at the prestigious US Naval War College in Rhode Island. Laptops and mobile phones were seized from his home, while photos and videos of two females were also discovered on a storage device and a computer allegedly belonging to Cobb. Cobb worked for the federal government, the Royal Australian Air Force and Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove in East Timor.
The Post and Courier of Charleston, South Carolina scooped the top award for its exploration into why South Carolina is among the deadliest states for women. The paper's powerful photo series entitled 'Till Death Do Us Part,' on domestic violence scooped top award. Other winners of the coveted award included the St. Louis Post-Dispatch which won the Pulitzer prize in photography for its coverage of the Ferguson, Missouri riots in the wake of the shooting death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by police officer Darren Wilson.
Gerald Whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife April and their two young children at around 9.30pm last Thursday. But the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film, being broadcast on the restaurant's television. The scene was from risque Stars network show 'Outlander' KFC has since apologized for the incident and pledged to ensure that certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed.
Dr George Hamilton, the Chief Apostle of the W.O.R.D. Ministries in Summerville, South Carolina, gave the fiery sermon at the funeral of Walter Scott, 50, today. He said that Scott's death was'motivated by racial discrimination' and called officer Michael Slager a 'disgrace' Hamilton continued to rail against Slager, who has been jailed and charged with Scott's murder, during the service. Hundreds of mourners crammed into small church where Scott's casket was led in, accompanied by his distraught mother, Judy Scott. Scott, a
Plane reported missing 30 miles east of Oban after losing contact with ground control. Lifeboats, helicopters and the police were scrambled near Loch Etive, near Glen Kinglass. Two people thought to have been on board the plane have been found dead. Plane was travelling from central Scotland to Tiree, the most westerly island of the Hebrides.
Harley Renshawth was diagnosed with cancer in his kidney, neck, lungs and bones. He was given the all clear after battling an aggressive form of the disease for a year. Five-year-old donned a Ninja Turtle mask to help him feel brave during radiotherapy. His parents were given the news that he is cancer-free and will undergo regular check-ups over the coming years.
Couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and wine cellar. Neighbour expressed 'deep concerns' about impact of noise, vibration, dirt, pollution and dust. But Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council has approved plans subject to minor conditions. The Beckhams bought the grand property in Holland Park for £31.5 million in cash in 2013.
Alison Saunders forced into humiliating climbdown after jury threw out yet another Old Bailey case. She abandoned trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information. Decision sparked an ugly blame game as architects of the £20million politically-motivated witch hunt turned against each other. Prosecutors and police pointed finger at Leveson inquiry and MPs for whipping up storm of hysteria.
Residents of North Charleston, South Carolina, have said the shooting of Walter Scott was preceded by unheeded complaints about the police department. Michael Slager, 33, shot and killed Scott, 55, after pulling him over for a broken tail light on Saturday morning. Slager had little in his police personnel file to suggest that his bosses considered him a rogue officer capable of murdering a man he just pulled over. People in the community he served say this reflects what's going wrong with policing today: Officers nearly always get the last word when citizens complain.
Hot Dudes With Dogs features men looking hot while posing with their pet pups. The account was started by writer Kaylin Pound and relies on submissions via direct messages. Now boasting 148,000 followers, the account is dedicated to finding and posting images of the hottest guys with the cutest pups they can find.
US genealogist Megan Smolenyak has traced Hillary Clinton's roots to a mining family from Ystradyfodwg, a small community in south Wales. Mrs Clinton's great-grandmother Mary Griffiths was born in Merthyr Tydfil in the Welsh Valleys in 1850. She married William Jones, a coal miner from Neath, in 1871 and the couple settled in the area. Shortly after they arrived Hannah Jones was born, sometime between 1882 and 1883. Hannah Jones and Hugh Rodham eloped to wed in Binghampton, New York
Mackenzi Sue-Rose Miller allegedly struck and killed Trinity Bachmann, 13, on February 28 in Apopka, Florida. Her blood alcohol content level was 0.114 and 0.110, while Florida's legal driving limit is 0.08. Trinity and her mother, Janice Pedroza, 36, were arguing over who would sit in the front seat of the car when Trinity said she'd walk home and sat in the middle of the road. Miller allegedly struck both of them with her vehicle, injuring Pedroza and killing Trinity. Police said Miller reeked of
Julio 'Wemo' Acevedo, 46, was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed Nachman and Raizel Glauber. The driver, who was convicted in February, is thought to have been traveling in his BMW at 70mph, twice the speed limit, when the incident occurred just after midnight on March 3, 2013. He repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on Monday and said that he was remorseful. Acevedo has a history of felonies, including a 1987 murder
Martin and Jessica Castillo, from Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, lost the ring while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in Playa del Carmen in February 2013. They had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told it had been found by Massachusetts resident Daniel Roark. Mr Roark, 22, launched a Facebook campaign to return the ring, which was lying under seven feet of water for over a year. In honor of the lucky reunion, the couple have renewed their vows and asked Mr Roark to serve as their 'padrino de anillo
The 46-year-old appeared close to tears as he referenced his daughter's ongoing battle for her life. The former boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were 'rough times' Bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the Soul Food Festival in downtown Los Angeles on Saturday after months by her side.
Ronald Anderson, 48, was arrested after he kidnapped a woman, shot a Census Bureau guard and led police on a car chase before authorities cornered him in an exchange of gunfire that left him and a police officer wounded. The guard, Lawrence Buckner, 59, died at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland, at 7:19 p.m. Thursday - his age is not known. Anderson had previously been convicted with manslaughter and was recently charged in an assault case involving his 'visibly afraid' girlfriend. He was arrested February 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the Washington
Shamima Begum, Amira Abase and Kadiza Sultana, all 15, fled to Syria last February. They crossed Turkish-Syrian border and are now believed to be living in Raqqa, Syria. It is understood they are now training with al-Khansa brigade - terror group's all-women police force. Covered in black from head-to-toe and wielding automatic weapons, they are feared by local women. Accused of doling out savage beatings on streets of Raqqa and spying on its citizens. Group has declared children as young as nine should be
Ukip leader was booed by voters at Westminster's Methodist Central Hall. He faced claims he blamed all of Britain's problems on migrants. Pollster ICM was hired by the BBC to select the audience members. Today defended its process 'using random location selection techniques' BBC stressed that the audience was carefully selected by an process.
Former SNP leader said he would find it difficult to avoid a deal with SNP in a hung parliament. He suggested Mr Miliband only rejected the idea because he was 'under pressure from the Conservative press' He said all parties would have to face up to the 'electorate's judgment' after polling day. Comes after SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon warned Mr Miliband he would not be forgiven if he allowed David Cameron back into Downing Street.
Holly, 34, and Davina, 47, star in Garnier Nutrisse campaign. Can be seen larking around with hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache. Holly has also designed a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies.
Rosannah Gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in December last year. The seven kilogram tumour is pressing against the 19-month-old's spine and vital organs. It has been a month since Rosannah's last chemotherapy treatment. Her family is now seeking treatment in the United States in the hope that a solution can be found. Rosannah's aunt Jessica Searle said she is beginning to experience more pain as her condition worsens.
Yogita, five, Anisha, three, and Harsh, 18 months, are among the world's heaviest young children. They weigh 5st 5lbs (34kg), 7st 8lbs (48kg) and 2st 5lb (15kg) respectively and eat 18 chapatis, 3lbs of rice, 2 bowls of broth, 6 packets of crisps, 5 packs of biscuits, 12 bananas and a litre of milk daily. Their father Rameshbhai Nandwana, 34, of Gurjarat, India, is planning to sell his kidney to pay for
Mohammed Ali Malek, 27, was arrested when he stepped onto Sicilian soil last night. He is accused of killing 900 men, women and children in one of the worst maritime disasters since World War Two. Prosecutors claim he contributed to disaster by ramming overcrowded boat into merchant ship. As a result of collision, migrants shifted position on boat, causing it to overturn. Bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy were carried off the ship for burial in Malta. Survivors were brought to migrant holding center in Catania and were'very tired, very shocked, silent'
ComRes survey shows Lib Dems are up three points to 12 per cent, level with UKIP. It is the first time since late 2013 that Ukip has failed to outpoll the Lib Dems. Tories on 34 per cent and Labour on 33 per cent with less than a month to go to election day. Poll also gives Tories a commanding lead on key economic issues.
Text message intended for senior aide accidentally sent to newspaper. Would mean those on minimum wage would be exempt from paying any income tax. Labour's Ed Miliband has pledged to raise level above £8 an hour by October 2019. But Tories look set to outflank both Labour and the Lib Dems on the issue of low pay. Danny Alexander said it would be another unfunded spending commitment.
Frankie Ruttledge, 24, from Strensall, Yorkshire, weighed 18st 7lbs. She was a size 28 and thought of herself as the 'fat bridesmaid' three times. Ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast, pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner. Dropped to 12st in less than two years and is now a size 10/12. Says she is looking forward to her own wedding and wants to wear a size ten dress.
Sienna Miller's mother started one of the first London yoga schools in the Seventies. Despite being'very sporty at school', the actress says she's 'not a gym person' The slim actress also works with a personal trainer, power-walking and jogging around her local park.
Photo was taken by Brad Allan in Cape York, far north Queensland. He was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye. The 50-year-old describes it as 'the sunrise digger who's been watching over us for 100 years' The image was taken about two weeks before the 100th anniversary of the landing on Gallipoli.
Dana Marie McKinnon, 24, charged with DUI manslaughter and vehicular homicide in May 18, 2013, crash that killed Orlando businessman Vihn Vo, 42. McKinnon was 21-year-old student at University of Central Florida when she lost control of her Mitsubishi Eclipse while trying to navigate a curve in the road at 5.30am. She slammed head on into Mr Vo's white 2009 Toyota Sienna minivan, causing both vehicles to spin out and killing him. Tests later showed that her blood-alcohol level at the time was.163 - more than twice
David Axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for Barack Obama. Hired by the Labour leader amid great fanfare last year to refine his message on cost of living. Labour confirmed it pays Mr Axelrod in dollars through his consultancy firm. But he revealed he is not resident for tax purposes in the UK on reported £300,000 salary.
The 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on Tuesday in in Arapahoe County District Court after a selection process that began on January 20. Holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the July 2012 attack at a Century movie theater in Aurora, Colorado, during a midnight screening of the film The Dark Knight Rises. Jurors will decide whether he was legally insane at the time of the shooting. If they find him guilty, they must also decide if he should be put to death or sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Eating protein with every meal is vital to strong, healthy hair, experts say. Florisene pills (£15.95, lambertshealthcare.co.uk), which contain iron, don't cause digestive irritation. Study found women with increased hair-shedding responded well to iron supplements. Caffeine in Alpecin (£7.49 for 200ml, from chemists) is said to stimulate weakened hair roots.
Northern Territorys Chief Minister Adam Giles and Minister for Children and Families John Elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in Alice Springs. 'Im giving the parents of the children responsible for this spate of violence a very clear message. Get your kids off the streets. Get them back to communities and back into school, Mr Giles said. On Monday night, 42 people were taken into protective custody and 34 young people were driven home after a group of 50 young people threw large rocks at police. No rocks were thrown at police but
Rob MacFarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up. The crane he was working on stands east of the Rogers Centre at Yonge and the Esplanade in Toronto. MacFarlane shared his first picture of 'Little Mac' on social media on Thursday morning.
Rebecca Exton-Russell, 37, was formally a size 18 and posed for M&S, QVC and Dove. She was secretly'repulsed' by her body, so checked into a military-style fitness camp. Dropped from 14st to just below 12st and slipped into size 12 outfits. Now has set up her own jewellery and gift business, Louise, which she runs with her partner.
Dr Rory Lyons' private health centre raided and he has been suspended. Cousins Karen and Colin Cosheril were patients of Alderney family doctor when they died. Karen, 52, died in January of pneumonia and Colin, 63, died of heart failure in May. Dr Lyons was suspended by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service on Thursday. More than 10 police officers flew to island to search Dr Lyons' Eagle Medical Practice.
Abdulkadir Zeyat, 45, his wife Antika, 43, and their six children were found dead at home. Eldest son Kemal, 19, had returned from work to find his parents and six siblings dead. Turkish authorities believe the family, who had six children, died of food poisoning. Other theories suggest a gas leak from a gas cylinder used for lighting purposes.
Leanna Norris, 25, of Auburn, Maine, drugged daughter Loh Grenada, 2, with Benedryl. She then covered her mouth and nose with duct tape and smothered her, court heard. Body was found in the front seat of her car in Stetson on June 24, 2013. Norris' ex-boyfriend Michael Grenda testified about the couple's rocky relationship. He said he told Norris 'that was the end of everything' and she was 'crying and smashing her head against the wall' Court heard she was depressed and had
Sally White, 28, rescued the animal from a bleak hillside where he was abandoned. His ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive more than a few days. But Sally's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed. She wanted the horse called Miller to play a part in her wedding celebrations.
Larry McElroy, 54, shot an armadillo in his Leesburg, Georgia backyard. The bullet ricocheted off the animal's shell and hit his 74-year-old mother-in-law Carol Johnson in the back. She suffered non-life-threatening injuries and was talking all the way to the hospital. Lee County Sheriff's department said they recommend using a shotgun to kill vermin.
Dino Maglio, 35, has been found guilty of raping a 16-year-old Australian girl. The former policeman was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on Tuesday. Maglio spiked the girl's drink of Baileys liqueur with a tranquilliser pill. He has admitted drugging her and having sex with her, even though he knew she was under-age. But Maglio told police he was'stupid' to spike her drink and that the sex was consensual.
Ethical Maldives Alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott 'high risk' resorts. Hotels are colour-coded according to their links to human rights abuses and corruption. Maldives has come under scrutiny after former president was found guilty of terrorism charges. High Commission of the Maldives told MailOnline that the Government is committed to promoting development.
Supermarket forced to recall Little Angels 2 Newborn Soothers 0+ for choking risk. Customers have been asked to either dispose of the products or return them for a refund. Asda said that no other Asda Little Angels dummies had been affected by the recall. Comes after the Little Angels Cherry Soother was recalled in January 2013 after a fault was identified. This was after a choking risk emerged when one came apart in a baby's mouth. Supermarket apologised for any inconvenience caused and said it was a 'precaution'
Lizzy Hawker entered the 2005 Ultra-Trail du Mont-Blanc on a whim. The 29-year-old has since gone on to become Britains most distinctive female ultra runner Her book is strong on Buddhist philosophy and the peace that comes with living fully in the now.
The first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the Washington D.C. area that eldest daughter Malia is now a licensed driver. 'I've got a driver  a 16-year-old  driving around,' the first lady said during an appearance on Live! With Kelly and Michael broadcast from the White House on Monday. Although Malia receives protection from the Secret Service, Mrs. Obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the House grounds on her own. The always stylish Mrs Obama also embraced the white hot trend of wide leg pants.
Rape Crisis London has launched the #ThisDoesn'tmeanYes campaign. The initiative aims to stamp out the myth that women are 'asking for it' because of their clothes. A photographer captured 2,000 pictures of 200 women in London as part of the campaign.
Former NT Labor party figure Matthew Gardiner has reportedly been detained at Darwin airport. He arrived at the airport early on Sunday morning after flying from the Middle East via Sweden and Singapore. The 43-year-old is believed to have been fighting against the Islamic State in Syria. In January he fled the country with plans to join Kurdish militants. Mr Gardiner, who has an army background, was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list. Attorney General George Brandis was delivered an AFP brief on the Gardiner case.
David Cameron will claim Labour's economic policies risk putting a million people out of work. Says he is'really angry' at Labour's claim Tories are 'party for the few, not the many' Hails 'jobs miracle' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day in Britain. Claims Ed Miliband's policies could see'million more joining dole queues'
Collagen-laced brew, created by Japanese liquor company Suntory, boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can. Collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure, firmness and texture, making people appear more youthful. As it gets older, the bodys reserves of collagen deplete, causing skin to lose firmness. Last year Tokyo eatery, Zenyaren, revealed that has begun serving skewers of meaty treats designed to beat wrinkles.
Fishermen in Guilin, southern China, release a cormorant bird, which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp, returning it to the fisherman's reed raft. The fishermen quite literally just take the carp right out of the bird's mouth after the hungry animals return with their haul. Breathtaking early morning images were captured by 45-year-old Viktoriaa Rogotneva from St Petersburg.
MailOnline Travel has compiled a list of beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins. The Keukenhof Gardens in Lisse, the Netherlands, is known as one of the world's most beautiful gardens, with seven million blooms. In New York City, take in the sights of the Smithsonian alongside the city's cherry blossom trees and visit the Cherry Blossom Fiesta in Central Park.
Ultimo founder Michelle Mone, 43, bought the three-bedroom townhouse for £780,700 after she split from her ex-husband Michael in 2011. She spent months renovating the period two-storey property in Park Circus, Glasgow, which has been 'impeccably refurbished' It features a grand staircase, marble fireplace and marble reception hall, as well as a fully integrated kitchen and drawing room. Each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards, sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains. It is being marketed by estate
Gold Coast City Council will be able to shut down illegal party houses in suburban areas after the state government approved new planning powers. There are more than 700 party houses across the city, which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours. The new powers, approved by Deputy Premier and Planning Minister Jackie Trad, means there is now an official and legal definition of a party house so the council can enforce laws to shut them down in certain areas.
More than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off, travel-themed auction at Christies South Kensington. Highlights include 11 restored photos of Captain Scott's fateful British Antarctic Expedition, valued at £20,000 to £30,000. Another item is a silver-mounted and engraved leather parade saddle made by the Hollywood-based Edward H Bohlin Company, which served as the saddle-maker to the stars
Every last piece of hunting memorabilia has been removed from public display. Even the blood-red walls have been painted white, as if to make clear break with the past. All 62 items, including an Indian tiger, a leopard, skins and tusks, have been placed in storage. New items include an ashtray used by King George V and a Sandringham Cycling Club badge.
Mohamed Soltan, 27, was sentenced to life in prison on Saturday. He was found guilty of plotting unrest against the military-backed government that overthrew Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in a 2013 coup. Judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata is known for his harsh rulings in cases involving the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt has banned and labeled a terrorist group. Soltan had been on a hunger strike protesting his arrest and has done 'irreparable damage' to his body.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too 'unattractive' for her. Ryan Ranellone, 29, tells the cameras that he remains committed to cultivating a real relationship with his new wife. Meanwhile, Davina Kullar, 34, and Sean Varricchio, 35, continue to build an emotional bond.
Five Afghan men found in refrigerated lorry on A40 near Churcham, Gloucestershire. Police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck's back doors. It is thought the men climbed into the lorry in Belgium before travelling across the channel. The men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in Calais.
Police believe missing toddler William Tyrrell may be alive, despite fears he was abducted by a paedophile ring. 'The two worlds collided. We have information that could link Williams disappearance to a group of people suspected of paedophile activity,' said Detective Inspector Gary Jubelin. The focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically, and is now 'progressing rapidly', according to Detective Superintendent Mick Willing. This comes as the three-year-old's mother spoke out about the horrifying moment she realised her son was missing. William's parents released a heart-wrenching video pleading for
Unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the Milky Way galaxy. White dwarf star is the dense core of a star like the Sun that has run out of nuclear fuel. Gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than that at the Sun. Debris is then heated and glows in X-rays as it falls onto the white dwarf. Researchers estimate that the destroyed planet would have contained about a third of the mass of Earth.
Natalie Bennett said the 'citizens' income' would take longer than five years to bring in. She said it would be a 'right of citizenship' regardless of wealth or whether they are seeking work. Another Green pledge is to dismantle the Armed Forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines. The partys policy of leaving Nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was many decades into the future
Around 650 foreign entrants, three times more than last year, joined in today's event under the constant watch of soldiers. The event - which only opened its doors to non-local amateurs in 2014 - was founded in 1981 in the single-party country. Photographs of this year's event were submitted by people from Koryo Tours who flouted the ban to secretly snap the runners on their smartphones. Runners praised the jovial atmosphere as thousands of supporters turned out to cheer them on.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia came to a spectacular close on Thursday night. FEMAIL take a look back at the week, taking note of the trends emerging from the shows. Some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price tag. Other trends were so wearable we wanted to snap them up straight off the model's backs.
Sabra Dipping Co. said the total number of containers in the recall comes to 'approximately 30,000' Only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company's Classic Hummus. Sabra has a production plant in Virginia's Chesterfield County. Customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores.
Heather Mack, 19, smiled and laughed as she cradled baby Stella in a holding cell. She sang the Rihanna hit Umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom. Mack and boyfriend Tommy Schaefer are accused of killing Mack's mother Sheila von Wiese-Mack in Bali in August last year. Prosecutors have asked judges to jail them for 15 years and 18 years respectively. But Mack has said that she intends to keep Stella with her until the child is two years old. Both defendants now face a five day wait to find out their fate.
Sue Sharp, 57, bought leg of lamb from Asda in Midlothian, Scotland. She was shocked to find a stamp on the £11 joint saying it had come from New Zealand. Asda said the mislabelled lamb was a one-off and that the gaffe was the result of human error. But Mrs Sharp has questioned the claim and is now warning other shoppers to be extra vigilant when choosing their joints.
Steven and Sarah Nick allegedly stole more than $50,000 from their mother. Police raided their Michigan home after concerns were raised by adult protective services. It is alleged they gained access to her 67-year-old mother's bank account. They are accused of plundering her savings and writing blank cheques to themselves. Officers also discovered a number of bullet proof vests, including one for the couple's daughter. One of the vests had a patch on it that read 'We kill for peace'
Only 43 per cent believe Prince Charles should ascend to the throne, poll reveals. Almost identical number say he should stand aside in favour of his elder son Prince William. William and Prince Harry are most popular members of Royal Family, closely followed by the Queen and the Duchess of Cambridge. Despite courtiers' efforts to have Camilla accepted into nation's hearts, 55 per cent are against Duchess of Cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king.
Ashleigh Sokie was asked to wash Niall Horan's clothes after his washing machine broke. The One Direction fan then posted a picture of herself wearing the star's top. She also posted a snap of his boxer shorts and Chelsea training kit. Sokie also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy. Niall has been in Georgia this week for the US Masters, caddying for Rory McIlroy.
Endangered gibbons, leopards and elephants in south east Asia at risk. Researchers at the University of East Anglia say 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone. The tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown.
Ms Sturgeon refused to rule out holding a second independence referendum in next few years. Refused to call for another plebiscite in SNP manifesto for Westminster election in May. Two years ago, she said independence vote was 'once in a generation thing' But last night, in an election debate on Scottish TV, said she respected last year's result. She said: 'I'm offering to help make Ed Miliband prime minister. I don't want to see the Tories in Downing Street'
William Kerr, 53, is believed to have travelled to London after disappearing from approved premises in Hull. He was released on licence in January after spending 17 years in jail for the murder of Maureen Comfort, who was found dead in 1996. Crimestoppers is offering a reward for information that leads to the arrest of Kerr.
A third of Australian women are not finding time for the things they love. More women are choosing work and'more important things' over their passions, according to a recent survey of 1,025 Australian parents. Clinical psychologist and Happiness Institute Wellness expert Dr Paula Watkins says the cost of this will be our happiness - and potentially that of our children. Dr Watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload. Pursuing pastimes and creative outlets has a positive impact on children.
Kevin Russ hopped trains, dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down South. He traveled from California to Colorado, making his way through Arizona, Texas and New Mexico. The photographer has clocked tens of thousands of miles in the last couple of years as he's journeyed across the country to take photographs.
Boris Johnson: The problem with Ed Miliband is that he wants to take the country back to the 1970s. Britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars  the most since 2007  and we are poised to overtake France and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in Europe. 'I am not surprised to discover that one of the key authors of the Labour Party manifesto is my former adversary Ken Livingstone'
Joe Anderson, 56, was a senior learning mentor at Chesterfield High School, Merseyside. He claimed £4,500 per year from the school despite doing nothing for pupils. Mr Anderson, who is paid an £80,000 salary, tried to sue the school for discrimination. Claimed he was being punished for his 'philosophical belief' in public service. Tribunal ruled he was unfairly dismissed, but said he was not entitled to compensation. Also ruled that he had not been discriminated against because of his public sector pension.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness. Debate has ensued over whether privacy laws regarding medical records should be less strict when it comes to professions that carry special responsibilities. It has been widely argued that Germany's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy.
Ronnie Carroll died two days after getting on ballot paper for Hampstead and Kilburn. Due to stand as an independent, he was 80 and had contested elections before. Mr Carroll came fourth in the 1962 and 1963 Eurovision Song Contest. He died following a battle with cancer, during which a friend handed in his nomination papers as he was too ill to do so himself.
Cataract treatment is being rationed in England to save money, new figures reveal. Operation usually costs NHS between £800 and £900 per eye, but some trusts are charging up to £2,700. Campaigners accused hospitals of profiting from elderly patients. 41 hospital trusts said they offered patients the opportunity to pay for cataract surgery.
Study was conducted by scientists at Purdue University in Indiana. They were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions. Research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes. When the plane was stationary, the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on. But when it approached them with its lights off, their response slowed. And they only became more alert when they were turned on when approaching. The authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, from Rochdale, held at Birmingham Airport by anti-terror police. He was deported by Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane last night. Ahmed and eight of his relatives were stopped on Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They included four children aged one, three, eight and 11, and a one-year-old baby. His father, Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, said he wanted his son 'to come home as soon as possible'
Fireman Stephen Hunt, 38, lost his life tackling the inferno at Paul's Hair World. Girl, then 15, dropped a cigarette which rolled underneath the shop's fire exit. She was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered, but was cleared having been due to stand trial on Monday. Judge said she was 'guilty only of being careless' and threw out the case. More than 60 firefighters battled the blaze which erupted on July 13, 2013.
Farmers and shearers across Australia are 'prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry' after PETA released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep. The Victorian Farming Federation launched an official complaint to the Advertising Standards Bureau on Monday. PETA later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed 'the realities of the Australian wool industry' The campaign aims to deter people from purchasing wool products and gives a number of alternatives such as cotton, linen and fleece. But many shearers, farmers and wool buyers have
Lee Allan Bonneau, 6, died from blunt force trauma to the head in August 2013 following savage attack on a reservation in Saskatchewan, Canada. A 10-year-old boy, identified in court documents as L.T., reportedly admitted to killing Lee Bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying. L.T. then changed his story, according to Thursday's hearing, saying the he was the one who killed the younger child. Lee Bonneau had been removed from the home of his biological mother, Stacey Merk, just two and a half months before his death
NBC News chief foreign correspondent Richard Engel was kidnapped in Syria in 2012. He was held captive for five days and believed he was held by government forces. But new information suggests he was most likely taken by Sunni rebels instead. Broadcaster said it is clear they were kidnapped by a criminal gang for money and released. NBC said it was clear the group were released for 'propaganda purposes'
Kai Windsor, 10, from Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, started life as a girl named Kaia. He shunned traditional girls toys in favour of kicking a ball around. By four, he refused to wear dresses and at six he wanted his hair cut short. At nine, he finally broke the truth to his mother Rachel, 37, telling her: Im really a boy' Kai is now set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty.
Dietrich Evans, 22, arrested on suspicion of shooting Kay Hafford, 28, in the head. Police say she got into an angry confrontation with another driver and honked at him. He then aimed a gun at the passenger window of her car and pulled the trigger. Hafford suffered bullet fragments in the bottom right side of her brain and is still recovering. Evans, a documented gang member, has been charged with aggravated assault.
iRobot has filed a request with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to use airwaves for its latest design of lawnmower. The frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 MHz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on. Astronomers want the company to implement 'exclusion zones based on geolocation' to keep lawnmowers at least 55 miles (89km) from telescopes.
Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia 2015 ended in Sydney on Thursday night with a spectacular show by Johanna Johnson. The glamorous Hollywood-inspired collection, 'Sirens' Call', featured mirrored embellishments, fringing, and feathers. Johnson said ahead of the show that she intended to 'bring a little bit of Hollywood to Sydney' The in-demand designer is a favourite amongst celebrities, including Madonna.
Hayley Sandiford, 30, has been told she must get rid of her American bulldog Winston. The pet has attacked several postmen in Blackburn, Lancashire, over the last year. One postman had to cower behind a tree and throw his remaining letter to distract the animal. Another had to kick Winston in the head twice to fend him off after being bitten on the arm. Housing association has now taken her to court and ordered her to find a new home for dog. Winston's attacks have led to a 14 month ban on all postal deliveries to 60
Lisa Skinner, 52, shot estranged husband Bradley Skinner, 59, after he broke into the house she shared with her mother in South Huntsville, Alabama. Police said Mr Skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife. Officers from Huntsville police arrived on scene and heard gunshots ring out and saw Mrs Skinner in the garage holding the shotgun. They demanded that she drop her weapon but when she turned toward them with the gun in her hand, at least one officer fired at her, wounding, but not killing her. Mrs Skinner was struck by the police gunfire and both she and her husband
Budi the orangutan spent the first year of his life trapped in a chicken coup. He was rescued by the International Animal Rescue in Borneo, Indonesia, last December. Meanwhile, eight-month-old Jemmi was orphaned when her mother was killed and then illegally sold as a pet. Now the two apes have formed a 'beautiful friendship' at the rescue center in Indonesia. Video footage shows them eating meals together and playing on the ropes.
A video of a crocodile swimming through a public marina with a dead pet dog locked in between its jaws has been viewed more than half a million times online. The clip shows a large croc calmly moving through the marina in the tourist hotspot of Puerto Vallarta, in Mexico, with a black dog wearing a red collar lifeless in its mouth. New Zealander Tim Weston was on holiday with his wife when he saw the alarming sight. Mr Weston told Daily Mail Australia the dog belonged to the local bike shop's owner.
Directorate of Religious Affairs for Turkey has decreed that the use of toilet paper is acceptable but water is preferable. Islamic teachings state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet. Followers are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit. The code, known as Qadaahul Haajah, is part of a set of guidelines based on teachings of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
Measurements made by the European space probe Philae show the comet's core isn't magnetised. Some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation. But scientists say their data don't support this theory.
Two 17-year-old boys arrested on suspicion of preparing to travel to Syria to join terrorists. Man, 39, also held on suspicion  of fundraising for the purpose of terrorism, Scotland Yard said. West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit has appealed for help in identifying would-be terrorists.
Sebastian Thrun founded the Google X laboratory where the Internet search giant has developed Google Glass and driverless cars. He said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition. But he said that, much like data is now routinely transmitted via computers, the same may soon be true for full personalities. Google has already developed a system to allow robots to download new personalities online.
Cate McGregor was surprised when she was unconditionally backed by the cricket community and the Australian Army. But it was Tony Abbott's response to her transformation from man to woman that knocked her for six. It took less than an hour for the federal Liberal leader to call Ms McGregor after she forwarded the chapter of her book that outed her. Ms McGregor spent 40 years in the Army, most of those under the name Malcolm. In 2012, after years of drowning agonising pain with alcohol and drugs, McGregor stopped 'functioning' as a man and chose to live as a woman.
Hafeez Bhatti, 33, and his wife Khalida, 26, were verbally abused on a Sydney train. Stacey Eden, 23, overheard the woman calling them 'ISIS terrorists' and stood up for them. The Brisbane couple's mosque in Holland Park has offered Ms Eden and her partner an all-expenses-paid trip to visit the mosque and see their mosque. Police sources told Daily Mail Australia a formal investigation is 'definitely' under way into Wednesday's incident.
Elton John and lead singer of the band REM Michael Stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates in response to allegations of mistreatment at a Georgia prison. Transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison, and yet they continue to face horrific injustices, according to a joint statement the musicians released Tuesday. Last week, the US Justice Department said prison officials must treat an inmates gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition. A February lawsuit from the Southern Poverty Law
Dr. Nikita Levy was fired from John Hopkins Health System in February 2013 after it was discovered he had secretly videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams. He committed suicide ten days later. Investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home. During his 25-year tenure, he saw roughly 12,600 patients.
Kim, Kanye and Khloe arrived in Paris on Tuesday with their daughter. North was christened in Jerusalem's Old City on Monday. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. Paris is a favourite city of Kanye and Kim's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations.
People walking along Somerton Beach, southwest of Adelaide, found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on December 1, 1948. A post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body. The Persian phrase 'ended' was scrawled on the scrap of paper and the discovery of a secret code and a woman's telephone number in the book where the paper came from. Adelaide University Professor Derek Abbott said there was 'a good chance' of identifying the body if South Australian Attorney-General, John R
The 630ft New York Wheel will be able to carry as many as 1,400 passengers at a time. It will include mobile bar cars, a 20-seat restaurant, a 4-D ride on the ground and an LED light show. Ticket prices will range from an estimated $25 to $30 for a 38-minute ride. Planners hope it will join the Statue of Liberty and Empire State Building.
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School developed the device that clips onto the camera of an iPhone 4s. It uses the powerful cameras available on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells. When clumped around a cell, the beads alter the way the light is scattered by the sample. They produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump together. The researchers claim it can asses 100,000 cells from a single image in around 45 minutes. Each test costs around £1.20 ($1.80) and they say it can even return results within two
Jerry Grayson, 59, was once the youngest pilot to join the Royal Navy. He was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the Fastnet Yacht Race. Mr Grayson set himself the task of tracking down every chopper he flew in. After travelling 23,000 miles, he found that one of the choppers had been turned into a so-called 'glamping' unit.
Nyia Parler, 41, is in hospital in Maryland for undisclosed reasons. Her 21-year-old son was found in a wooded area outside Philadelphia last Friday. Police believe he had been in the woods for five days and was exposed to the rain and cold and wild animals. He was found next to his wheelchair. Parler was initially charged with aggravated assault, kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person, and police have now added attempted murder to the list. She told relatives she had taken her son with her to visit her boyfriend, who thought other relatives were watching him
The box truck collided with a car on Interstate 93 southbound in the city's Dorchester neighborhood at about 6am. Both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. As officials didn't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck, replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers.
Prime Minister made the gaffe on a campaign visit to Devon this morning. He quickly got into a muddle about the Devon and Cornish way of eating a scone. Mr Cameron said: 'When you are in Devon you do the jam and the cream in a different order to Cornwall, is that right?' His prediction was correct, as he added: 'In Devon it's jam first and cream on top?'
Martin Alvarado Jr., from Cicero, Illinois, appeared in court on Monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of 18-month-old Edwin Eli O'Reilly. He was watching Edwin at their home last Thursday when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change, according to police. Enraged, he allegedly repeatedly hit the little boy. Edwin was rushed to hospital where he later died. Alvarado allegedly confessed to the assault on videotape.
Venessa Harris was diagnosed with bone cancer just months after winning a modelling contest. The 12-year-old was named international winner in the Tamblyn Young Model Discovery contest in September. She is now undergoing chemotherapy in Brisbane and is expected to make a full recovery. Tamblyn Models have started a fundraising campaign to help Venessa and her family through her treatment.
Liberty Baker, 14, was hit by Robert Blackwell's car as she walked to school. The 19-year-old had smoked cannabis the day before the crash in Witney, Oxfordshire. He was driving at 44mph in a 30mph zone when he lost control of his Citroen C2. Blackwell was jailed for four years at Oxford Crown Court yesterday. Family say they are 'devastated' by the sentence handed to him.
Deanna Rudison, 55, has been charged with aggravated battery after New Orleans police say she was caught on video throwing bleach in the face of two high school students. The incident took place Monday morning at a Quick Stop gas station in the 3300 block of Carondelet Street. Rudison turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery. Her son, 27-year-old Jonathan Rudison is still at large.
Teenager from Mossley, Greater Manchester, ordered poison off the 'dark web' He was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers. They feared he was planning an attack and raided two homes in Tameside in February. He pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at Manchester Youth Court earlier this month. But he claimed he was attempting to buy poison because he wanted to commit suicide. The 16-year-old was sentenced to a 12 month referral order at the court.
Oklahoma University student Kelsey Higley used photoshop to digitally alter her body. The 22-year-old used 126 different images to create a video entitled 'Manipulation' It shows how different her body might look if it had different proportions. At its most extreme, her body has a tiny waist, large breasts and large eyes.
Micha Stunz, 45, has a 9 inch-long, 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5  9.5lbs, between 3 and 4.3kg, he says. His interest in penis modification was piqued when he was given a penis pump at 20-years-old and found it felt 'great' He then began enlarging himself with saline injections before opting for the more permanent silicone ones. He uses his satchel to cover his groin area when he is in public.
Man called Alex posted a video on YouTube in which he asked Siri questions about gay marriage, where to find a gay club and how to register a gay marriage in the UK. He asks Siri in Russian 'Is gay marriage normal?' and gets the response: 'I believe this emotion should be considered negative' He also asks 'Siri, gay clubs around me?' and is told 'I would have turned red if I could' Apple has said the responses to Alex's questions were down to a 'bug'
IpsosMori interviewed 98 candidates from all three main parties in major poll. Not one Labour candidate listed the deficit as one of the country's biggest issues. 35% of Tories mentioned the deficit, 5% of Lib Dems and 9% of the SNP. Immigration, housing and international ties were the least likely to be mentioned. The economy and the NHS were the most frequently mentioned issues.
The Anantara is part of The Palm project and is like nowhere else. Because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the Maldives. The resort has three turquoise-blue 'lagoons' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels. Becky Adlington Swim Stars for 3,500 children is learning to swim with them.
David Cameron has admitted Boris Johnson is aiming to be the next Tory leader. He said the London Mayor has'suddenly realised' he is not his 'competition' The Prime Minister named Theresa May, George Osborne and Boris Johnson as possible successors. Mr Cameron said: 'Terms are like shredded wheat : two are wonderful but three might just be too many' Comes after Mr Cameron revealed he would stand down as Prime Minister before 2020.
Detective Constable Ciara Campbell accused of spying on ex-partner PC Stuart Swarbrick. Court heard she also spied on his new girlfriend, a civilian police worker, 50 times. 'Large number' of photographs of his new partner were found on her iPad, jury told. She denies three counts of unlawfully obtaining personal data and eight offences of unauthorised access to computer material.
Supermarket giant published a list of tips on how its 314,000 UK workers can stay active. Initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up Tesco stores in the eyes of consumers. Industry insiders say slimmer employees can work faster and are less likely to be off sick.
Angela Linton, 47, wrote vile message directed at gay teacher Thomas O'Brien. Row began when she could not afford to send her son on a school outing. Linton, from Handsworth, Birmingham, has been given a 12-month community order.
Prince Andrew has personally changed fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in Calcutta. Rescued from brothels and domestic servitude, child labour and human trafficking. Girls taught tailoring and silk printing through charity called Key to Freedom. Their kimonos, duster coats, pyjamas, scarves and make-up bags are sold by Topshop. Proceeds are paid back to the women as a salary, with the Duke of York funding it. Inspired to launch charity after visiting girls' refuge on official trip to India in 2012.
Internet companies will have to reveal names, IP addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film The Dallas Buyers Club online illegally.  iiNet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an 'intimidating' letter demanding significant sums of up to US$7,000 for an alleged infringement. But internet law experts say the company behind the letters will have a hard time following through on the threats because it is very difficult to prove who is legally responsible for the downloading. The Federal Court ruled on Tuesday that Australian internet companies, including iiNet and other ISPs,
Dr Zoe Waller, 31, teaches pharmacy at the University of East Anglia. She suffers from dermatographia - a type of urticaria, or hives - where a raised, itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure. It is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction, causing the skin to swell. Her students are required to learn 100 drugs for their course and each day, she will draw a new one on her skin. Raised red weals, caused by the release of hist
Tony Orrell, 56, from Feltham, Middlesex, weighed 38st and his wife Debbie, also 56, 18st. He struggled with his weight since childhood when his mother brought back treats from the biscuit factory where she worked and he would spend his pocket money on pick and mix. At his largest Tony would avoid sitting in certain chairs in fear of breaking them or being unable to get back up. The pair have now lost a combined weight of 29st after Tony lost an amazing 21st and Debbie dropped 8st.
Nasa will launch the Orion spacecraft using the largest, most powerful rocket booster ever built; the Space Launch System (SLS) Tucked inside the stage adapter - the ring connecting Orion to the top propulsion stage of the SLS - will be 11 self-contained small satellites, each about the size of a large shoebox. The space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space. Near-Earth Asteroid (NEA) Scout, using solar sail propulsion, will fly by a small asteroid, taking pictures
The Blocks up market South Yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month. Listing agents claim the lavish apartments are worth between $1.3 million and $1.5 million. Thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy Darling Street apartments for themselves when Channel Nine opens the doors to the public over the weekend. Realtors have been running VIP showings since construction wrapped up to give genuine buyers a feel of the renovated homes before the hammer falls on April 28.
Britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness. Obesity levels were the main factor pushing the UK down the health rankings. Overall, the UK came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity, health and tolerance. This puts us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the. world.
Check It is the only documented gang of gay and transgender youths in America. It was formed in 2005 by a group of 'bullied 9th graders', and now has more than 200 members. They live in one of Washington DC's most violent neighborhoods, and have faced discrimination. But now, they are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in. Have set up own clothing label, put on fashion shows and work stints as models. Independent film, also named Check It, tells of how some have served time in juvenile prisons.
Michael Rapiejko was accused of pointing a gun at Luis Colon as he got out of his car in October 2005 and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children. He also claimed that he choked him and ordered him to get back into his car. Colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct, all charges that were dropped in April 2006. In the end, the city settled with Colon for $20,000 under the condition that he dismissed all other claims. The settlement was reached in December 2008, the same time that he left the
Woolworths launched 'Fresh in our Memories' last week in the lead up to the Anzac centenary. The campaign invites Aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their Facebook page, in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country. It was branded 'disrespectful' and 'disgusting' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at Woolworth's attempt to embrace Anzac Day. A spokeswoman for Woolworths told Daily Mail Australia on Tuesday night that the campaign was not a marketing strategy.
Business called Edwards Snow Den has appeared in the White House. Nothing happens when the icon for it is clicked, but for a short while it was listed as a snowboard shop, open between 5am and 11pm. Several reviews appeared underneath the listing, including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a great source of classified information It follows claims that at least three terror groups plotting attacks against Britain have changed their communication methods since the leaks by Snowden.
Merfin is the brainchild of Australian freediver and part-time mermaid Kazzie Mahina. The monofin lets you experience what it might be like to swim like a mermaid. Fins come in four sizes, ranging from child's to adult's. Prices start at £99 for a child's fin and £120 for adult's in the UK. Gigi Brooks is the only UK stockist and is reporting brisk sales.
Binmen in Farnham, Surrey, said Walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of recycling rules. They left another bin full of rubbish because there was a scrap of cellophane on top. Enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as 'little Hitlers' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter.
Michael Owen and Kyle Careford died in the crash in Crowborough, East Sussex. Mr Owen, 21, was preparing for his daughter's fifth birthday when he was killed. He had just received a job offer and his family say they still can't accept he's gone. It is believed one of the men lost control of the Renault Clio as it came round a bend. The car smashed into a church's stone wall before finishing on its roof. Flowers and tributes have been left at the scene of the accident by family and friends.
Nikki Thomas, 27, says she wishes she had done more to stop her sister's killer. Jenna Thomas, 21, was strangled to death by Philip Packer in 2008 in a jealous rage. He bombarded her with hundreds of calls and texts a day but she didn't report him. Nikki, from South Wales, is now warning others not to put up with stalking behaviour. She appeared on This Morning to promote Stalking Awareness Week.
Jesse Willesee was arrested at Sydney Town Hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on Monday. His girlfriend Jasmine Dinjar has posed topless in underwear with marijuana leaves and fingernails painted with the cannabis sign. The couple are partners in crime to push the couple's campaign to legalise marijuana. Jesse lit up a joint as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on April 20. He started a Facebook page inviting people to join him at the protest. '420 has been relatively small in Australia. But right now it's hard to ignore it. #
Obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since Harry S. Truman, who left office 62 years ago. In his first six years, Obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year: for the leaders of Japan, on April 28, and China, later in the year. Truman, who became president in 1945, held six dinners during nearly eight years in office.
Two Muslim Liverpool supporters were pictured praying at half-time in an FA Cup match. They had rolled out their prayer mat at the foot of some stairs beneath the stand. One of the men, solicitor Asif Bodi, 46, from Preston, explained that because the televised game didnt kick off until 4pm, the final whistle would have blown too late for them to pray outside the ground. Liverpool FC is investigating, saying discrimination will not be tolerated.
Study by the National Evolutionary Synthesis Centre (Nescent) in Durham, North Carolina, implies that religion arises from mixture of ecological, historical, and cultural factors. When life is tough or when it's uncertain, people believe in big gods, said Russell Gray, a professor at the University of Auckland. Community that believe in a high, controlling God or gods who enforce a moral code tend to live in politically complex groups with a social hierarchy beyond the local community.
Andy Murray will marry long-term girlfriend Kim Sears at Dunblane Cathedral next week. The pair, both 27, will tie the knot at the 12th century building in the Perthshire town. Wimbledon champion admits he 'couldn't care less' about the finer details of the day. He has left the vast majority of planning to his fiancee, 27-year-old Miss Sears. Ceremony will take place at the 1000-year old cathedral and reception at his five-star hotel.
Jon Hamm, 44, was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the Sigma Nu fraternity at the University of Texas at Austin in 1990. He allegedly beat a prospective member of the fraternity with a paddle and used a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a sadistic initiation. Hamm was eventually charged with assault in connection with the incident, but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom. A warrant was issued for Hamm's arrest in 1992 but the actor reached a plea deal with authorities in 1995 and the charges were dismissed.
Healthcare worker who recently returned from West Africa has been taken to a Canberra hospital. She has developed symptoms which could be the deadly Ebola virus. The unnamed woman is being treated in complete isolation with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing. Health officials say it's most unlikely she has Ebola and her symptoms - a fever and stomach upset - are consistent with many other conditions.
Shelbie Brooke Richards, 21, and Sarah Adelia Graves, 22, were sentenced Thursday to multiple years in federal prison for their role in the 2011 hate killing of 47-year-old James Craig Anderson. Richards admitted that she encouraged Deryl Paul Dedmon to assault Anderson when they arrived in a hotel parking lot, and then yelled racial slur and ran him over. Hotel surveillance video obtained by media outlets shows a Ford truck back up and then lunge forward at 5:05 a.m. Anderson's shirt is illuminated in the headlights before he disappears under the vehicle next to the curb.
Katrina Maddox, 23, gave birth to her second son Edward on the A47 in Norfolk. Her first son Reuben, two, was delivered by his father Peter, 30, in the back of an ambulance. Mrs Maddox said: 'I can't imagine there are many people who have both children like this - it must be a million to one'
UK sixth from last in global ranking of 65 countries with 30 per cent calling themselves religious. This compared to 53 per cent who said they were not religious and 13 per cent convinced atheists In contrast, 94 per cent of people in Thailand deem themselves religious, according to survey. At the bottom of the list was China, where 61 per cent are atheists, with 6 per cent religious.
Ben Cousins, 36, was due to face Fremantle Magistrates Court on Wednesday morning. The former West Coast Eagles captain failed to appear and his lawyer claimed he had conflicting medical appointments. A spokeswoman at the court confirmed an arrest warrant had been issued just before 4pm. Cousins was arrested on March 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park. He was charged with reckless driving, failing to stop and refusing a breath test.
Mindfulness for Travel series aims to make long-haul air travel as relaxing as possible. Airline's new Airbus A380 service between London and San Francisco is set to launch. Mindfulness expert Mark Coleman has developed a series of videos for fliers to watch. He recommends 'gentle exercising,' such as stretching, and'moderating alcohol'
Somali-born author Ayaan Hirsi Ali, 45, emigrated to America in 2006 after facing death threats in the Netherlands. She had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists after renouncing her faith and becoming an atheist. Hirsi Ali has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the U.S. and for not being more critical of Islam. 'We are so blessed as women to live in the United States,' she said. In 2007, she helped establish the AHA Foundation, which works to protect and defend the
Sam Reese, 22, appeared on Channel 4's First Dates reality match-making show. His crime was to ask his date to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself. The male model has received death threats over his behaviour on the show.
Sajid Javid said some values prevalent in some Asian communities are 'totally unacceptable in British society' His comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by Asian men in Rochdale, Rotherham and Oxford. He said a'misplaced sense of political correctness' prevented police and social workers from properly investigating claims of abuse. Tory minister said the authorities had to 'get to the bottom of this'
London-based Trotters.com has unveiled 'New Born Baby Collection' Range includes boy's T-shirts and romper suits, complete with Bearskin hat-wearing soldiers. Also pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls, and pink or blue rabbit booties. Prince George is reported to have been wearing Trotter's bodysuit at Wellington play group.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband Bill on Saturday afternoon, taking a stroll near their Chappaqua, New York, home. Meanwhile, her two 'Scooby' campaign vans got some TLC of their own at a local body shop, where they were also hand washed. Mrs. Clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in New Hampshire, where she'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon. She'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the Granite State.
Debenhams and Mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions. Experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying. A third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion, figures show. Retail analysts warn shoppers are being 'trained' not to buy at full price, undermining profits.
James Hannaway, manager of Rex Cinema in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, has banned babies from Tuesday matinees due to 'whingeing, bitching, snitching and the law' Special screenings introduced in 2007 after complaints over babies being allowed to all matinee. They were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children. Mr Hannaway said he was fed up with the whingeing from those attending the screenings without babies, even though they declared they'might contain babies'
Mikaeel Kular was killed by his mother Rosdeep Adekoya in January last year. She beat him to death and left him to die in agony for three days before hiding body in suitcase. Police Scotland launched investigation into claims up to 25 Fife council workers accessed files. Nine workers have now been sacked for looking at documents relating to the case.
A train from Queens to Manhattan was stalled underneath the East River around 8.30am Monday. Its conductor saw smoke coming from the board along the track's third rail. Part of the train's contact shoe, which gets power from the third rail, is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail, sparking the incident. The train's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to Grand Central Station in Manhattan. Service on the 7 train was suspended for almost two hours.
SpaceX is scheduled to launch its unmanned rocket with the espresso maker on Monday afternoon. The machine is intended for International Space Station astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy. It was supposed to arrive in January, shortly after her arrival, so she could get some relief from the station's instant coffee. But it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from Virginia was lost in a launch explosion.
Mark Allen Sanders was beaten with a paddle, dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire. Hamm was one of seven Sigma Nu brothers who tormented and humiliated Sanders when he was a young pledge at the University of Texas at Austin. The young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney. Sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded.
Status Quo, Katherine Jenkins and West End star Elaine Paige will perform at event. Other stars include boy band Blue, R&B singer Jamelia, pop star Pixie Lott and tenor Alfie Boe. The 1940s-themed concert will take place on Saturday 9 and will be broadcast on BBC1. Singer will be joined by four Strictly Come Dancing couples and readings from Pointless host Alexander Armstrong.
Jeff Dubois of KIRO struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around Interstate 5. The truck had just merged onto Interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side, dumping its load of 448 hives, or about 13.7 million bees. All the while Dubois was reporting live, tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could.
The Queen was spotted riding her faithful black Fell pony, Carltonlima Emma. She was joined by Lord Vestey and her Head Groom Terry Pendry for the outing. The monarch eschewed a riding helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves. Her Majesty is famous for her love of horses and first rode at the age of four.
Dr Paul Nassif and Dr Terry Dubrow, the resident experts on the E! series Botched, spoke to Cosmopolitan.com about the 'jaw-dropping' cases they were faced with while filming the second season. One of their patients this season, Rajee Rajindra Narinesingh, had her face injected with 'cement' at an underground cosmetic filler party. Dr Dubrow said that he and Dr Nassif were 'floored' by 60per cent of the surgeries they had to fix this season.
Melbourne-born, Paris-based Martin Grant will refresh the uniforms worn by Qantas' domestic and international pilots. A key focus of the redesign will be the female uniform, with CEO Alan Joyce saying there are an increasing number of women joining the ranks. The last time the uniform was redesigned was in 2003 by Australian designer Peter Morrisey. Qantas pilots first wore a khaki military-style tunic when the first international services between Brisbane and Singapore began in 1935.
Cyclists can be seen dodging safety barriers at level crossing during Paris-Roubaix race. As barriers come down to signal a train is passing, racers try to avoid them. Three daredevils weave across the track in a desperate attempt to gain seconds on rivals. Policeman on motorbike pulls up to stop more cyclists risking their safety. Mere seconds later a TGV rushes along the train tracks as competitors had a close shave. Sir Bradley Wiggins took part in the race - his final race for Team Sky.
Matilda Kahl, an art director at Saatchi &. Saatchi, has worn the same white shirt, black trousers and black blouse to work every day for three years. She says she wants to be judged on her work and her work only. Matilda says she has faced'mixed reactions' from her co-workers, some asking if she had lost a bet, joined a cult and assuming she was too destitute to afford other work clothing.
Seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between February and April this year. Top country for illegal downloads of Game of Thrones episodes was Brazil, which accounted for almost one million of them. Overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year, jumping from 4.9 million for the same two-month period in 2014.
Front row at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia were given an eyeful during the St George New Generation show on Thursday. Models strutted down the runway in delicate sheer creations by Marriam Seddiq. One model wore a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination. Another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on, but as the model walked was revealed to be entirely sheer.
Walter Scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy, according to a report released by the Charleston County Sheriff's Department on Friday. Scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail. The news comes as another excessive force complaint, as well as a lawsuit, is filed against Michael Slager stemming from his time on the North Charleston Police Department. Slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man. Two years ago, a man said Slager used his
HSBC was criticised for refusing to grant the £250,000 loan because the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished. In the first case of its kind, the Financial Ombudsman Service found the lender guilty of being unfair The bank was ordered to pay £500 to the couple for their distress and inconvenience
Warring sisters stripped of right to control their mother's fortune due to hatred between them. Elder sister could be jailed for attempting to alter legal document to gain greater control. The mother, who has dementia, lives in a care home in Stoke Mandeville, Buckinghamshire. She owns a £600,000 house, has savings and shares worth £100,000, and income of £1,200 a month.
Django Greenblatt-Seay, 33, shot the ad for his 2002 Ford Taurus at Hummel Park in Omaha, Nebraska. He said he wanted to add a little flair to his Craigslist ad because he was 'bored on a Sunday' The ad is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ad for the car, which he interjects with a dubbed voice over to make the information relevant to the 2002 model. Greenblatt Seay said he picked the 1987 ad because it made his girlfriend Cora laugh the hardest.
Miss Middleton, 31, and Nico Jackson, 36, enjoyed a romantic meal at Fulham's Margaux. Pair were rumoured to be on the verge of a split earlier this year but looked closer than ever. Couple were last seen together in February at British Heart Foundation fundraiser. Miss Middletton is due to give birth to a niece or nephew within days.
Jacob Hall, from Iowa, asked Australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son, Evan, 7. Mr Hall invented the ruse that the fairy lived thousands of kilometres away Down Under for his seven-year-old son. Jeff Pyrotek, from Seymour in Victoria, answered Mr Hall's call for help and uploaded his finished product on SoundCloud. He said it took five minutes to record and clean it up before uploading it to the internet. 'I was doing someone a favour and spreading love around the world,' he said.
Sister Gertrud Tiefenbacher's hands tied with a typewriter cord and a towel placed over her face. Her body was found by other nuns at the Sacred Heart Missionary in Ixopo, south-west of Durban. Police say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her. A small sum of money - thought to be in euros - had been stolen from her room.
Melvin the giraffe was attacked by an eland antelope at Kristiansand Zoo, Norway. Giraffe had got his head stuck in the enclosure's fence when he was gored to death. Around 30 people, many of them children, witnessed the unprovoked attack. Melvin was born at the zoo in 2010 and named in a local newspaper competition.
The 49-year-old cancer patient was treated at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York. She developed a huge tumour underneath her left breast four years ago. Doctors removed a 4.2mm melanoma from her back, and a year-and-a-half later, doctors discovered the cancer had returned. Five months ago, a growth was removed from under the patient's left breast. But despite surgery, the disease returned and doctors tried a new drug combination. They combined a drug already used, ipilimumab, with another, nivolum
Sarah Wilson complained to Mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa  a condition defined by an obsession for eating healthily Wilsons face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger Belle Gibson, who has been accused of faking terminal cancer, and Paleo diet preacher Pete Evans. Also used in the article was a photo of a green smoothie  a much loved favourite of those involved in the clean living movement. Mamamia agreed to remove her image from the article.
Xana Doyle, 19, was killed after driver Sakhawat Ali crashed a stolen car. The Toyota Avensis flipped and landed on its roof in the early hours of the morning. Ali, 23, was more than twice the drink-drive limit and was high on drugs. Court heard he was driving at excessive speed moments before the crash. Miss Doyle suffered a blunt head injury and was pronounced dead at the scene. Driver admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking.
Documents suggest methyl bromide may have been improperly applied in various locations in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday. The agency and Puerto Rico's Department of Agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied. EPA banned the chemical for residential use in 1984, primarily for health concerns. Methyl Bromide can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system.
Sarah Flower, nutritionist and author, says it's time to ditch vitamin pills. Says we are not doing enough to ensure we get all the nutrients we need. Diet rich in oily fish, whole grains, lean protein, fruit and vegetables should provide enough nutrients. Pregnancy, ill health and the elderly may need more support from the right foods.
Natalie Prescott, 26, dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong. Her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did, she would almost certainly lose her legs. She had several operations during a three-month hospital stay, including metal plating in her ankle. After learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on Friday, Natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public. 'I want all young people to learn from my stupidity - please stay away from lakes and rivers,' she says.
Mitya the bear was found abandoned outside a circus in Vladivostok, east Russia, in February. He is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across Russia this spring after illegal hunters kill their mothers. Also at Sadgorod Zoo are two one-month-old twins who were found all alone in the wild. Masha the bear cub is being hailed as a real life Paddington after being flown business class to a new home in Moscow.
Russian companies Tittygram and Titisign offer to write messages on women's breasts. For as little as £4, a model writes a message and takes a photo of it. Burger King is one of the first big companies to take advantage of the service.
Sofia Vergara's attorney said Friday the actress has no intention of destroying the frozen embryos she created with ex Nick Loeb. Fred Silberberg said the 42-year-old 'has never wanted to destroy her embryos' However, she's not planning on using them either, the attorney said in a statement. Vergara 'is content to leave the embryos frozen indefinitely as she has no desire to have children with her ex,' he said. Loeb, 39, has filed a lawsuit asking a judge to order her not to destroy the embryos. It's been reported
Iain Mackay, 40, bled to death after getting into a row at a bar in Hua Hin, Thailand. His Thai girlfriend Nilobon Patty, 35, has been accused of 'indirectly causing his death' She has denied any involvement in the incident and says it was a 'terrible accident' Mr Mackay is believed to have kicked a mirror in the bar where she works in the city. He was found bleeding profusely at the pool shop and later died in hospital.
Flight VS44 should have left McCarran airport at 4.30pm local time on Easter Monday. But a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to Gatwick until early on Wednesday. Some passengers are considering legal action against Virgin. Virgin has said that eligible passengers would be getting EU compensation of ¬600.
James Freedman, 49, is a one-man pickpocket show called Man Of Steal. He has advised the Metropolitan Police and taught the art to actors. Freedman describes himself as the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet To describe his activities, Freedman uses old-fashioned pickpocket patter.
Police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in Los Angeles on Sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head. The suspect, who is described as Hispanic, medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time, apparently had no motive for staging the attack. According to the victim's father, the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation. Ammunition plowed through the wall and the bedroom door, although it was unclear which bullets struck the boy.
Alissa Sizemore, from Vernal, Utah, lost her right leg below the knee when a truck ran over her foot last May. She was fitted with a prosthetic leg in September and has been dancing since. Last month, she gave her first solo dance performance since the accident, to Colbie Caillat's Try. The eight-year-old earned a standing ovation for her moving routine.
Varvara, a 13-year-old Western gray whale, swam 14,000 miles (22,500km) from the east coast of Russia to breeding grounds off the coast of Mexico, and back, without even stopping for a snack when she was nine years old. Her return journey across the North Pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creatures conservation status. Gray whales typically don't feed during migration, which has led researchers to believe Varvara didn't eat during the long journey either. The previous longest journey made by a mammal was held by a humpback whale,
One Nation leader Pauline Hanson said that imposing halal certification on Australians was wrong. She described it as a 'profit, money-making racket' and that the public were being 'hoodwinked' over the issue. Ms Hanson also said that the protests on Saturday were about 'criticism, not racism' Her comments came after protesters clashed with anti-racist activists in Sydney and Melbourne on Saturday.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed on Monday. A Jakarta court is due to decide whether the pairs lawyers can challenge Indonesian President Joko Widodo's decision to deny the two Australians clemency. The unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely the pair's last legal avenue to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005 Bali Nine heroin smuggling bid. Chan, 31, and Sukumaran, 33, are
Scott Kelley, 50, and stepdaughter Mary Nunes, 19, have been arrested in Costa Rica. Fled New Hampshire in 2004 along with Genevieve Kelley, Mary's mother, during custody dispute. Genevieve, now 50, refused to hand over daughter to her ex-husband Mark Nunes. He was granted custody of Mary, then eight, but took her to Colorado for treatment. While there she claimed he had sexually abused the girl, and the pair fled to South America. Mary is now living at an undisclosed location in the U.S., while Scott is in police custody
Jade Ruthven, 33, was lambasted on social media by her friends for oversharing photos of her baby daughter on Facebook. The mother was sent a scathing letter from her friends telling her to stop. Social media expert Sarah-Jane Kurtini believes people need to be more aware of their ramblings on the web. She said it's hard for people to know where the line stops when it comes to posting personal details online. Ms Kurtini is the co-founder of Tinybeans, a private social media network for families.
Chloe Owens, 27, from Swanley, Kent, came up with the idea for Bump 2 Breast. She and husband David had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital. Chloe struggled to remember which boob she had used last when breastfeeding so included a breast-tracking feature. The app has already been downloaded 20,000 times and is getting rave reviews.
Hollie Tillbrook, 17, was out with her boyfriend in Basildon, Essex, when she collapsed. Doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level that her heart stopped. Two off-duty police officers, believed to be from the Met Police, rushed to her side. They gave Hollie life-saving CPR until an ambulance arrived. She was then rushed to hospital, where she was put into an induced coma. But the teenager made an unexpected recovery and is now recovering at home. Her family are now trying to find the police officers who saved Hollie
The group, or possibly individual, released the info of employees of the CIA, FBI and DHS on the site Pastebin.com, which allows anonymous posts. The post claims to reveal the information of FBI Director James Comey and DHS Director Charles Johnson, in addition to previous directors. 'JESUS IS LORD, AND THE PUBLIC IS IN CHARGE, NOT THESE SATANIC NWO STOOGS' is likely an acronym for New World Order, a term used by conspiracy theorists to refer to a totalitarian world government.
Lib Dem leader lists a range of reasons why former supporters are 'p***** off' He said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made. Tory source said: 'This sums Nick Clegg. Its everyone's fault but his own. He is like a petulant child'
Karen Buckley, 24, was last seen leaving Sanctuary nightclub in Glasgow at 1am on Sunday. She was wearing a black jumpsuit and red heels when she was seen leaving flat at 4am. Police sealed off High Craigton Farm near Bearsden, near Milngavie, to the north of city. A 21-year-old man has been arrested 'in connection with her death', police said. Officers made the grisly discovery last night as they searched the rural land. Formal identification is yet to take place, but police said Miss Buckley's family has been informed
David Bulman, 55, and his wife Lubova had a row after he criticised her for not doing the chores. He followed her outside and shouted at her before pulling her hair and punching her. Neighbours called police after he drove off, damaging a gate post and a van. His frightened wife was left with a black eye and a lump on her head after the attack. Bristol Crown Court heard he met his wife via a dating website in 2011 and they lived in a small hotel.
The Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly Weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars, vintage pinups, Tiki drinks, tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair. Around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the Strip at The Orleans Hotel and Casino.
A year ago the world was shocked by the abduction of 276 schoolgirls by Boko Haram. A-listers from Michelle Obama to Angelina Jolie lent their support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign. More than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing. Children as young as four are being used within the ranks of Boko Haram  as cooks, porters and look-outs. Others are trained to fight, forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves.
Screening system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development. Israeli researchers say the system is accurate, cheap and allows patients to be monitored without using invasive procedures. About 7,000 people develop stomach cancer in the UK each year and most of these cases are in advanced stages when they are diagnosed.
Pierre Collins, 33, was taken into custody on suspicion of second-degree murder in the death of Barway Collins, 10. Collins was phootgraphed Monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in Crystal, Minnesota. He will be processed and taken to the Hennepin County Jail. Police said Sunday the boy's father was a primary suspect in the case. The fourth-grader was last seen after school on March 18.
Reddit thread asking users to submit worst baby names attracted 18,000 comments in 24 hours. FEMAIL has compiled the top 12. Obamaniqua, I'munique, Boy Boy, Vejonica, Abstinence, Gennah Tyles and Mazen among worst names. One mother named her child 'Britney Shakira Beyonce'
Poul Thomsen, the IMF's Europe Director has been quoted by the Greek media as saying he could not see a successful conclusion to the country's current bail out. Thomsen's prediction was made as the Greek government repeated previous threats that unless more bail out money was made available then it would stop paying back creditors. Greece has been given until 20 April to clean up its finances and set in place a number of economic reforms.
The couple, who've been married for 10 weeks, hadn't been photographed together in public since their February 3 nuptials. People.com claimed on Monday that the couple were 'leading separate lives' Rumors about the state of their marriage ratcheted up a notch with fresh claims in the media that they spend more time apart than together. Amber will celebrate her 29th birthday on Wednesday.
Clinton was in Keene, New Hampshire on Monday for a small-business roundtable event, but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her. 'A few of the staff didn't want to come out to meet Hillary. They just don't like her,' said a cashier at Kristin's Bistro & Bakery. Her communications director wouldn't rule out the possibility that some of the Granite Staters Clinton spoke with had been asked to come. Clinton's team took flak last week in Iowa after a Democratic Party operative conceded that Clinton's state political director Troy Price pre
Jaclyn Pfeiffer, 29, and Kelly Bardier, 33, were fired from Aloma Methodist Early Childhood Learning Center in Orange County, Florida. The two have been together since October and worked at the same daycare center for 18 months. Aloma Methodist receives $2,442 in taxpayer funding per child for voluntary prekindergarten during the school year. Pfieffer and Bardier say they were unaware of the church's stance against gays when they accepted their jobs. They have now hired a lawyer who says religious freedom does not mean workers can be fired because of
Natasha Willard was studying for her A-levels when she fell ill four months ago. The 17-year-old from Cwmbran, Wales, appeared fit and well days before she collapsed. She has been diagnosed with encephalitis, an inflammation of the brain, and cannot walk or talk. Her family have been told by doctors they do not know if she will make a full recovery. They are trying to teach her to walk and talk as if she is a child again.
Former PM claims SNP will use any power they wield in Westminster to foster division. Mocked Ms Sturgeon over demand to play a role in propping up Labour government. Claims she is 'not even bothering' to stand as an MP herself. SNP leader branded his comments 'an affront to democracy' and 'over the top'
Sir Paul McCartney married Heather Mills in a lavish ceremony in Ireland in 2002. But not everyone was smiling as his daughters Stella and Mary looked decidedly glum. The pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father's choice of partner. Pictures belong to the family of Sir Paul's late housekeeper Rose Martin, who was among those invited to the event at the 17th Century Castle Leslie in County Monaghan.
Chloe Valentine, 4, died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in 2012. Her mother, Ashlee Polkinghorne, and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to Chloe's manslaughter through criminal neglect. In an emotional statement outside the Adelaide inquest on Thursday, Chloe's grandmother Belinda Valentine welcomed Coroner Mark Johns' ruling that Families SA was broken and fundamentally flawed. Mr Johns said nothing short of a'massive overhaul' was required by the agency.
Martyn Uzzell, 51, died instantly after hitting pothole on A65 near Giggleswick, North Yorkshire. Cyclist was riding from Land's End to John O'Groats for Macmillan Cancer Support charity. He was flung from his bike and thrown into path of a car after hitting four-inch deep hole. North Yorkshire County Council sent workers to inspect hole a month before tragedy in 2011. But they decided it did not need repairing and council is still refusing to apologise. Widow Kate has now won six-figure payout after reaching settlement with
Scott Stephenson, 19, was due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man. He found him collapsed in the street in South Shields, Tyne and Wear, in December. Instead of calling for help he took his victim's phone and abandoned him. Post mortem examination revealed he had died from hypothermia. Stephenson shouted and swore outside court after he was re-bailed for sentence.
Lib Dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio. Aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the Deputy Prime Minister out of London to meet people as they go about their daily lives. Mr Clegg has pulled pints in a Bath pub, sipped cocktails in Southampton and flown down a zipwire at a Go Ape park. Food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too, including a cupcake featuring the faces of Mr Clegg and Vikki Slade.
US researchers say very few of these weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims. Others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere, while some may actually be harmful to health. But a handful - including Weight Watchers, the Atkins diet, Jenny Craig and NutriSystem - appear to be effective, according to long-term studies.
A spring storm that had doused Northern California for the previous 24 hours arrived in Southern California on Tuesday night, bringing mostly light but necessary rainfall across a region that has been experiencing extreme drought conditions. Thousands were without power for several hours because of the storm, and the Los Angeles Dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season. Earlier in the day, the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of Northern California and coated the mountains in snow - a welcome respite but one that will do little to ease the historic drought.
Mathew Sitko, 23, crashed through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence. The fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with Sitko still behind the wheel. A passer-by grabbed a nearby rock and smashed Sitko's window, before pulling the victim from the car. He dragged Sitko further up to safety, where police and paramedics arrived shortly after.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm's smart wristband. He was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape, and control their movement. The robots were powered by Curie, a computer the size of a button developed by Intel. Packed into the tiny computer is Bluetooth, sensors and battery charging capabilities.
Sue Perkins is favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson as host of Top Gear, say bookmakers. She is evens with former X-Factor presenter Dermot O'Leary and British model Jodie Kidd. Clarkson was sacked by the BBC after he verbally abused a Top Gear producer. He will be back on the channel later this month to host Have I Got News For You.
Iain Duncan Smith launches scathing attack on Labour's 'politics of hate and envy' Claims the Conservatives are 'the real party of work' and has reduced welfare dependency. Says Ed Miliband is standing on'most Left-wing platform since Michael Foot' Calls on fellow Tories to 'bang the drum' in next fortnight to champion achievements. Hails'staggering' increase in employment, now at a record high.
Gemma, 34, has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing for Evans. Has seven new curve-flattering tops and dresses. Says her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident. Range is stocked in 16 stores nationwide, as well as on Evans website.
Lipscomb police chief Warren Carey was trying to arrest Mayor Lance McDade when the fight broke out, according to a city clerk. Carey was later spotted 'hobbling' into his office with an injured leg before he was transported to the hospital. McDade is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer.
238m passengers passed through British airports in 2014, just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007. Most passengers (144m) fly to Europe which enjoyed a 5.4 per cent rise year on year in visitors from the UK. Germany proved a more visited destination even than France and Italy, which were all ranked behind Spain and the US. Australia suffered the biggest drop in UK arrivals losing a third of visitors from 744,000 to 488,000.
Between 2011 and 2051, the UK's population will rise from 63.4 million to 77.4million. While the white British population will increase by almost three million, the minority population will grow by 10 million. This means one in four Britons will be from a minority background by 2051. Huge rise will be due to a baby boom among Pakistani, Bangladeshi, and African immigrants. Campaigners fear sudden increase will put pressure on housing, schools and the NHS.
Sophie Thomas wore the shirt in March when she was having her picture taken at Clermont Northeastern Middle School in Batavia, Ohio. When the students got their class photos this week, she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with Photoshop. School principal Kendra Young said the word was removed to 'prevent any unintended controversies' Thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across Australia to keep the public safe on April 25. Two teenagers remain in custody following raids in Melbourne's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on Anzac Day ceremonies. Sevdet Besim, 18, has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in Melbourne Magistrates Court on Saturday. Another 18-year-old, from Hampton Park, is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody.
Violet, Countess of Grantham may be coming back in new US show The Gilded Age. Made by US network NBC, it will be set among the high society families of New York in the late 19th Century. Downton creator Lord Fellowes said plans for the series had yet to be finalised. There may also be a place for Robert, the Earl and his wife Cora, who is American-born.
Form was purchased at an ephemera show in Delaware by rare book dealer Ian Brabner. It asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane, such as what is your age?, to the overtly sinister  Do you believe in White Supremacy?' The KKK was founded in 1866 in Tennessee, with Nathan Bedford Forrest becoming the first leader, or grand wizard, in 1867. Its membership peaked in the 1920s at around four million. Today it's thought to number in the low thousands, with most members living in the Deep South.
Leonardo DiCaprio bought Blackadore Caye, an unpopulated 104-acre island off the coast of Belize, in 2005 for $1.75 million. He recently teamed up with Paul Scialla, the chief executive of New York development firm Delos, to create the eco-conscious resort, with plans to open in 2018. The resort will have villas on a platform over the water, as well as artificial reefs with 'fish shelters' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the area.
Rachel Lynn Lehnardt, 35, from Evans, Georgia, was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested. She was arrested on Saturday night and has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor. The mother-of-five 'threw a party at her home and allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana before she had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom' She also 'used sex toys in front of the teenagers and showed her daughter explicit photos of her having sex with her current
Oleg Kalashnikov, a former member of the Ukrainian parliament, was found dead Wednesday evening. Interior Ministry said he died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was homicide or suicide. Kalashnikov was a deputy for the Party of Regions in Ukraine's previous parliament. He had knowledge of the 'Anti-Maidan' movement, which opposed pro-Western protests.
Maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track. This eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction. It also provides a faster and quieter service than traditional high-speed rail. Another attempt is scheduled for tomorrow, and engineers predict it could reach 373mph (600km/h) China was the first country to have a commercially-operated Maglev service. The Shanghai Maglev opened to the public in January 2004.
VisitScotland survey reveals Scotland is the most popular wedding destination in the UK. Scotland held 5.54 marriages per 1,000 in 2013, with England at 5.40. Dumfries and Galloway, Argyll and Bute, South Ayrshire and South Perth and Kinross most popular. Andy Murray will marry his sweetheart Kim Sears in his hometown of Dunblane on Saturday.
ISIS militants have beheaded two leaders of Hamas-linked group, it has been claimed. The jihadis have seized control of up to 90 per cent of Yarmouk camp in Damascus. ISIS posted gruesome images of severed heads of Aknaf Beit al-Maqdis online. Palestinian group has declared Israel its sworn enemy, but presence in camp to defend camp's 18,000 residents from two-year siege by Assad regime. Decision to publicly execute men has prompted outrage in Gaza, where hundreds of furious Hamas supporters swore bloody revenge on ISIS during march yesterday. Hundreds of residents of
Representatives from Comcast and Time Warner Cable plan to meet with US Department of Justice officials on Wednesday. Meeting next Wednesday would aim to negotiate possible. concessions addressing competition concerns created by the combination of the two cable giants. Staffers at both the Justice Department and the Federal. Communications Commission remain concerned the combined company. would have too much power in the Internet broadband market.
Jared McCarroll is head chef at M Restaurant and Grill in London. He says the first step to a perfect steak is to buy the best meat you can afford. Check the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal. The best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker. Marbling is a great way to tell the quality of a steak as it means it is more moist.
Dove asked women to rate themselves as either 'beautiful' or 'average' 83% of Australian women said they would describe themselves as average looking. 96% of women around the world said they were 'average looking' Just 4% said they considered themselves beautiful. Dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities, Shanghai, San Francisco, London, Sao Paulo and Delhi and filmed women's actions. The vast majority chose to walk through the 'average door'
Customers unwittingly ate pastries made from the meat of stray dogs, police said. Officers investigating the popular fast food house reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs. The canines were used for the fillings of 'pastels', a traditional Brazilian pastry. Owner Van Ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat, adding that the animals were strays he had rounded up from streets in the city.
Billy Mitchell, seven, was born with Apert syndrome, a rare genetic condition which causes malformations of the skull, face, hands and feet. He endured a series of major operations to correct the deformities. Surgeries carried risks including meningitis, brain damage, catastrophic bleeding leading to stroke and potentially death. But Billy pulled through and now his parents say he absolutely loves his new face.
Mahendra Bavishi, who lives in Sudan, said detectives have asked to put some'sensitive' questions to his British-based son who runs the business. He said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know that several CCTV cameras in the building where his firm is based were not working when they broke in. Mr Bavishi also told of his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault while the gang were forcing their way into 72 safe deposit boxes during the Easter holiday.
Essex and Gloucestershire councils have already implemented 'loneliness maps' They work out which areas' residents are most at risk of social isolation. Being lonely can lead to health problems such as dementia and high blood pressure. Campaigners call on other councils to draw up their own maps of the problem.
The 47-year-old man from Warwick, 150km south-west of Brisbane, has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences. He is accused of sexually abusing 28 children from three states, including taking some of his victims to hotel rooms where he allegedly raped them. Police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16. So far 28 victims have been identified from Queensland, NSW and Victoria, but police believe there may be others.
Social Services Minister Scott Morrison has announced the end to religious exemption on childrens vaccinations for access to childcare benefits. Parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from January 1, 2016. Families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $7,500-a-year childcare rebate. Currently around 39,000 Australian children under the age of seven are not vaccinated.
Liana Barrientos, 38, of the Bronx, pleaded not guilty on Friday to two felony charges of filing a false instrument, involving marriage licences. She is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam. Barrientos used an emergency exit door at a Bronx subway station on Friday instead of paying a fare for her trip just hours after leaving the court. Her first marriage took place in 1999, with her most recent being in 2010. One of the men she married was deported back to Pakistan for making threatening statements against the United States in 2006.
Catherine Lynn Smith, 50, was arrested Tuesday after the bodies of 10 dogs and three cats were found decomposing in her home in Macon, Georgia. The home had recently been auctioned off to a new owner, but Smith continued to live there. Police had to air out the home Tuesday due to the stench of ammonia. It was also revealed that Smith had worked at the animal shelter for two months in 2012, but had been fired within her six-month probationary period. She was arraigned on 13 counts of animal cruelty on Wednesday.
Judicial committee found Alpha Delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations. The fraternity has until next Monday to appeal the decision. A sophomore pledge reportedly agreed to be branded on his backside in the fall of 2014. By agreeing to the branding, the pledge would theoretically be allowed to avoid'more drinking-intensive pledge activities' The 46-year-old Greek organization partly inspired the 1978 cult classic 'Animal House'
Aedes aegypti, known for its black and white stripes, can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya. The blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on February 17, March 30 and again on March 31. Authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes hadn't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport. In February, bio security was stepped up at Perth, Adelaide and Brisbane airports after exotic mosquitoes were found in cargo holds.
Waheed Ahmed, 21, is said to be a member of the extremist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. Ahmed, a politics student at Manchester University, was arrested by Turkish police at the border town of Reyhanli last week. He was one of nine detained, all from Rochdale, including four children aged from one to 11.
German woman was in taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at Charles de Gaulle airport on Wednesday afternoon. Three thieves are said to have 'appeared from nowhere' and smashed a rear window of the car, making off with the bag. It included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1million, as well as around 12 other valuable pieces. Victim was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the National Museum of Modern Art in Paris.
Italian musician Andrea Furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend Irina Niculescu standing in front of a river in Stony Stratford, Milton Keynes. He holds a butterfly landscape designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune, while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background. Suddenly a cow steps out from behind the herd and with its ears lifted begins walking towards the river. The herd stand and enjoy the music for some time while Andrea serenades them with his hand-made instrument.
Malcolm Turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of GQ Australia's May issue. The Minister for Communications confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for Prime Minister if Tony Abbott had been successfully toppled in February's leadership spill. 'People would have been astonished if I hadn't,' Mr Turnbull told GQ. His appearance in the high profile magazine has sparked criticism and accusations that the minister if fishing for votes.
Ronald and Miriam Pearson met at an evening dance while he was serving in the RAF. They married in 1943 and settled in Broughton near Chester to raise their family. After almost 72 years together, Mrs Pearson, 95, died last month, her husband followed two days later. Their daughter said: 'It's nice that they are going together; it's what they would have wanted'
Stephanie Scott, 26, was due to marry her partner of five years this Saturday. She was last seen at work at Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. Friends and family were flying in from around the world to be at her big day, but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder. Vincent Stanford, 24, has been charged with the 26-year-old's murder.
Labour leader refuses to guarantee Harriet Harman second most powerful job. Snub comes just three days after Miss Harman said she intended to take the role. Miss Harman has previously suggested Gordon Brown's refusal to make her Deputy PM was sexist. Miliband also defended 'pink bus' saying he 'loved it' but had not yet been on board. Admits he would be hit by planned Mansion Tax on his £2million north London home.
Nationwide is giving anyone up to 70 the chance to take out a 35-year loan. Offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today. Tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property. Surge of silver landlords is likely to push up house prices, say economists.
Student says her student loan failed to cover the cost of living in London. She says she turned to sex work after conventional means of earning failed to support her. The student says she now earns around £100 a week working as a prostitute. Despite this she says it has enabled her to continue studying in the capital. However she does not enjoy her work and is aware of the risks she takes.
Patrick and Marianne Charles, 78 and 74, were without heating during a blackout. They sat down in their conservatory in Eastbourne with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue. The conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious. Carbon monoxide poisoning is often caused by people lighting barbecues inside tents. East Sussex deputy coroner Christopher Wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death.
Houston Texans defensive tackle JJ Watt, 26, recorded more than 20 sacks and forced four fumbles for the Texans last season. On Monday he released a video that shows him making an incredible 61-inch vertical leap. The standing box jump - a popular CrossFit workout move - is billed as a personal best. Watt will be the face of the company's 'Be More Human' ad campaign.
Ukip leader risked alienating those watching at Westminster's Central Hall in London. He protested they were 'a remarkable audience even by the Left-wing standards of the BBC' Outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration were greeted with mutters from those watching. David Dimbleby, who was presenting broadcast on BBC1, intervened to say how the audience had been chosen. Labour leader Ed Miliband gave Ukip leader advice: 'It's never a great idea to attack the audience' But Mr Farage retorted: ý
Lillian Bustle, a burlesque dancer from New Jersey, gave a TED talk earlier this month about how she uses the word 'fat' as an honest, body-positive description of herself. Studies show that the more people are exposed to different body types, the more they like them. Lillian says she was nervous about performing, but now she feels empowered by the experience. Her TED talk has been viewed nearly 38,000 times on YouTube.
Perth Glory will be excluded from the A-League finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons. Perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $400,000 this season alone. Glory have filed with the Supreme Court of Western Australia seeking an injunction against FFA's verdict. If that falls flat, Glory will go through the appeals process in a bid to overturn the decision, or reduce the penalty. FFA chief executive David Gallop said he expects Perth's management to be removed.
Almonds are annually consuming 1.07 trillion gallons of water in California - a fifth more than the entire indoor water usage of all 39 million Californians. Two-thirds of California is classified as being in extreme drought, as the region suffers its driest conditions for 1,200 years. Governor Jerry Brown has ordered cities and towns to slash their water consumption by at least a quarter.
The error was spotted during a Hampshire Constabulary training course in Hamble. Two officers have decided to continue wearing the tops with the mistake on the left sleeve. Three tops in total were sent to the force but one member of staff decided to return them. Chairman of Hampshire Police Federation said it was an 'unfortunate error by the manufacturing company'
The Turin Shroud went on display to the public for the first time in five years. More than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. The 14 foot-long linen has the faded image of a boarded man and has been a source of wonder for centuries. Pope Francis decreed the latest exhibition to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of St John Bosco.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, was found guilty on Wednesday of all 30 charges related to the Boston Marathon bombings which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line. On Thursday, Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren said she doesn't believe Tsarnaev should be executed. 'My heart goes out to the families here but I don't support the death penalty. I think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison. But that's just how I see it. It's up to the jury,' she said. Tsarnaev's lead defense attorney, Judy Clarke,
Flight from Kansas City, Missouri, to Denver, Colorado, diverted to Colorado Springs due to bad weather. 6am flight took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at Colorado Springs - but then languished for another six hours. In accordance with federal law, passengers were given the chance to get off the plane after it had been stuck for three hours.
Louise Smith, 38, plucked two hairs from girl's head and put them in her food. She was eating with child and a man at Crown and Thistle pub near Carlisle, Cumbria. But in reality she did not have enough money to pay for the £21 dinner. CCTV footage showed her standing over girl, under 10, and pulling hairs from her head. Smith, from Eastriggs, near Annan, denied fraud but failed to attend her trial this week.
Migrant workers produce vegetables exported to Britain say they are denied basic hygiene. Some live in shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near fields in southern Spain. Claim they are treated like slaves by agencies who hire them to produce salads. They say they have to work around dangerous pesticides - causing some to fall ill. Revelations will lead to claims bitter price war has led to ruthless exploitation of the vulnerable. British politicians demand urgent investigation, saying evidence is 'appalling'
The family had left a waterfront restaurant Thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the Port of Los Angeles, landing upside down in about 30 feet of water. The boy's parents swam to the surface, but the children were stuck in vehicle. They weren't breathing when rescuers brought them up and the 13-year-old boy died at the hospital several hours later. Firefighter Miguel Meza, who dove into the water, has been hailed a hero on the Facebook page of LA City Councilman Joe Buscaino.
Marshall County Board voted last week to send a bill for $76,000 to the Peoria Republican. Letter seeks a check or a promise from Schock that he will pay for this summer's special and general election costs. County officials estimate each will run about $38,000, while Schock's campaign fund balance is $3.3 million. The four-term Congressman resigned last month after questions about his extravagant government-funded spending. He is facing a federal investigation into his spending after reports about misrepresented mileage on his car and taxpayer-funded trips on a private jet.
Tate Ricks, nine, was fishing with his grandmother's boyfriend when their boat capsized. Putnam County Sheriff's Office said Ricks immediately went under water in the St Johns River and the unidentified man with him attempted to save Ricks but could not. The man was able to make it to shore, deputies said. On Sunday, officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline to search for the boy.
The former head of General Electric insisted that it's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management. Welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education, which is failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out. He told DailyMail.com CEO Jon Steinberg that he is now dedicated to taking education in a new direction as executive of the Jack Welch Management Institute.
Saturday Night Live poked fun at Hillary Clinton just hours before she is set to announce she is running for president via social media. The show portrayed the former Secretary of State as aggressive and driven, saying things like; 'Citizens, you will elect me. I will be your leader' Her husband Bill Clinton was also featured in the skit, urging America to elect Hillary so he could be her vice president. It is believed she will have a string of celebrity backers for her second White House bid.
Leah Rogers and Ryan Flanaghan spotted rare purple bear at car boot sale in Bude, Cornwall. Mr Flanaghan recognised it as a Princess Diana Di Beanie Baby - one of the most sought after. But he had no idea whether it was a 'first edition' bear - which are incredibly rare. Bear is one of just 100 made around the world, made in December 1997 for the Princess of Wales Memorial Trust. They are now selling it on eBay, with a starting bid of £20,000, and hope to put it towards deposit for house.
Lawmakers in Kansas passed a bill last week that would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs, tattoo shops, psychics, movie theaters, massage parlors and theme parks. Recipients would be limited to $25 in cash per day and would have to hold down jobs, look for work or enroll in job training programs. Democratic state Sen. Oletha Faust-Goudeau called the new law 'ludicrous' and 'outrageous' Republican state Rep. Travis Couture-Lovelady insists that getting welfare recipients
Firm linked to sale of NHS patient data is offering details of eating disorder sufferers. Offers to supply names of those suffering from stress, hair loss, dandruff, impotence and snoring. Even details of dieters and those who have had plastic surgery appear on list. Whistleblower said it was'madness' that so much personal information was available to him. Dr Sarah Wollaston, who was the Tory chairman of the Commons health committee, said 'it's appalling' Two firms exposed by the Daily Mail as selling private information are to be prob
Daredevil holidaymakers can walk on the glass floor or hang over the edge of the CN Tower in Toronto while tethered to an overhead rail system. Pulpit Rock in Forsand, Norway, has a flat top that provides a setting for the ultimate selfie at 1,982ft. Visitors to the Grand Canyon were forced to stand perilously close to its rim until the Skywalk opened in 2007. Victoria Peak in Hong Kong is the highest cluster of skyscrapers on Hong Kong Island and is accessible by a tram system.
Raymond Charles Laing has been released from prison after three years behind bars. He has been convicted 26 times for drink-driving, and 31 times for driving while disqualified. Laing sent a letter to the parole board last month describing himself as 'a high risk offender and danger to the community' Despite his comments, Laing will walk free on May 15.
Shannah Kennedy and Lyndall Mitchell are taking their Masterclass of Wellness: The Boardroom Retreat to CEOs and executives across Australia. They teach skills such as dealing with stress, being aware of trains of thought, and accumulative mindfulness. Between them they have more than three decades of life coaching experience. One in six staff members now suffer from a form of mental illness, whether it be stress, anxiety, depression or suicide.
The bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of Phoenix, Arizona on Thursday afternoon. Police believe that 50-year-old Driss Diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers, Reda, 38, Dodi, 56, and their mother, Kenza Benzakour, 76. He then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law, Meriem Ben Yahia, 26, before taking his own life. His wife and two children, aged three and 10 months, were able to escape and called 911. Neigh
Rand Paul launched his presidential campaign Tuesday in Louisville, Kentucky. On Wednesday, he sparred with TODAY host Savannah Guthrie about his past foreign policy positions. 'Why don't we let me explain instead of talking over me, OK?' he griped. Guthrie obliged, asking him if he had changed his views, but he charged ahead. 'No, no, you've editorialized,' he said. A liberal opposition-research group said Paul 'can't seem to step in front of a camera without proving that shooting from the hip is a good way to shoot yourself in the foot'
Vicky Pryce, 62, was jailed for two months in 2013 for perverting the course of justice. She took her ex-husband Chris Huhne's speeding points to 'nail him' after he left her for another woman. Admits she never baked cakes for her children and would often be late for parties. Advises women to 'be as independent as you possibly can' while in prison.
The 17,000-square-foot estate in Vail, Colorado, was built in 2008 by Dick Rothkopf, a former toy company chief, and his family. It took two years, a team of engineers and $1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door because it is so remote. The Italian-inspired home, which is known as 'Il Podere' - which means 'family homestead' in Italian - features a main residence with seven bedrooms, seven full bathrooms, three half bathrooms, an elevator and a gourmet kitchen.
Taylor Alesana, 16, of Fallbrook, California took her own life on April 2 after being bullied because she was transgender. The North County LGBTQ Resource Center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults. Alesana attended meetings at the center and was very supportive of other transgender teens, said Max Disposti, the group's executive director, even posting a series of online videos describing her daily experiences and struggles.
An Australian couple abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in India in 2012. The couple travelled to India in late 2012 and sought citizenship for a baby girl but told consular staff they would be leaving her twin brother behind because they could not afford him. Australian government officials had full knowledge of the startling ordeal, according to documents obtained by the ABC. It is illegal to enter into international surrogacy arrangements in New South Wales.
13-year-old Stephanie wanted to send a message to her astronaut father. She enlisted the help of car manufacturer Hyundai to make the earth drawing. 11 cars wrote the message in Nevadas Delamar Dry Lake using coordinates. The Guinness World Record has now declared it the largest tire track image ever.
Police raided the house of John Koepke, in Wittmann, Arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting, cramped conditions. One of the cats was found nursing a set of three young Chihuahua puppies in a box. Many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems and are currently being assessed by vets. Koepke had been 'highly emotional' and refused to surrender his animals to the deputies on Wednesday, calling them 'his children'
Louisa Steckenreuter, 35, was diagnosed with Osteosarcoma, a rare form of cancer last year. The mother-of-two turned to a new drug, Keytruda, to help fight off the deadly disease. Her doctors believe it may help her, but the drawback is the medication costs $6000 a month, and is not subsidised on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme. To have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from Dulwich Hill, in Sydney's inner-west, needs to raise $100,000. She has so
Kathy Ferreiro, 21, is vying to steal Kim Kardashian's crown. The Miami-based Latina has been dubbed the 'Cuban Kim Kardashian' Her Instagram and Twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily. She describes herself as a'mamasota', meaning'sexy' in Spanish.
Shah Jahah Khan, 62, and Ibrahim Anderson, 38, both deny inviting support for ISIS. The pair are accused of setting up a stall on London's Oxford Street and handing out leaflets inviting shoppers to join the terror group. Anderson also denies possessing information likely to be useful for the preparation of or carrying out an act of terrorism. Both men appeared at Westminster Magistrates Court today and pleaded not guilty to terror offences.
Michael Easy, 29, from Southampton, Hampshire, went on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman. He sparked a nationwide police manhunt and was jailed for 15 months for the assault. But he went on run again in December last year after being released from prison. While on run, he posted photos of himself in wig and Dame Edna-style glasses on Facebook. Easy is now facing four months in jail after breaching a restraining order and assaulting two prison guards.
Doug Hughes, 61, caused a major security scare when he landed his gyro-copter on the US Capitol lawn on Wednesday afternoon. House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul revealed that Capitol authorities had Hughes in their sights and were prepared to open fire. 'Had it gotten any closer to the speaker's balcony they have long guns to take it down, but it didn't. It landed right in front,' said McCaul. Hughes claims he informed the Secret Service and Capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone, which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government
Leo Schofield, 79, said living in Tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life. He moved to Hobart to set up a Baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help Tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage. But he decided to relocate back to New South Wales after the Tasmanian Government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent. 'I think I came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide. I just started to fall apart,' he said.
The former Obama administration official endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the State Department. Now a presidential candidate, Clinton today gave same-sex marriage her complete backing. Her shift in position comes just before the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the Supreme Court on the matter. Clinton had brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on Sunday that featured 'everyday' Americans preparing for something big - including a gay couple planning their wedding.
Todd Larson, 55, said he had parked his collectible Dodge Challenger worth $30,000 in the driveway of his Taylorsville, Utah home on March 25. Moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53am. He said the FAA did an investigation and found an A1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened and when the plane was flying above his home. Mr Larson has contacted Delta Airlines and the person in charge of the aircraft has not returned his calls.
Italian astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti wore the uniform on Friday. Together with Nasa astronaut Terry Virts she captured the spacecraft. On board it had 4,000lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine. It will remain at the ISS for a month before returning to Earth. This is the California-based SpaceX company's seventh station supply run since 2012, all from Cape Canaveral.
The eight-year-old girl who died in a horrific accident in NSW has been identified as Piper. She was in the car with her mother, her two brothers and her grandmother when it is believed their Holden Astra aqua-planed, spun out of control and ended up on the other side of the road. Piper's grandmother, Helen Boddy, was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident on Wyee Road near Doyalson about 5.15pm on Saturday. Two boys, aged nine and 12, were airlifted to The Children's Hospital at
Nigel Jackson, 59, is accused of murdering his wife at their home in Algarve, Portugal. Body of Brenda Davidson, 72, was found in shallow grave in her garden in January this year. At the time he said she had committed suicide after being diagnosed with cancer. But after being shown evidence she was killed, he has now changed his story. Claims Mrs Davidson must have been killed by intruders during a bungled burglary. He also admits to moving his mistress into the house as her body lay in the garden.
Money is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits. Total amount of benefits paid to staff exceeds what firms pay in corporation tax. Citizens UK is campaigning for the adoption of the Living Wage - £9.15 an hour in London and £7.85 for rest of UK. It estimates this would reduce need for in-work benefits by £6.7bn a year.
Research done on fish and mice could lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume. Research focused on POMC neurons, which are a structure called the hypothalamus. These are brain cells that send and receive signals to regulate appetite. When they are absent, or not working properly, animals and humans grow obese.
The two-bedroom cabin is based near the tiny Hampshire hamlet of Newgrounds, near Godshill. It is made entirely from timber imported from Norway and has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding it. The property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished. Despite looking like an ideal holiday retreat, the cabin also comes with permission to live in it all year round.
The septum ring isn't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years. It was a coming-of-age ritual for some North American tribes - the Shawnee leaders Tecumseh and Tenskwatawa both had them. In certain warrior tribes, it was used in a similar way to war paint - to look terrifying in front of opponents.
The Labor Department reported on Thursday that the number of jobless Americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4per cent last year from 10.9per cent in 2013. Engineering and business majors have the most chance on landing a job in today's competitive market. Michigan State University's employment center found that hiring of graduates will rise 16per cent this year.
Lib Dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls. Officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service. They said it could be used for update appointments, brief progress checks or for when patients needed'reassurance' Lib Dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be available online.
Solomon Bygraves, 29, has been jailed for 30 months for mugging Stanley Evans, 93. Bygraves knocked the pensioner to the ground and stole his wallet in Soho, London. Pensioner was left lying on the floor for ten minutes after the attack on January 31. Mr Evans said he wanted his attacker to be locked up for a 'long time' to protect the public. Judge said Mr Evans could have died in the attack and ordered him to serve at least 15 months.
Jacob Church, 21, and Joe Tobin, 29, were at an art exhibition in Cardiff at 1am. Pair were locked in vault door when it shut behind them, leaving them in total darkness. Fire crews used drilling equipment to drill through thick concrete wall and pass them light. They eventually created a hole large enough for them to crawl out unharmed at 6.45am.
Shayna Hubers, 24, is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend, 29-year-old Ryan Poston. Prosecutors say Hubers intentionally shot Poston six times across a table, including once in the face, after Poston tried to end their relationship. Jurors were shown a videotaped police interview with Hubers in which the woman, then 21, said Poston was 'vain' and she gave him the 'nose job he wanted' Hubers told police Poston insulted her family and called her a 'hillbilly from Kentucky'
Patricia Jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her Facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity. Monsignor Seamus Brennan, pastor of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, said in the letter that Catholic teachers should communicate the faith in 'a way that is positive and never hurtful' Another one of her posts compared a lesbian relationship to news of Egyptian men being beheaded and she said that'secular materialists (are) making our country so weak we cannot fight the dictatorship of Militant Islam' A letter was sent on Friday
Shane O'Byrne and wife Jaimie received the fine in March 2013. They had taken their newborn baby Cristabelle out for the first time. In the process of getting out of the car the ticket fell on the floor. It was invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty. The couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine.
Duke of Kent, 79, was seen leaving Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with walking stick today. Queen's cousin was admitted yesterday after suffering dislocated hip on Easter Monday. He was taken to hospital from Balmoral Castle in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, on Saturday. Buckingham Palace said today that he had been'successfully' treated for the injury. Dislocation comes just two years after the Duke suffered a'mild' stroke in London.
Jarret Stoll, 32, is the longtime boyfriend of Dancing With The Stars host Erin Andrews, a former ESPN employee who now works as an NFL sideline reporter for Fox Sports. The NHL player was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and MDMA at the Wet Republic pool at the MGM Grand Hotel shortly before 5pm Friday. Stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in Hermosa Beach, California.
Loretta Reinholdt, 54, and Andy Wasinger, 46, were on their second day into a trip from Belize to the Honduran island of Roatan two weeks ago when they were attacked. Four men with guns and knives boarded the sailboat and took all of their money before pushing their boat to the shore of a remote beach. The couple and their captain survived on rainwater, peanut butter and cheese and make a make-shift tent to stay in until they were saved. Their rescuers took trio to the town to Tela, where they met Honduras President Juan Orlando Hernandez,
Boy, known only as Hanghang, was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it. He said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face, exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs. Hanghang is now being treated in Ping Mei Group Hospital and is expected to need several operations.
Two raiders stripped off their tops before attempting to rob an Esso filling station. The raiders forced their way into the manager's office of the petrol station in Caterham, Surrey. They were ransacking the room looking for cash when they were disturbed by staff. Police have released CCTV images of the raiders in the hope they will help identify them. A third man, aged in his 20s, has been arrested and released on police bail.
Leon Yeaman, 55, was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker Phillip Pama, 28. Mr Yeaman was reportedly in his yard on Muller Road making a lot of noise at around 9pm Thursday night. Pama then confronted Mr Yeaman and it was at that point the situation escalated. The Samoan man was ordered to surrender his passport, aherre to a curfew from 6pm to 2am.
These never-before-seen images were taken by Reverend Charles Martin King Parsons, one of a handful of British Army chaplains who helped liberate the camp. Bergen-Belsen was the final resting place of 50,000 Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Nazi opponents and those with disabilities. Diary writer Anne Frank, and her sister Margot, died there in February 1945, just months before the Allies liberated it. Shortly after liberation by British and Canadian troops in 1945, it was torched, and at least part of that suffering was destroyed.
Lisa McElroy, 50, a Drexel University professor who teaches legal writing, allegedly sent her students a link to a video of 'a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act' In 2010, she appeared on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire and got tripped up on the $12,500 question. Despite using two lifelines, she answered wrong and walked away with around $5,000. The married mother-of-two has been placed on administrative leave from the Philadelphia university.
A monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in Northern Territory. Fishing guide Carol Gleeson watched as the fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole. The incident comes just a month after a 4.38 metre croc was caught after it had been eating dogs and threatening locals in Daly River.
A baby girl is in hospital with life-threatening injuries after a car crashed into the bedroom of a Geelong house. Police say the car crashed through a fence and into the front bedroom of the house after its driver apparently failed to negotiate a roundabout. The four-month-old girl was airlifted to the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne where she remains in an induced coma. Her parents, who are in their 20s and were in the room at the time, are in Geelong Hospital with minor injuries. A 20-year-old Grovedale man is under police guard
Bishop Robert Finn, 62, offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some 'grave' reason. Children's rights advocates are urging Pope Francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals. Finn, who leads the Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph in Missouri, got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the Reverand Shawn Ratigan.
Cledford Hall, which dates back to 1822, will be knocked down to make way for camp. The 19th century mansion will be converted into a 'transit site' with room for nine gipsy families. Cheshire East Council say it is needed to stop 'unauthorised encampments' in the area. Villagers in Cledford, near Middlewich, say travellers could 'intimidate' nearby pensioners. They fear their picturesque cottages will be left worthless as they sell up.
Marc and Shanon Parker from Port Canaveral, Florida, have built a fleet of movie-inspired vehicles. Among them are Batman's Tumbler, Ghostbusters' Ecto-1 and Transformers' Optimus Prime truck. The brothers' creations have even won them a place in the Guinness World Records. They have a business - Parker Brothers Concepts - and hire them out to celebrities.
Rahm Emanuel defeated Cook County Commissioner Jesus 'Chuy' Garcia in a runoff election Tuesday night. Emanuel thanked voters for putting him through his paces and said he will be a better mayor because of it. The 55-year-old mayor ascended the stage at Plumbers Local 130 Union Hall Tuesday night to the sounds of U2's Beautiful Day. With nearly all voting precincts reporting results, Emanuel had about 56 per cent of the vote compared to around 44 per cent for his opponent.
Rachel Sandridge, 29, from Maryland, was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs. But durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer. She had to lose weight to qualify for the surgery and then underwent a routine endoscopy, to examine her digestive tract to ensure it was all healthy. During the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample. Sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach.
Kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the Saint James Cathedral in Jerusalem's Old City. Archbishop Aris Shirvanian, an Armenian church official, said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony. The 22-month-old was dressed in a white gown and her father was wearing the same colour. Kim opted for a striped wrap-around dress and flat sandals.
Rural towns like Cumnock, Errowanbang and Molong in NSW and Wicheproof in Victoria are renting their empty properties for $1 a week. Residents hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools, save the local bus run and keep businesses open. Cumnock resident Christine Weston says the Rent-a-farmhouse initiative brought new life to her town of 280 people near Orange. The town's population increased 30 per cent but those families are growing up and moving on.
Aimee West, 24, is said to be in a relationship with Major Paul Draper. Major Draper, 51, was a mourner at her fiance's funeral two years ago. Miss West met Fusilier Rigby at an Army Cadets training camp in Wales in 2012.
Five firefighters and one's girlfriend have been charged with aggravated sexual assault. Brittany Leanne Parten, 23, is suspected of using a cellphone to film the attack. The group allegedly sexually assaulted a new recruit with a chorizo sausage. Fire chiefs Gavin Satterfield, 31, and William 'Billy' Getzendaner, 34, were suspended by the department's oversight board following the arrests on Thursday. They are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet.
Dr. Fredric Brandt was found dead in his Coconut Grove, New York home on Easter Sunday morning. Police report reveals he was battling extreme depression and had been injecting himself with fillers for the past 10 days before his death. Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer. His psychiatrist Dr. Saida Koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered a friend to stay with him to monitor him. The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt character, played by Martin Short, bears a startling resemblance to Brandt. Friends admit Brand
Agnese Klavina, 30, vanished after being driven away from Aqwa Mist on September 6 last year. Older sister Gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as'very beautiful' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news. Multi-millionaire property developer's son Westley Capper, 37, and pal Craig Porter, 33, were summoned to court on Monday in nearby Marbella. They are being investigated on suspicion of illegal detention after police report claimed she did not leave the club voluntarily. Judge is now expected to order new DNA tests on
Keurig's chief technology officer Kevin Sullivan has said that single-serve coffee has 'found the hidden need - the need that people didn't know they had' The company has also made $4.7 billion in revenue, and 1/3 of homes in the US now reportedly feature single serve coffee machines. The 24-counts of single-served coffee capsules - often known as K-Cups - usually have list prices between $15.49 and $17.99.
David Cameron to warn English voters SNP's new powers could impact their lives. He will announce an annual review of the fairness of the Scottish government's policies. Cameron will call the idea the 'Carlisle Principle' - named to reflect border communities. Growing resentment in England and Wales at 'apartheid' between those living north and south of border.
Piper Kulk, 8, died on Sunday morning, hours after the fatal crash on the NSW Central Coast. Her brother William, 9, died in hospital on Sunday evening. Their grandmother, Helen Boddy, 54, aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute. All three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the accident occurred. The seven people involved in the crash were all trapped in the wreckage before being released from the two vehicles by emergency services.
A man stormed the catwalk at the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week Australia opening show in Sydney on Sunday night. The man, understood to be a neighbour of the venue, walked onto the runway while designer Kym Ellery was taking her bow. He was overheard to tell security that the music was a 'disgrace', and that show organisers had 'no respect for the local community' Hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the show, which lasted about 15 minutes.
Andrew O'Clee, 36, was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy. He led a double life, duping his first wife, Michelle, 39, into thinking he was in a safe house. In reality he was romancing finance manager Philippa Campbell, 30, who he married. His first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a Facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge. The post led her to photos of his second wedding, which she reported to police.
Politicians have been getting in on the selfie craze on the campaign trail. David Cameron, Nick Clegg, Ed Miliband and Nigel Farage have all been snapped for selfies. Tory MPs were told at the start of the campaign to pose for'selfies' as often as possible. Party leaders are also being told to use social media to spread their message.
Loo version of Iron Throne was built by Hollywood prop makers for YouTube show Super Fan Builds. Team used jigsaws, grinders and special paint that gives wood a metallic effect. Once finished it was presented to self-confessed Game Of Thrones geek John Giovanazzi. It was installed in the toilet of the bar he runs in Glendale, California.
Dianas final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online. Those of Winston Churchill and George Orwell can also be seen. Qadir Ahmed runs the secure Iron Mountain facility in a leafy suburb of Birmingham where row upon row of the documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage, under tight security.
Cobbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again. Bristol City Council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been 'overwhelmingly' in support from cyclists, pedestrians and wheelchair users. The history of the area dates back to May 1809 when 83 acres of the tidal River Avon was impounded to keep ships in the port of Bristol afloat at all times.
Post Office asked accountants to investigate Horizon IT system in 2012. It followed complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft, fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered. Leaked report suggests discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures, cyber criminals or human error. Report sparks fresh calls for full independent inquiry into computer system.
Ella Dawson, a recent graduate of Wesleyan University who resides in New York City, was diagnosed with herpes two years ago. Dawson said that even though herpes is often the bud of the joke in popular culture, it's a real issue affecting at least one in six Americans. According to the CDC about 17 per cent of people ages 14-19 have genital herpes caused by HSV2.
A 32-year-old man has been charged with torture after another man went to hospital suffering fractures, head injuries and burns. The victim was admitted to Bundaberg Hospital on Saturday with burns to 15 per cent of his body. While in hospital the victim claimed to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him. Initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the mans car. Police carried out their own investigation and were able to charge the other man.
Zeke Celello burst into tears when Clinton announced she was running for President. The two-year-old claims that the former First Lady and Secretary of State has stolen his thunder. However, he eventually decides to run anyway, and uploads video to his mother's Facebook.
The lawsuit by Erica Kinsman, which seeks damages from the former Seminoles quarterback, was filed two weeks before the April 30 NFL draft. Winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013. He also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year. Lawsuit accuses Winston of rape, assault, false imprisonment and emotional distress.
Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei demanded that all sanctions on Iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing Tehran's nuclear program. But he hedged on whether there will be a deal in place at all by the June 30 deadline, saying 'I neither support nor oppose the deal, since nothing has happened yet' 'Instant annulment of all sanction is one of the demands of our officials,' Khamenei said in a speech broadcast live on state television. The crowd chanted 'Death to America!' during the speech, according to reports.
Ashley Mote, 79, of Binsted, Hampshire, is accused of a string of fraud-related offences. Some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs he had built up as a result of being prosecuted in the UK for benefit fraud offences, jury told. He denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between November 2004 and July 2010. Mote was elected a Ukip MEP for South East England in 2004, but thrown out of party shortly before he took up his seat.
Stanford University study examined views of teachers in US schools to see if their opinions of fictional pupils were altered by racial stereotypes. Teachers were more likely to see black pupils as troublemakers than those they thought were white. This may explain why black students are punished more harshly for misbehaviour.
Third graders in Orange, New Jersey, and high school students in the Philadelphia Student Union have sent letters to Mumia Abu-Jamal. The cards have caused outrage and alarm among political commentators, many of whom claim the 60-year-old's illness is a fraud and clamor for attention. Abu-Jama was taken to hospital on April 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the State Correctional Institution at Mahanoy.
Joy Webb, 17, asked her 80-year-old grandfather James Drain to be her date to the end-of-year dance in Albertville, Alabama this weekend. Drain enlisted in the Navy in 1951 at the age of 17 and would have been serving in the Korean War when his own prom happened. Webb asked her principal for permission to bring her 'Poppa' to the dance, and he agreed to make an exception for the 21 age limit. The two enjoyed a pre-prom dinner at Mater's restaurant before going on a horse and carriage ride around town.
California-based Wings of Rescue or South Carolina-based Pilots N Paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes, fuel and time. The two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year. It's estimated that more than 4 million U.S. pets are euthanized every year. Both pilot groups encourage spaying and neutering as a solution but know that airlifts will increase every year as they become more visible and the number of needy dogs grows.
Dominique Granier said the smell on route 9 in Montpellier is a'sanitation risk' He suggested putting on a service specifically for those using the route from Roma camp. His comments were met with outrage by some, including a local union representative. But company TAM is said to have taken his suggestion seriously and 'outsourced' part of the route.
Loren Mathieson filmed her pet Boston Terrier, Gizmo, performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home. Footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air. He then proceeds to walk forwards, performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes. To date the video of his circus-like trick has been watched more than 80,000 times.
Young girl, around six or seven, is shown firing a machine gun at ISIS militants. Tells man behind camera she is'shooting at Daesh' - the Arabic name for ISIS in Kurdish. He asks her how many ISIS fighters she has killed so far, and she boasts '400' He encourages her to kill more, saying: 'Kill, kill, kill' as she fires rounds into the desert. Video was posted in January, but has only recently emerged on social networks.
Eric Lee Gates and his adult daughter, Chalena Mae Moody, had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care. The baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in Oregon. Gates is currently serving a six-month jail sentence for violating his probation by moving back in with Moody. Moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge, but got credit for time already served and did not have to serve any additional days behind bars. Pair have two children together - born in 2013 and 2014 - a third died in
A 160kg man who fell down a stormwater drain has been rescued by 15 firefighters. Rescue teams were called to Meadowbank in Sydney's west about 11pm on Wednesday. Firefighters, paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg.
Tank, a 2-year-old bulldog from Iowa won Drake University's 36th annual 'Beautiful Bulldog' contest Sunday. The tongue-in-cheek beauty pageant, which featured 50 dogs, is the kickoff event for the Drake Relays track meet. Tank received top honors as well as a crown and cape.
Queen Margrethe, 75, was joined on the balcony by her son and heir, Crown Prince Frederik, 46, his wife Crown Princess Mary, 43, and their four children. Waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared. Other European royal dynasties, including Sweden's and Norway's, also joined the Danish contingent. One royal who missed the balcony appearance was Margrethel's husband Prince Henrik who is suffering from flu.
The audience at the filming of Thursday nights debate cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration. When Ukip leader Nigel Farage said they were prejudiced, they only booed him further. David Dimbleby pointed out that the audience had not been selected by the BBC, but by a reputable polling organisation
Michael Shepard, 35, allegedly molested at least seven children in Pinellas Park, Florida, just 18 months after he was released from prison. Shepard, who has a history of molesting children dating back 20 years, served 15 years in prison for molesting two boys, age six and nine, at a roller rink in 1998. Two psychologists examined Shepard and found that he wasn't likely molest children again after his release. He was diagnosed withpedophilia, depressive disorder and adult antisocial behavior.
Locals from the island of Kudahuvadhoo in the Maldives reported witnessing 'a low-flying jumbo jet' on the morning of March 8 last year. Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 disappeared while travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. The search for the missing plane by the Joint Agency Co-ordination Centre, headed by Australia, has focused on 60,000 square kilometres of deep ocean off the coast of Western Australia. Despite an exhaustive search that is underway along a 600 square kilometre arc, locals believe they identified red and blue markings, similar
Kat Lee's Facebook plea on Facebook has gone viral as she appeals for witnesses to come forward following her son's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone. She said a group of five, including four teenagers and an adult, attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog. Police said the assault took place at about 5.30pm on Saturday night after a dispute at Alberton train station, north-western Adelaide.
434,775 people waited longer than four hours in hospital emergency wards. Over the past year, more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time  compared to just 353,000 in 2009/10. It is now 89 weeks since hospital A&Es met their waiting targets. Labour's Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the Government was the blame for the NHS's failure.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service and MOT. When he went to collect it, he was shocked to discover a mechanic had taken it for a spin. His dashcam recorded footage of it being driven at 57mph in a 30mph zone. Mr Ingram says the dashboard camera was not switched but was on standby mode on a motion sensor. Halfords have explained that the mechanic was a temporary employee at the branch in Plymouth, who has since been removed from this role.
Julie Creffield, 37, from Stratford, was told she was too fat to run when she was a size 18. She completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races since. Now through her website, The Fat Girl's Guide To Running, she's encouraging other women to take up running. A new survey found two thirds of women believe they can't run. This Morning will follow three women as they train for five weeks to run 5K.
The University of Sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the MyMaster website. But internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating. This comes after another institution - the University of Newcastle - last month said it had expelled two students, suspended eight students and found 21 others guilty of misconduct. Yingying Dou, 30, reportedly ran the website which charged up to $1000 per assignment.
Charity Bite-Back says as many as one in five Chinese restaurants are serving shark fin soup. Trading standards officers raided restaurant The Royal China Club in central London. It boasted of selling the soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth. Legal loophole allows people to bring 20kg of fins into UK if they are for personal consumption. One kilogram of shark fin can fetch £180 through wholesale markets.
Emily Thornberry has come out against David Cameron's pledge to extend right to buy policy. But eight years ago she and her husband bought a housing association property worth £1million. Tories said she opposed right to 'right to buy to let' but not 'right-to-buy to let 'This hypocrisy goes right to the heart of Ed Milibands Islington-based, out-of-touch Labour Party'
Peter Mutty was sentenced to six months jail and 75 lashes after he was found with homemade alcohol in Saudi Arabia. The Sydney grandfather was jailed for alcohol possession, which is illegal in the country. While other expats who had committed the same crime in the past were deported, Mutty received 28 of the 75 lashes. He was released on March 19 but has had a travel ban placed on him. Mutty has grown increasingly frustrated with the Australian embassy who he claims have not been taking his case seriously. 'We don't care what the politics are, [we want them to] take
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Emmanuel Sithole was attacked by a mob in Alexandra township near Johannesburg. He was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre was closed for the day. The doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself. His cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from mobile phone found in his pocket.
Labour leader Harold Wilson secretly lobbied the BBC to delay a repeat of Steptoe and Son. He feared working class voters would stay at home and watch the comedy instead of voting. Mr Wilson went to the home of BBC Director General Sir Hugh Greene to express his concerns. Sir Hugh said Mr Wilson told him the repeat could cost him 20 seats in the 1964 election. Labour won the election by four seats and Mr Wilson was leader of the opposition at the time.
Dale and Debra Krein of Rogue River, Oregon, filed suit against neighbors in 2012. Claimed their lives have been plagued by their Tibetan mastiffs' barking since 2002. John Updegraff and Karen Szewc tried to argue they needed dogs to protect livestock. Jury ruled in favor of Kreins, ordering canines to be debarked within 60 days.
Dr Fredric Brandt, 65, was found hanged in the garage of his Miami mansion on Sunday morning. A male friend who was staying at the home out of concern for the doctor called 911 at 9.17am. He was pronounced dead at the scene, according to the police report. Jeff Richmond, who is an executive producer and music composer on Tina Fey's show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, described the death of Brandt as'very sad' It came as sources close to Brandt said the doctor was 'definitely hurt' by an apparent portrayal of himself on the Netflix
Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, 72, died in fighting with government troops in Salahuddin province. He headed the Naqshbandi Order insurgent group, an important faction behind rise of ISIS. Was deputy to Saddam when he was deposed following the 2003 US-led invasion of Iraq. After Saddam's death in 2006, he was confirmed as the new leader of the banned Ba'ath Party. Al-Douri was ranked sixth on the US military's list of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis after offensive to overthrow Saddam and had a $10m bounty on
Tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the ISS. It would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in Earth orbit. The system would have a range of 62 miles (100km) and could target things less than 0.4 inches (1cm) in size. Powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into Earths atmosphere, where it would burn up. Without going into specifics, the team says their proposal could remove most of the centimetre-sized debris.
Almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts because they no longer see it as cool Trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to social network to stay in touch. Nearly 60 per cent of Britons aged over 55 now have a Facebook account, according to research.
Wonga's revenues fell by nearly £100million last year to a total of £217.2million. Chairman Andy Haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company's reputation. New rules introduced this year are designed to clamp down on the costs of payday loans offered by companies like Wonga. The total amount of money lent fell from £1.1billion to £732million.
Only 15% of students say they plan to vote Green, down from 28% in February. Proportion of students who dislike leader Natalie Bennett has doubled to 24%. Labour's Ed Miliband is the main beneficiary with 35% saying they will vote for him. Deputy leader Amelia Womack faced questions about Ms Bennett's leadership after it emerged her boyfriend had written blogs about rape, kidnap and murder.
Richie Benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer. The champion leg spinner turned cricket commentating into an art form, earning him the title of 'the Voice of Cricket' His sayings from the hundreds of Test and One Day cricket matches he commentated on across the world were often what fans remembered from important moments. His trademark word 'Marvellous...' will forever be linked to the cricket legend.
Bobby was performing at the Verizon Theatre in Dallas on Saturday night when he told the stunned audience that 'Bobbi is awake. She's watching me' The singer didn't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit. After the 46-year-old's comment, his sister Tina posted on Facebook, '[Bobbi] woke up and is no longer on life support!!!!!:):)God is good!!thanks for your prayers,,still a process,but she is going to be ok:):):):).' But TMZ reported on Monday that Whitney Houston
PM will unveil analysis to show Labour and SNP are'really on the same side' Since Miliband became Labour leader, SNP has trooped through lobbies with MPs in 91.5% of Commons divisions. SNP backed Labour in 27 out of 28 votes on welfare and 62 out of 65 on economy. Labour and SNP have ruled out formal coalition but refused to do same for a looser arrangement that would prop up minority government led by Miliband.
Italian Alex Bellini will live atop an iceberg in Greenland starting next year. He will live inside a contained ball, with no means to escape for 12 months. The capsule will be 10ft (three metres) wide and could fit 10 people. But Mr Bellini, 36, will remove all of the seats apart from one, for himself. His goal is to see an iceberg in the last phase of its long life, observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean. Mr Bellinis plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay
Plane skidded along runway for 380ft before coming to a stop at East Midlands Airport. Left main landing gear came off due to heat damage to chrome plating, report said. Plane's 38-year-old captain and co-pilot escaped injury and there were no passengers on board. Report cited concerns about communications between air traffic control and agencies.
Joel Burger, 24, proposed to his 23-year-old girlfriend Ashley King. She said yes - paving the way for a Burger-King wedding. The couple from New Berlin, Illinois, have known each other since kindergarten. They plan to serve drinks in Burger King cups, with each guest's name on the side.
Professor Paul Whiteley of the University of Essex said a second election is 'extremely likely' He predicted a repeat of the disastrous Left-wing Lib-Lib pact of the 1970s. The disastrous pact led to the rise of Margaret Thatcher and the Tories held on to power. Experts said the likeliest outcome would be the Conservatives winning the most votes.
Change4Life promoting dishes on its website with up to 29g of sugar per serving. Banana and Apricot Bread Pudding has more sugar than a Snickers bar, which has 27g. Cardiologist Dr Aseem Malhotra said he found the advice 'disturbing' Public Health England said the majority of recipes are fruit-based.
Search engine reveals what Brits were searching for during last night's TV debate. Voters wanted to know why David Cameron was a no-show to the 90-minute event. Prime Minister was 66 miles from the action at home in Oxfordshire. Labour's Ed Miliband, SNP's Nicola Sturgeon, Ukip's Nigel Farage, Green's Natalie Bennett and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood.
Former Staff Sgt. Charlie Linville, 29, from Boise, Idaho, is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter (29,035-foot) summit next month. His quest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 Sherpa guides in April, the beginning of the climbing season, when an avalanche swept down. 'My message is anything is possible. It is just not me being an amputee, but anyone sitting on the couch around the world that has problems - you can
Jannik Andersen, 23, was hit by a Union Pacific train in Indio, California, on Saturday. He was attending Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the time of the incident. Police have launched an investigation into the incident, which occurred at 3am. It remains unclear why student was on the train tracks instead of at the music festival. On Monday, friends paid tribute to the University of Colorado student, calling him 'happiest dude in the world' Mac DeMarco, a performer at the festival, took to Twitter to pay his respects to student.
Waheed Ahmed, son of Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed, 21, arrested at Turkish border. Accused of trying to sneak into Syria with eight of his relatives and was arrested when he landed in the UK earlier this week. University student from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, and eight relatives were stopped on the Turkish border with Syria on April 1. They were arrested by Turkish police within walking distance of the border in the town of Reyhanli. Waheed was deported by the Turkish authorities and flown back to Britain on a plane. He was held at Birmingham Airport by anti-terrorism police
Pictures offer the first glimpse into the melted reactors at the Japanese plant after the 2011 nuclear disaster. More than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of Fukushima's six reactors blew up following the huge tsunami which devastated the country. Tokyo Electric Power Company, which operates the wrecked Fukushima nuclear plant, admitted the robot had only completed two-thirds of Friday's planned mission inside the Unit 1 containment vessel. Second robot mission scheduled for Monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction.
The 352-page collection of selfies won't be officially be available to the masses until May. Gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on Thursday afternoon. The limited edition copies, which retailed for $60 per book, sold out in less than a minute.
Kendall and Baylee Martin are non-identical twins but have very different personalities. Their father, Curtis Martin, is half-Jamaican, while their mother is white. They were created when two eggs were fertilised by two sperm. This means they have inherited different genes from their parents. Normally, you would expect both to inherit a mix of black and white genes. But, in odds of a million to one, Baylee has inherited a set of genes for white skin. And Kendalls genetic inheritance includes genes that code for black skin.
Me-Bai the elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in Thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old. She didn't see her mother, who also worked in the trade, for three years. The small elephant left the tourism trade 'because she was too young [and] began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer' She was recently rescued and brought to the Elephant Nature Park sanctuary in the north of the country. Video shows the elephants caressing each other with their trunks and flapping their ears  seemingly in joy.
A new Kansas law tells poor families that they can't use cash assistance from the state to attend concerts, go swimming, visit theme parks or buy lingerie. The list of don'ts runs to several dozen items. More than 20 other states have such lists. But, the one included by the Republican-dominated Kansas Legislature in a bill that GOP Gov. Sam Brownback planned to sign Thursday appears to be the most exhaustive, according to state Department for Children and Families officials.
Danielle Davies, 21, gave birth to Harley at 1.13am on April 10 in Morecambe, Lancs. He weighed 11lb 5oz and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months. Midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice as he was 'off their official charts' Pushed for two hours without pain relief and gave birth on gas and air.
Police charged Paul Johnson-Yarosevich of Acton, Maine, on Monday with prohibited use of computer. The investigation started in December after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact. Police said they determined the girl thought she had been communicating via social media with another female student around her age.
Carlos Boente, 33, was serving time at HMP Birmingham for harassment offences. He began contacting the 19-year-old woman in November 2013. The prisoner originally asked her to change his Facebook password as a favour. Then bombarded her with thousands of texts and calls telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison. Eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door.
Michelle, 27, unveils summer range for Lipsy. Full of playsuits, cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace. Last month unveiled as face of Garnier Ambre Solaire No Streaks Bronzer Self Tan. Currently filming new TV projects and getting ready to tie the knot with Mark Wright.
Oratilwe Hlongwane, from Johannesburg, South Africa, is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop. His capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music. The youngster, who still wears nappies and does not yet go to school, has nearly 25,000 Facebook fans. Some people have accused his parents of abuse and profiting from their child's precocious ability.
Caron Wyn Jones underwent hip operation at private clinic in Bridgend, Wales. He paid because Welsh NHS could not perform operation soon enough - and he was keen to get it done before a holiday. Welsh First Minister Carwyn Jones, also Welsh Labour leader, opposed his decision. Tory MP David Davies said move'made a mockery' of his championing of Welsh NHS.
Lord Prescott has defended Prince Charles over allegations he secretly writes to ministers. Former deputy prime minister said he has 'a lot of time for the Prince of Wales' Insisted that he should 'write as many damn letters as he likes' and has a lot to offer the country. Lord Prescott published extracts from two letters he received from the Prince. He said that while he is 'not a raving loyalist', he listens to everyone who contacts him. The letters were penned between September 2004 and March 2005.
Nearly 9,000 reports of child sex abuse were filed with police in 2014, figures show. South Yorkshire saw a 577 per cent rise in reported cases over the last five years. Operation Yewtree was sparked by Jimmy Savile's sexual abuse of dozens of children. But despite the rise in reports, the number of arrests fell by nine per cent. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper described the figures as a 'national scandal'
Angelina Santini from San Diego, filmed her nine-month-old son Marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day. The comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor. At the one-minute-30-second mark, Marcus shows no sign of slowing down.
Patricia Ebel, 49, was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool on Friday when she crashed her BMW 5-Series into a car that was stopped at an intersection in Naples, Florida. Ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests administered by Collier County Sheriffs Deputies. She is facing DUI charges including driving with a.15-or-greater blood alcohol content with a minor in the car.
Linda Hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $3.5 million a year after she divorced the WWE Hall of Famer in 2009. Called Villa di Montagna, the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated Wood Ranch Golf & Country Club community. After buying the property, Linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls, stone fireplaces, carved wood details and coffered ceilings. Built in 2005, the Tuscan-style mansion has five bedrooms and 5.5 baths.
Lynne Abraham, 74, collapsed 10 minutes into Tuesday night's Democratic mayoral debate in Philadelphia. The former Philadelphia District Attorney allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights. Mayoral candidate Nelson Diaz came to Abraham's aid and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness. Abraham sat out the rest of the debate and appeared to be in good spirits afterwards.
Millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst was indicted Wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in New Orleans. Arrest related to those charges has kept Durst from being extradited to Los Angeles, where he's charged in the December 2000 death of longtime friend Susan Berman. Until his indictment Wednesday, Durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the.38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his hotel room.
Work at the Dome of the Rock was meant to replace carpet worn away by pilgrims. But when old carpet was lifted, it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs. They could point to where the gold-cased Ark of the Covenant was buried 2,500 years ago. It has sparked a war of words between the Muslim authority that administers the Al Aqsa Mosque compound, which includes the Dome, and Israeli archaeologists. Scholars are angry they did not get the chance to document the designs before workmen began laying new carpet.
Faith Myers, 14, from Nebraska, was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still 'high' from the procedure's anesthesia. Footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat, with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread. She then declares that she will 'bring out a shotgun' if any boys come into her yard.
Shayanna Jenkins, 25, sobbed and hugged the killer's mom in the Massachusetts court on Wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder. Just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom, sat her 23-year-old sister, Shaneah Jenkins, the girlfriend of Odin Lloyd. The once-close sisters, who shared an apartment in their native Bristol, Connecticut, have not spoken since it became clear that Hernandez had a role in Lloyd's brutal death. Shaneah did not speak before the court but placed a comforting hand on Ms Ward when she spoke to media outside
The Duke of Wellington's forces defeated and killed Tipu Sultan, the Tiger of Mysore, in 1799. Troops plundered the city and the palace, returning to Britain with gold, jewellery, arms, armour, clothing and even Tipu's grand throne. This month, a collection of historic artefacts from this exotic empire will go on sale at London auction house Bonhams, and experts expect them to fetch around £1million. The item tipped to attract the biggest price is the Sultan's personal sporting gun, a four-foot-long rifle made by
Alex Impey is a father-of-two who says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness. He says he receives 20 requests for help each week at his hemp store, Gnostic Hemporium, on the NSW Central Coast, north of Sydney. 'I've got people coming in all the time, who have everything from cancer to early onset Parkinson's,' he said. Peter Rule's three-year-old daughter, Larisa, suffered brain damage at birth, leaving her partially blind and deaf, and with cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Within two days she
Elijah Overcomer, 26, and his wife Rosanna, 29, walked out of Gloriavale, a secretive Christian commune on New Zealand's west coast in March 2013. The couple and their three children left the commune after being told they may have lost their 'Salvation' if they left Gloriavale. They were 'blown away' by the kindness and support shown to them by churches in Christchurch and Timaru after their departure. Gloriavale is a town of about 500 people where everyone wears blue uniforms and birth control is non-existent. In an interview,
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families, two senior advisers said on Saturday. President Barack Obama all but endorsed her saying 'I think she would be an excellent president' The strategy described by Clinton's advisers has echoes of Obama's 2012 re-election campaign. Clinton will launch her campaign on Sunday with an online video.
Rhodri Giggs, 37, was found guilty of driving a Mercedes C200 without insurance. He was banned from driving for six months, fined £110 and ordered to pay £85 costs. The former player-manager of Salford City lost his licence under the 'totting-up' procedure. Giggs declined to apply for an 'exceptional hardship' application to keep his licence. In January, Giggs spoke for the first time about his brother Ryan's eight-year affair.
UFO researcher Scott Waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from Nasa's Mercury Project. Scientists say radical claims such as this are a simple case of pareidolia, which is the psychological response to seeing significant items in random places. The image was taken by unmanned space probe Mercury-Redstone 1A on December 19, 1960.
Femail writer and marathon runner Lucy Waterlow tested out £130 adidas Ultra Boost trainers. Supermarket chain Aldi have a running flash sale in stores from tomorrow (Thursday) £19.99 premium running shoes for women come in a turquoise and pink shade. Men's version is royal blue and available in stores while stocks last.
Neighbours in San Martino, Italy, complained about couple's 'raucous screams' during sex. They described the wails of passion as 'deafening' and said it kept them and their children awake. The man was sentenced to four months in prison and his fiancée given a noise abatement order. But the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay £9,000 in damages. It comes less than six months after a woman from Tyne and Wear was jailed for having noisy sex.
Hackers reportedly accessed real-time, non-public schedule of President Obama, which is regarded as highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies. In October 2014, the White House acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office, prompting system shutdowns and security upgrades. Six-month investigation into the breach reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of Russian President Vladimir Putin's government.
Director Gareth Edwards took to the stage at the Stars Wars Celebration in Anaheim, California, on Sunday to preview the first Star Wars spin-off Rogue One. The film will follow a band of resistance fighters who unite to steal the Death Star plans and 'bring a new hope,' referring to the subtitle of the original 'Star Wars' Gareth is due to start work on the film this summer for a December 2016 release. Felicity Jones, who recently garnered an Oscar nomination for her role in 'The Theory of Everything,' is the only confirmed cast member.
No Man's Land Fort, a Victorian sea fort in the middle of the Solent, is set to open this month. The isolated fort is located just off the coast of the Isle of Wight and has been turned into a luxury hotel. Guests can enjoy a rooftop hot tub, rooftop bar, spa, shops and even its own nightclub. Fort was built between 1867 and 1880 to defend the coast against French invasion and was used during both world wars.
The 4th District Court of Appeal in San Diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family's lawsuit trying to block the Encinitas Union School District from teaching yoga as an alternative to traditional gym classes. The lawsuit brought by Stephen and Jennifer Sedlock and their two children claimed the yoga classes promoted Hinduism and inhibited Christianity. About 30 families have opted out of the classes since they began in 2011.
Man, 36, arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder Abdul Hadi Arwani. Businessman Leslie Cooper already appeared in court charged with father-of-six's murder. Burnell Mitchell, brother of Boney M's lead singer, also arrested on terror charges. Father of six was found dead in his black Volkswagen Passat on April 7.
Sheree Morgan, 25, and younger sister Sophie, 21, let their bank accounts be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money. Victims were conned out of over £36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman. Sheree recruited ex-boyfriend Daniel Webster, 23, and her mother Justine Davies, 44, to use their accounts for the illicit transfers. All admitted money laundering but escaped jail after insisting they did not know who was to be conned.
Violet Pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia, a congenital malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb. The condition caused a widening of Violet's facial features, specifically with her nose, which had no cartilage, and the space between her eyes. She also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye. Plastic surgeon-in-chief Dr. John Meara of Boston Children's Hospital spent months preparing for Violet's surgery with molds of her skull that were made using a 3D printer.
Melanie Serita Buck, 33, accused of killing Michael Buckley, 60, at M&S in Bromley, London. Court heard she became frustrated as food aisles were 'gridlocked' by Christmas shoppers. Exchanged heated words with Mr Buckley before knocking him over with her trolley, it was alleged. Mr Buckley, who suffered from diabetes, fell to the floor and broke his thighbone and wrist. Shop assistant rushed to help him and he allegedly told her: 'She rammed me' He died three months later in intensive care due to complications from his injuries.
Jemma Peacock, 31, has a rare form of stomach cancer which has spread to her intestines. She is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life but third is most effective. Regorafenib costs the NHS around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service's approved list of treatments. The mother-of-two says she cannot afford to buy the drug privately and has called on NHS England to reverse their decision. NHS spends in the region of £1.3billion on cancer drugs a year and receives a
Restaurants serving 'baby tiger' cat meat are springing up across northern Vietnam. Owner tells MailOnline he slaughtered 31 cats in one day just to keep up with demand. Police officers and lawyers are among Vietnam's biggest customers for the meat. Cat meat is smuggled across the border in tightly-packed trucks from China and Laos. Animal welfare groups blasted the illegal trade - and claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions.
Jeremy Trentelman, 36, of Ogden, Utah, built a castle for his son Max, 3, and daughter Story, 2, in his front yard last week. Code enforcement officials told him to take it down because it is 'waste material or junk' The family will leave it up for 14 days, the maximum allowed before receiving a $125 fine. Mr Trentelman says he will not contest the letter because he does not want to turn the castle into something negative.
Only 42 per cent of parents charge their adult children rent. 80 per cent still buy their adult childs groceries, and 60 per cent cook dinner for them. Average salary of a grown-up child living at home is £26,000, giving them £1,000 a month.
When tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured, peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013. For the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9per cent. An estimated 14.75 million adults have gained coverage since the fall of 2013, when the law's first open enrollment season was about to begin.
Britney E. Montenegro, 20, was charged with disorderly conduct in Orlando, Florida, early Saturday after getting involved in a fight. The fight broke out about 2.40am Saturday at East Pine Street and South Court Avenue. Montenegro was arrested covered in blood, but police say it was not her own. She was handcuffed and taken away.
Abiotic methane is 20 times more effective in trapping heat than carbon dioxide. It forms through a process called serpentinisation, when seawater reacts with hot mantle rocks exhumed along large faults within the seafloor. One reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading Knipovich ridge, in the deep Fram Strait of the Arctic Ocean. The reservoirs are secure, and scientists don't believe they will impact climate change. Instead, they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane.
Ed Miliband will today pledge to cut the deficit every year if Labour wins the election. He will warn supporters that Labour faces coming to power in a 'time of scarcity' Launching the party's manifesto in Manchester, he will claim 'not one policy' in it would be funded by additional government borrowing. Policies in Labour's manifesto include a £2.5billion NHS fund paid for by a mansion tax and a levy on tobacco firms.
Whales were found washed up on two beaches at Hokota city, north-east of Tokyo. Officials are investigating what caused the animals to become stranded on the beaches. Social media sites have been ablaze with rumours of an impending earthquake. 50 melon-headed whales were found six days before the 2011 earthquake and tsunami. Experts have dismissed the claims as being 'unscientific' and say the area has had similar strandings before.
Dust mites are the number one cause of allergies in Australian homes. The odd shaped critters increase two to three times during late autumn to winter leading thousands of Australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms. An average bed can have approximately 10,000 dust mites living in it at one time. They live for three to four months and feed off animal and human dead skin. Dust mite droppings are the most common cause of allergic reactions. There is no way of avoiding them but there are ways of managing them.
Martina Levato and her German boyfriend Alexander Boettcher wanted to 'purge' relationships. They planned to throw 'corrosive liquid' at men she had been linked to, court heard. Levato, 23, allegedly tried to castrate a man's genitals while in his car in May 2014. Couple detained on suspicion of throwing acid on ex-boyfriend Pietro Barbini, 22, last year. The 22-year-old was left with third-degree burns and damage to his right eye.
Tony Degrafreed, of Indianapolis, Indiana, has been charged with murder for allegedly beating to death wife Rebecca, 47, at their home on July 20, 2014. Marion County prosecutor's office filed the request on Monday, for life without the chance of parole for the 50-year-old. In January 1994, Tony was arrested and charged with the murder of his estranged wife, Stacy, 26, along with two counts of attempted murder and illegal possession of a handgun. He was convicted of murder in 1995 and sentenced to 30 years in prison, but served less than half that sentence.
Dozens of anarchists have made their home in a litter-strewn shanty town in Runnymede, Surrey. King John sealed the Magna Carta to establish the rule of law at the historic site. The Queen will visit the site in June to celebrate the document's 800th anniversary. Squatters claim to live off the land, using solar panels for electricity and a freshwater spring to wash.
The T-shirts feature phrases such as 'I heart my stalker' and 'Some people call it stalking. I call it love!' According to the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, they play into people's fear of being laughed at. This prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at higher risk of being attacked. The shirts are sold in US and UK stores including Zazzle and North Shore.
Gianni Van, 45, is accused of the 1995 murder of Gonzalo Ramirez, whose blindfolded, bloodied body was found on the side of an Irvine, California road. Prosecutors say Van killed Ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend Norma Esparza. Esparza was arrested in 2012 when she re-entered the United States for an academic conference. She pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in an agreement with prosecutors last year and is expected to testify Thursday. Van's lawyer said his client knew nothing of the plans to kidnap or kill Ramirez but was shown
Six-storey structure collapsed 'like a pancake' in Holborn, central London. Workers fled for their lives after the fifth, fourth and third floors crashed down on to rest of building. One worker suffered head injuries and a broken arm and was taken to hospital this afternoon. Hundreds of staff at Royal Courts of Justice and London School of Economics evacuated. Incident is just yards from where underground cable fire ripped through Holborn in April. LSE students were seen evacuating the university's library and told to'stay clear'
Gavin Munro grows young trees into moulds, pruning and guiding the branches into shape. He grafts them together to form ultra-tough joints and has already created prototype pieces. The 39-year-old has a field in Derbyshire where he's currently tending a crop of 400 tables, chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year. Mr Munro, a keen environmentalist, believes the technique could one day be used to create sustainable and ecologically-sound furniture.
GMB's initiative, which launched today, is in aid of #SelfieEsteem campaign. Women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four, such is the pressure to look their very best on social media. Female stars including Nancy Dell'Olio, Josie Gibson, Jamelia and Susanna Reid have all stepped up to the plate. Male contenders include Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley.
Life Paint is a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists called Life Paint. Its invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark to alert drivers to cyclists on the road. Paint contains powder-fine particles designed to react to a car's headlights. A trial began in London bike shops on 2 April to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the product spread. Volvo said that if the paint proved a hit, the project will expand nationally and internationally The company is extremely pleased with the response and experts
One in five NSW families admit to sedating their children before a long road trip. Four in five families use technology to deal with bored children, giving them a hand held computer game, like an iPad. Another 70 per cent said they give their kids treats to sweeten the ride. The medical community claim the sedative Phenergan should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory depression can be fatal. US Food and Drug Administration found the medication was linked to 22 cases of respiratory depression in infants in 2006.
Canadian expat Lisa Webb, 34, moved to France in 2009 with her husband. She was nervous about sending her vegetable-phobic three-year-old daughter to school. Was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers. 'I was shocked because it wasn't necessarily what I wanted to eat,' she said.
Morbidly obese Rochelle Coulson suffers from sleep apnoea. 21-year-old put on 13 stone in four years by eating through 'boredom' Has not worked for five years because she says she would be a 'danger' in the workplace. Doctors have now warned her she needs to lose weight to cure her condition. But Ms Coulson says she can only do that with a state-funded support worker. She continues to claim £18,712 a year in benefits - the equivalent of a £22,000 taxable salary - which is more than a nurse's
Unnamed man was running ahead of the animal during a bullrunning event in Teulada, a small coastal town on Spain's Costa Blanca. He was knocked to the ground and tried to scramble to safety behind a set of iron bars. But the animal hit him in the legs with one of its horns, knocking him to the floor. The man was seen limping away from the scene but was not thought to be seriously hurt.
Michelle Woods was told by her daughter Elisha Mann that'something was moving' in the bath. When the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there, they came face to face with the reptile. Panicking, Ms Woods called the RSPCA, who were unable to help - so in desperation, posted an appeal on Facebook. Within an hour, a local woman who keeps snakes recognised the snake and identified it as a corn snake, a non-venomous species normally kept as a pet.
MailOnline caught up with the world's most extravagant 18 to 26-year-olds. They blew their cash in Miami, New York, Marbella and Monaco. Traveled by private jet, slept in presidential suites and on luxury yachts. 'Keep watching and enjoying. There is more to come,' they say.
University of Manchester researchers have revealed an HD dark matter map. It shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky. The goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years. Red here shows more dark matter, and blue shows less. The moon is shown top left for scale. Map should allow astronomers to study how galaxies formed in the universe.
Mike Fregoe and his family of Massapequa Park, New York built a snowman in January, when it was more than 9-feet tall. Since then, the snowman's height has fluctuated as late winter storms have continued to dump snow even into March. The Fregoes took daily trips to a local park to collect snow to add to their snowman, and even shaded him with an umbrella and applied suntan lotion to one of his twig arms. But since the beginning of April, the Frosty began shrinking and the family started a Facebook page asking
The 42-year-old mother-of-two was nominated by celebrity chef Mario Batali to take on the week-long challenge by the American Heart Association. The Goop founder will consume 1,000 calories per day for the duration of the challenge, which is aimed at raising awareness about New York's food banks.
The video was filmed in a front room in Bahama, North Carolina. Three dogs - a Husky called Sky, a Springer Spaniel called Sadie and Marshall - sing together. The trio point their noses to the sky and howl together in harmony. Eventually the owner calls for quiet and the dogs stop and look at him in surprise.
Alaska Airlines flight 448 from Seattle to Los Angeles turned back to Seattle. Pilot and passengers heard banging and screaming 14 minutes after take-off. Baggage handler was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen. Airline is investigating how the man managed to fall asleep before takeoff. Worker walked off the plane and appeared well, but taken to hospital as a precaution.
International Monetary Fund predicts UK economy will grow by 2.7% this year and 2.3% in 2016. Low oil prices are expected to help bolster steady growth in the UK, the IMF says. Comes as inflation remains at zero per cent, with food and fuel prices down sharply. David Cameron warns growth could be put at risk if Tories are not returned to power. He urged voters to'see this plan through and Britain will keep exporting'
Britain is set for another week of warm weather, with forecasters predicting temperatures could rise as high as 25C (77F) by Wednesday. The promise of more sunshine comes after Friday saw the hottest day of the year so far with 21.9C (71.4F) observed at St James's Park in London. Meanwhile the Met Office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for April, May and June of this year in its long-range forecast. But winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north Wales today, and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern England
Sharmeena Begum, 15, was raised by her uncle Shamim Miah, a devout Muslim and former religious scholar. He encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at Bethnal Green Academy in Tower Hamlets. Blames airport authorities, police and her school for letting Sharmeena flee the country last December, flying from Gatwick to Turkey before crossing the border to Syria.
Charlotte Carr and Helen Padarin have spoken out in defence of Pete Evans' baby book. 'We're really confident that the information we've got in the book is very good information,' said Charlotte Carr. Pete Evans' Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way is set to be self-published at the end of this month. The cookbook was dumped by publishers Pan Macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth.
Osborne challenged 18 times to explain how next Tory government would find cash. He said it would come from the Conservatives balanced plan for the economy. Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman said the promise was illusory and Tory spending plans represented a real threat to the health service.
Craig Stoner, 24, Darren Smalley, 35, Joshua Finbow, 23, and Simon Radford, 31, each charged with one count of sexual assault. Alleged incident took place at a military base in Shearwater, near Halifax, Nova Scotia. Canadian Forces National Investigation Service: 'This is a disturbing accusation'
David Atherton, 65, was about to put his meal in the oven when he spotted the snake. He scooped up the reptile and placed it in a plastic food recycling box before alerting police. Atherton's sister Margaret, 73, who has a phobia of snakes, was left distressed by the incident. The snake has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist since.
Marion 'Suge' Knight has been rushed to hospital for an unspecified medical emergency after a judge ruled on Thursday that he will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges. The former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in January, killing one and seriously injuring the other. On Thursday morning, Knight walked out of court after the hearing. He faces up to life in prison if convicted in the case.
Judy Murray, 55, said she would be a'very active granny' in the same way she coached her sons. She said she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis. Her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at Dunblane Cathedral. The wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town.
Shay Mitchell stars on Pretty Little Liars, but also travels the world for charity. Julie Falconer is the mastermind behind A Lady in London and her travel blog. Sylvia Matzkowiak is a German Instagrammer and traveller with 227,000 followers. Daniel Noll and Audrey Scott are professional adventurers who have been travelling since 2001.
Hobart International Airport website has been hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical Islamist group ISIS. Tasmania Police are investigating and have been monitoring activity at the airport after becoming aware of the statement about 5.30am on Sunday. Airport management has disabled the site and customers are advised to visit airline websites.
Replica of the warship that carried France's Marquis de Lafayette sets sail for the United States on Saturday. Lafayette crossed the Atlantic on the original Hermione in 1780 to tell his friend George Washington, commander of the American insurgents against British imperial rule, that France was sending a strong military force to help them. The replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the French river Charente on Saturday to the military shipyards of Rochefort, where both vessels were built. It will head for Yorktown, Virginia, where Lafayette and his forces played a critical part in a decisive battle against
The video was apparently filmed at the Green Man pub in Wembley ahead of Arsenal's FA Cup semi-final win over Reading. Footage appears to show a homophobic chant aimed at Ashley Cole. Cole left Arsenal to join London rivals Chelsea in 2006. The video has since been deleted from Twitter.
Around 100,000 West Pakistan Refugees (WPRs) live in Jammu and Kashmir, India's only Muslim-majority state. Refugees have been denied citizenship and property rights for the past 70 years. They are unable to own property or vote in state elections - meaning three generations are stuck in poverty. Hindu traditional healer Mangu Ram, 82, has lived in a slum house in the Jammu region since he fled to Kashmir aged 14. He says he is hopeful change will come after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu nationalist party won a share of power in recent state vote
Biologists at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel studied the cephlopods movement. They found that the orientation of the creature's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain. It is the first time scientists have been able to fully understand how octopuses are able to control their movements without a rigid skeleton. The findings may help scientists develop new ways for soft robots to move around.
Islamic extremists drove cars to mosque in remote village of Kwajafa in Borno state. They told locals they were there to teach Islam before opening fire on villagers. Jihadis used handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses. Attack came as new pictures showed how teenagers caught up in previous slaughters are being encouraged to draw spine-chilling pictures of the attacks as part of their therapy.
Becky Watts, 16, vanished from her father's family home in Bristol on February 19. Police discovered her body parts at a house in Barton Hill, Bristol, on March 2. Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, has been charged with her murder. His girlfriend, Shauna Hoare, 21, is accused of perverting the course of justice by lying to police. Anjie Galsworthy was also stepmother to Becky and is likely to be at her funeral. Becky's mother Tania Watts said she has endured 'hell' since her daughter's death.
Paula McKay was told her daughter Natasha had suffered brain damage. Staff failed to recognise Natasha was in distress in the womb. She was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by C-section, but staff failed to ventilate her properly, causing severe brain damage and cerebral palsy. When Ms McKay became pregnant with her second child, Patrick, she was reassured the same mistakes would not be repeated. But when Patrick was delivered at the same hospital, the same errors were made, leaving her son brain damaged and severely disabled like his older sister. Ms McKay has won a 20-year legal battle to secure £
Alex Gray, 27, lost 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months. The Atlanta-based writer used to eat up to four times a day at drive-through restaurants. He struggled with physical intimacy with women because of his size as an only child. After seeing his friend Joubert, who once had a similar frame to his, show off his fit new body at a Cinco De Mayo reunion, he became motivated to make changes.
Avoid catnapping during the day and avoid caffeine in the evening. Regular bedtime is also important as this gives the body cues to feel sleepy at set times. Eating too much junk food can adversely affect your memory. Smoking reduces oxygen that reaches the brain and has been linked to memory problems.
Bedlington lurcher Twiglet was left behaving strangely after eating the drugs. Vet Nick Fisher, 31, from Leintwardine, Shropshire, said he had a'serious hallucinogenic episode' The four-year-old dog seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils. After 45 minutes of shaking and walking into walls he seemed to be back to normal. Mr Fisher is urging dog owners to be vigilant while walking their pets in the area.
Lib Dem leader says he was better at languages and art when he was at school. He will use tomorrow's manifesto launch to promise a'stronger economy' Clegg has promised to'spread the burden' of deficit reduction with cuts to benefits and Whitehall budgets along with tax rises.
Cui Hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall after the collision. Police have ruled the tragedy an accident, although they are still investigating. The victim's husband said the Canadian tourist was running down steps on the wall. He said she was chasing someone and laughing and wanted to go between his wife and him.
Sarah Harper was in a relationship with Christopher Lane, 22, when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of Duncan in August 2013. He was born in Melbourne, Australia, but was in the United States on a baseball scholarship when 17-year-old Chancey Allen Luna allegedly murdered him. The couple had returned from a trip to Australia just two days earlier. Harper sat and listened to the forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on him, claiming that only a'miracle' would have saved the talented sportsman.
Former PM made an appearance at a low-key private fundraising dinner for 15 Labour target seats. Only one Shadow Cabinet minister, Chuka Umunna, could be bothered to attend the event. A clearly uncomfortable Blair name-checked Ed Miliband only once, devoting his speech instead to his own achievements. Bizarrely, Blair shared a stage with musician Steve Brookstein, who won the first X Factor ten years ago.
Niamh Geaney, 26, and Karen Branigan, 29, found their doppelgängers through social media. Just last month, retired priest Neil Richardson, 69, moved to Braintree, Essex, to be confronted with his doppleganger, 74-year-old John Jemison. In 2011, Devon-born journalist Sophie Robehmed launched a hunt to find her 'twin stranger' in 2011 and found Birmingham native Lauren Hatcher through a mutual friend. And in another accidental result, two university students, both based in London, got to know each
Across the country, horses, ponies and donkeys are being abandoned in record numbers. Many are left to fend for themselves or tied up on busy roadsides in the hope that someone will rescue them. Animal welfare charities are full to capacity, leaving them increasingly helpless. Last year, the RSPCA alone took in 1,500 horses, many of them former family pets. RSPCA workers are using the word 'crisis' to describe the situation.
Aerial images show intense Chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. Philippines voiced alarm about Chinese 'aggressiveness' in the area as it launched the Balikatan 2015 joint Philippines and US military exercises. President Benigno. Aquino is set to ask Southeast Asian leaders to issue a collective. statement denouncing the reclamation activities. He said recently that China's actions in the region could lead to military conflict.
Sarah, 23, appeared on the Jeremy Kyle Show to find out who her real father is. Her mother told her last year that Phil, who raised her, may not be related to her. She and her mother agreed to have a DNA test to discover the truth. Results showed Phil is not Sarah's father but they said it won't change their relationship. On discovering the truth, Phil told Jeremy he will always be a father to Sarah.
Hedione - derived from the Greek word 'hedone', for fun, pleasure, lust - has a fresh jasmine-magnolia scent. The Christian Dior fragrance, Eau Savage, was the first to use it in 1966. It has since found its way into other fragrances such as Chamade by Guerlain, CKOne and Chanel no. 19. Scientists analysed brain activity when a person smelled Hedione to find out how it changed their emotions and behaviour.
Melanie and Vanessa Iris Roy decided to each carry a child one year apart. They took photos at each stage of their respective pregnancies, recording when their first child, a son Jax, was born followed by their daughter Ero, a year later. The couple then uploaded the images to Instagram and they quickly went viral - their young family becoming an unexpected internet sensation almost overnight.
Nick Woodman was granted 4.5 million restricted stock units - valued at $284.5m - at the end of the year. It won him the top spot on the annual Bloomberg Pay Index. Slumping to second place, Chenerie Energy's chief executive Charif Souki was worth $281m. Woodman's net worth is now estimated to be more than $2.3 billion, according to Forbes.
Family-of-six crammed onto one motorbike before riding through streets without helmets. They were spotted in San Miguel de Tucuman in Argentina's north-western province of Tucuman. A man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while children sat on petrol tank. It comes just weeks after a similar pictured emerged of a family of seven riding on the same bike.
Elizabeth Jane Howard collected Greek, Egyptian and Roman jewellery during her lifetime. The Cazalet Chronicles author, who died in 2014 aged 90, had a passion for history of a more ancient kind. Her collection is to go under the hammer at Bonhams auction house in London on Thursday. Expected to fetch up to £20,000 for nine lots, including pieces up to 3,500 years old.
Booking platform ByHours.com allows users to organise stays of three, six and 12 hours. Has already signed up 25 hotels in London, including H10 Waterloo, The Kingsway Hall Hotel, Yotel Heathrow and Gatwick, Crowne Plaza London - The City, Academy Hotel, and Threadneedles, Marriott Autograph Collection. Company's objective is to acquire more hotels in the next few months.
Justin D. Smith, 18, and Efrain Diaz, 20, have been charged with murder and robbery in the robbery and murder of University of Kentucky junior Jonathan Krueger. Krueger, a junior in the College of Communication and Information, was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. Friday in Lexington, Kentucky. He was the photo editor for the UK campus newspaper, the Kentucky Kernel. University President Eli Capilouto sent a note to students and staff Friday morning calling the killing 'incomprehensible' Preliminary hearings are scheduled May 7.
John Helinski, 62, spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of Tampa Bay. He then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter, but all of his ID had been stolen. A cop and his case manager then looked into his past and found his social security number. They also found an old, forgotten bank account with enough money and benefits to buy a house. Helinski is now looking for a small apartment.
'It's a relief to get going again and try to get back to normal,' said Kevin O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza. O'Connor closed the shop for eight days after comments by him and his daughter, Crystal, to a local television station supporting a new religious objections law. A crowdfunding campaign started by supporters raised more than $842,000 with donations from 29,160 contributors in 48 hours. The 61-year-old father of eight who has owned the restaurant for nine years said he never thought about taking the money and retiring.
Naomi Jacobs was 32 when she woke up one morning with Transient Global Amnesia, a form of memory loss brought on by stress. The last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed as a schoolgirl, dreaming about a boy she had a crush on. She thought it was 1992, John Major was prime minister and she was about to sit her GCSEs. Miss Jacobs is now set to detail how she pieced her life back together in a new book.
Recorder Philip Cattan, 65, from Cheshire was seen to fall asleep during the rape trial of John Quingley at Manchester Crown Court last summer. While the jury was out of the room, the judge was confronted with the claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness, who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age. The cost of the abandoned trial and retrial is believed to have cost the taxpayer £10,000.
Kyli Wolfson, now 29, was 26 when she woke up in excruciating stomach pain in October 2012. Doctors initially thought she had acute pancreatitis, a condition that commonly affects heavy drinkers. Three months later, she was finally diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis. The illness left her unable to eat for a year and a half, and her weight dropped from 110lbs to 80lbs. She underwent risky surgery to remove her pancreas, spleen, gallbladder, appendix, and duodenum, which allowed her to eat again.
Photo was taken in Kanagawa prefecture, Japan - 'nearby some samurai tombs' A pair of black boots are clearly seen behind the little girl - even though her photographer father does not recall a person standing there at the time. Reddit user who posted the image online suggested they could be samurai boots - although others are not so sure. Some users suggested it was likely an optical illusion - a trick of the light - or the presence of a real-life human being. Last month, a chilling image emerged on the 'Toowoomba Ghost Chasers' Facebook past,
A kestrel and a barn owl were caught on camera fighting over a nesting box. The birds of prey repeatedly lunged at each other with sharp talons and beaks. Despite the owl's cuddly reputation, it came out the victor in the fight. Wildlife photographer Robert Fuller set up the camera in his garden in Thixendale, Yorkshire.
Alice Dreger took to Twitter to vent her anger at East Lansing High School, Michigan, after her son asked her to sit in on a sex education class earlier this week. The respected professor sent out 45 tweets about the lesson, which was filled with horror stories about pre-marital sex. Ms Dreger also complained of the teacher's incorrect information being given to the students, who are freshmen in high school. But the school has denied it only teaches abstinence, saying it just happened to be that day's lesson.
A cloud formation resembling the Wi-Fi symbol appeared in Xiangtan city in Hunan Province. Shi Chao, a student at the Hunan University of Science and Technology, saw the cloud on his way from to the library last Friday. Chinese internet users have since shared and commented on Shi's photo thousands of times on Chinese social media.
Asabi Barner, 37, is suing Black Ink tattoo parlor in Harlem, New York City for a chest tattoo that left her scarred. Barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on VH1. She left the shop with a 'phenomenal' new chest tattoo of fruits and vegetables to represent her career in the culinary industry. But the next day she was still in pain and then noticed that the tattoo started to puss and ooze in the area around her left breast.
Michelle Knight appeared at the Cleveland Rape Crisis Center's Faces of Change Luncheon on Wednesday. She said her healing process has been 'to overcome and flourish and rise above' the abuse she suffered at the hands of Ariel Castro. While signing copies of her book, Finding Me: A Decade of Darkness, a Life Reclaimed, after the event, she revealed to readers that she does has a boyfriend. The luncheon raised a record $254,000 for the center, which counsels rape survivors. One in every five Ohio women has been raped.
Photos taken between 1900 and 1911 during the Qing dynasty show Beijing's famous landmarks with barely any visitors. Quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day Beijing, which is visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists every year. Some of the attractions featured in these 100-year-old photos are now Unesco World Heritage Sites.
Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown present online science show AsapSCIENCE. They discuss how being the first, middle, youngest, or an only child affects us. Personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were. The pair highlight that these are just theories relating to order of birth.
Thousands of silver fish have died in Rodrigo de Freitas lake in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Rio's waste management company said 37 tons of fish have been removed from the water. But there is still an overwhelming stench coming from the lake, sparking complaints. Authorities and biologists have argued about the cause of the deaths of the twaite shad. The lake is set to host the Olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year's Games.
Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) affects one in 100 expectant mothers in the UK. It causes constant vomiting, crippling weakness and dehydration. Children exposed to HG had a 3.28-fold increased risk of neurodevelopmental delays. Study looked at 312 children born to 203 mothers with HG between 2007 and 2011. More than 1,000 women with severe morning sickness have an abortion each year.
Veronica 'Roni' Gonzalez and her fiance Ely Alba Gonzalez were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on Interstate 30 to help a group in trouble. Four were killed instantly in the collision. Of the 13 people injured, one later died in hospital from their wounds. Two young children travelling with them survived the incident.
The cougar, known as P-22, has been living in crawl space in Los Feliz since Monday. Workers discovered the big cat as they were trying to install security system. Ten hours later, he was still refusing to move - despite being poked with a prod. Rescue workers have fired tennis balls, beanbags and beanbags at him to get him to move. P-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of Hollywood sign in 2013.
Flakka is a synthetic version of the stimulant cathinone. It can be injected, snorted, smoked, swallowed or taken with other drugs. Once ingested, the drug causes a feeling of euphoria, hallucinations and sometimes psychosis or apparent superhuman strength. Users have nicknamed the drug '$5 insanity' because hits often cost less than $10.
Photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public, drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles. Some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the Stars and Stripes. Young people represent the largest societal bloc in Iran, with over 63 per cent of Iran's population of 73 million people aged under 30. They represent one of the greatest long-term threats to the current form of theocratic rule.
Andrés Iniesta posted on Twitter to spread the news that his vineyard can be rented out. The 'Bodega Iniesta' vineyard he owns in Castilla-La Mancha can be booked for ¬125 (£90) a night. There is one bathroom and one bedroom at the property, with other facilities including a kitchen, an indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi and parking. Guests are advised of the surrounding area so they can explore for themselves.
Shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window. He greets customers or curious visitors who have travelled from afar. One YouTube video showing his customer service skills has more than two million views. Shiba is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber under counter.
The eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for Netflix customers internationally. 'Our Planet' is being produced by U.K.-based Silverback Films in collaboration with World Wildlife Fund, an independent conservation group. Filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forests.
Michelle, 27, unveils summer range for Lipsy. Shows off summer dresses embellished with lace and feminine florals to perfection in new shoot. Says ultimate beauty secrets are drinking lots of water and taking make-up off before bed. Also swears by LVL eyelash 'flicking' treatments.
Maurice Van Ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences, including persistent sexual abuse of a child. One of his victims told Sydney's District Court on Monday that she is scared for her future relationships. The young woman, who cannot be named, said when he abused her as a child she didn't know it was wrong. Van Ryn sat calmly in the dock and did not look at the young woman as she told the court about the impact his abuse has had on her.
Surveys that surveyed personnel found'major misconceptions' within special operations about whether women should be brought into the male-only jobs. They also revealed concerns that department leaders would 'capitulate to political pressure, allowing erosion of training standards' The studies are part of the Pentagon's effort to open all military combat positions to women or provide reasons why any jobs should remain closed.
Jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface, causing an explosion of material. But it is unusual, because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night, like this. The two images were taken by the Osiris camera on the Rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles (75km) As the comet gets closer to the sun, its surface gets warmer, causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface.
Diane James praised Putin as a'very strong leader' who has 'put Russia first' Ukip's Justice Spokesman also applauded Mr Putin's nationalist credentials. She argued he was forced into invading Ukraine because of the European Union. Nigel Farage sparked row last year when he hailed Russian President as 'brilliant operator' Comments followed annexation of Crimea and the shooting down of MH17.
A 2-year-old boy ran in front of a van in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on Sunday evening and struck and killed the child. The driver of the van remained at the scene and was shot in the head by an unidentified gunman. Archie Brown Jr, a father-of-four, was shot dead and a 15 year old boy was also shot and later died. Police say no suspects have been brought into custody. However a local alderman suggested that the shooting may have been carried out in revenge for the child's death.
More than 730,285 Reddit users have pressed The Button since April Fool's Day. When The Button is clicked, the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it. Only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click The Button and when they do they are awarded a colour, known as a 'flair' This colour represents the time period at which they clicked The Button, ranging from zero up to 60 seconds. Users are tweeting their views about The Button with one saying: 'I am becoming obsessed
Anti-Hillary Clinton street art appeared in Brooklyn just hours before Clinton's presidential candidacy announcement on Sunday. The signs feature portraits of Clinton with phrases including 'Dont Say Secretive', 'Don't Say Entitled' and 'Dont Say Ambitious' The street art appears to be a dig at a group of Clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the Democratic politician.
Four-month-old Roscoe was caught on camera this week at the Asheville Humane Society in North Carolina taking some of his first steps. Footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes. The rescue pup was born with a deformity which caused his front to legs to be bent backwards at the knees. Thanks to more than $3,000 in public donations, the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed.
Retired Lt Col Richard 'Dick' Cole, 99, gave the medal to the museum's director in a ceremony at the museum attended by military and political officials and relatives of the original 80 Raiders. The medal, awarded by Congress earlier in the week, arrived in a ceremonial B-25 flight. Three Raiders have died since their 70th anniversary reunion in Ohio, two of them this year.
David King, 70, from Newham, east London, retired to Normandy 15 years ago. His body was found by sniffer dogs last week in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, Caen. An unnamed 28-year-old Frenchman has been charged with his murder. Alleged killer was living rough in the area, and is thought to have been behind thefts. Prosecutor says Mr King may well have confronted him over stolen vegetables.
Robert Charles Bates, 73, 'accidentally' shot dead Eric Courtney Harris, 44, it is claimed. Harris was allegedly trying to buy drugs and a gun from undercover officers. Bates, a former full-time officer, 'pulled out his service weapon instead of stun gun' Reserve deputy has been a police reserve since 2008.
Helen Flanagan, 24, has completely changed her style for the birth of her first child. Danielle Lloyd, Holly Willoughby and Angelina Jolie all modified their maternity wardrobes. Kate Middleton is the queen of the buttoned-up maternity look. Gwen Stefani and Fearne Cotton rock a rock-glamorous 'n' roll look.
Anna, one, and Indi, six, have been surfing off the coast of Queensland, Australia. The border collies use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten. Owners Zane Jones, 32, and Caitlin Ollier, 26, have owned the dogs since they were puppies. Indi has been trained to lift her paw to 'hang five' which is her trade mark.
Drunken group of yobs sung and swore on flight from Glasgow to Alicante last week. Witnesses said the group drank heavily and abused fellow passengers and airline staff. One man was escorted off the plane by Spanish police when it landed in Spain. Mobile phone footage shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with the group. The men were travelling to the Spanish holiday resort of Benidorm for a stag party.
Anna Broom, 33, from Gillingham, in Kent, has not worked since the age of 19. She has claimed more than £100,000 in benefits during that time, including £460 a month. Miss Broom wants government to loan her £10,000 for 'fairy-tale church wedding' She also wants £2,000 to fund a honeymoon in Mexico, paid for by the taxpayer. Says it is her 'basic human right' to be a bride and says it would boost her confidence. Wants to arrive at her wedding in horse and
Dale Cregan, 31, on hunger strike for second time in bid to be moved to secure psychiatric hospital. Jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012. Caught smuggling mobile phone and cannabis into prison cell a month ago, sources say. Hoping to be transferred from Category A prison to high-security psychiatric unit in Maghull.
James May said Top Gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to Sue Perkins should 'do the world a much bigger favour by killing themselves' But he quickly backtracked, saying: 'I don't actually want people to kill themselves but, really, we don't want them as fans' Sue Perkins became a favourite to replace Jeremy Clarkson after a flurry of bets. She recently announced she was leaving Twitter as a result of the horrific abuse.
Ruslan Bazarov, 28, was taking part in the first 100km ride of the season. He was overtaking a truck on the St Petersburg ring road when the incident happened. Bazarov made a hand signal to indicate that he was moving into the right hand lane. The truck continued along the road for 100 metres before coming to a halt on the hard shoulder. Video has since gone viral on the internet prompting calls for better cycle routes.
Average pet spends 21 hours a week watching TV, according to a new study. Owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals. Two-thirds of goldfish owners even admit to putting the tank in sight of the TV. A micro pig owner lets their pet watch 28 hours of TV a week. Paul O'Grady's show 'For the Love of Dogs' is favourite of pets. Keeping up With The Kardashians is the least favourite show.
13th century castle in the Dordogne, France has gone on the market for £703,400. The 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and its own suit of armour. Property is only 15 minutes from the local airport which has direct flights to London.
David Potchen, 53, robbed a bank in Merrillville, Indiana, last June. He stole $1,000 with a note on the back of his resume and sat on the curb outside and waited for police. The convicted felon had served 12 and a half years in prison for a 2000 bank robbery. Potchen had lost his job, lost his place to stay and spent a night in the woods before deciding to rob a bank so he could go back to prison for food and shelter. Now he has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family
Finnish researchers compared weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year olds with records on antibiotic prescription. By two years-old, one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese. Children who had taken antibiotics as babies were particularly likely to be overweight. Boys seemed particularly prone weight gain after being given antibiotics.
Around 50 obese pupils at Jianxin Primary School, eastern China, are taking part. One 11-year-old pupil at the school, which has 800 pupils, weighs in at 180lbs. Teachers have been told to keep an eye on their students' weights and inform parents if they start to pile on the pounds. The classes are named after the Dreamworks film of the same name, in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master.
Prince William will take full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born. The future king, 32, became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary PAYE employee when he became a pilot for East Anglian Air Ambulance. He plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby, just like he did when his son, Prince George, was born in 2013.
Intruder was carrying a suspicious package that was 'deemed to be harmless' It is the latest in a string of embarrassing security breaches to hit the US capital. Last week an illicit gyrocopter landed on the west lawn of the US Capitol. A knife-wielding man managed to scale the fence on the north side last September.
KIND bars are the fastest-growing nutrition bar in the U.S. with sales topping $100 million. But the FDA has ruled that a number of flavors were labeled 'healthy' But upon closer inspection, it was found that 'none of the products met the requirements to make such content claims' and were in fact'misbranded' One KIND bar - not included in the FDA investigation - contains more calories, fat and sodium than a Snickers bar.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to the US Capitol on Wednesday. The pilot, Florida postal worker Doug Hughes, was interviewed by the Secret Service almost two years ago. Johnson said his first reaction on hearing of the incident was to ask, 'What's a gyrocopter?' The tiny, open-air aircraft landed without injuries to anyone, but the incident raises questions about how someone could be allowed to fly all the way from Pennsylvania, right up to the Capitol. Hughes
Labour predicted Coalition's austerity programme would see unemployment and crime soar. But in each case, the opposite has happened - and Miliband was challenged over whether this called into question the judgment of him and his team. Labour leader rejected a string of statistics read out by Evan Davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved  saying these facts were not what voters were talking about. Refused to say how much Labour would be borrowing by the end of the next Parliament.
Patrick and Valerie Jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property. They bought the property in Jimena de la Frontera, southern Spain, in 2008. The couple closed the bed and breakfast a year ago as they moved forward with plans to sell it. But the town hall ruled that the first floor, kitchen and pool were illegally built by previous owners. Patrick, 64, said: 'All our money is tied up in the property. We are in absolute pieces over this'
Users of Reddit's Find Boston Bombers thread took to site in wake of 2013 attack. Took to thread, which had been set up by Chris Ryves, to hunt for suspect or suspects. But in days after attack, users hurled false accusations at spectators wearing backpacks. Their claims led to 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi being wrongly identified as bomber. Now, Ryves has told of his regrets about thread in new documentary, The Thread. Documentary, released on iTunes on Monday, looks at impact of social media on journalism. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was
Neil Killham, 32-year-old software engineer from Manchester, whipped up his own version. He posted a picture of his creation on Twitter with the caption: 'It's finally time. I'm making The Trifle Out Of Friends' The trifle looked respectable - until he cut into it - and was 'f****** horrible' Friends character Rachel Green mistakenly thought she was making a traditional English trifle.
BMW Mini has produced concept smart specs to give drivers super-human powers. The Augmented Vision goggles will go on show at the Auto Shanghai show. They generate screens showing information that only the wearer can see. Goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads, as well as show speed limits and even point out local landmarks. Information such as speed and speed limits are shown on the heads-up display so the data is in the drivers primary field of view and they dont have to take their eyes off the road. An icon
Robert F Kennedy Jr spoke at a screening of Trace Amounts, a documentary about the link between vaccines and autism. The documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in some vaccines - and autism, though the scientific community has dismissed the theory. Kennedy is currently trying to stop a bill in California that would make childhood immunizations mandatory.
Asif Malik, 31, his partner Sara Kiran, 29, and their four children arrested in Turkey. Family of six have been missing from their home in Slough, Berkshire, since April 7. They were last seen boarding a ferry from Dover to Calais on April 8. Police believe they arrived in France before travelling down through Europe to get to Syria. Pictures released by Turkish government show couple pushing prams for their children. Earlier today, Mail revealed Malik was pictured waving a flag in support of ISIS at a London protest last year.
Kym Ackerman, 32, saw the son of God in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in Flagstaff on March 25. The dentist didn't find any cavities and Ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth, and especially that holy molar, healthy.
Jeremy Clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the BBC. Top Gear Live shows can go ahead 'in good spirit' so fans will not be disappointed. BBC Worldwide feared Clarkson would vent anger at sacking during live shows. But the shows have been rebranded from Top Gear Live to Clarkson, Hammond and May Live. They will not feature any Top Gear branding or show footage from the programmes.
The world's joint third-largest cruise ship, the Anthem of the Seas, has just arrived in Southampton, UK. The ship's naming ceremony will take place on April 20 at the 101 at Southampton Docks, which is its home port for the summer season. 80,000 guests are expected to holiday on board this summer. Passengers will experience robotic bartenders, have the opportunity to hone their circus skills and even go on a virtual sky dive.
U.S. envoy Mark Lippert said if North Korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program, it will be rewarded with prosperity. The North's Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of Korea said his remarks were proof that Washington was intent on hostility. 'Lippert needs to drop the bad habit of rashly engaging in scheming chatter distorting the truth and instigating war by taking issue with us,' the committee said.
Spain's Queen Letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in Barcelona. The 42-year-old wore a white tailored suit with a blush-coloured silk top and woven clutch. She was at the science museum, CosmoCaixa, to open the second congress for the cause. Letizia delivered a speech and posed for selfies with schoolchildren and fans.
Almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction. Yet many Britons are unaware of the seriousness of the condition, says the study by charity Allergy UK. Two-thirds also don't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save the lives of those suffering a severe allergic reaction.
Tom Moffatt, 27, from Tameside, was meant to ink 'Riley' into his left arm. But instead of the letter 'L', he started needling the letter P - and had to'scribble' over it. Also attempted to mark himself with son's nickname 'Sonny Boy' - but scratched 'Sony Boy' instead. NHS worker was drunk at the time and said he now considers inkwork a 'nightmare' He has just endured second laser removal session to get rid of botched needlework.
27-year-old Demetri Nelson still had his victim's keys in his pocket when he was arrested Tuesday, several hours after the kidnapping attempt. Deputies said Nelson broke into a 53-year old woman's home and demanded money. He then told her to get into the trunk of the car. Nelson couldn't drive the car because of the manual transmission, however, and the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape.
Sally Jones, 45, fled Chatham, Kent, with 10-year-old son to join ISIS militants in Syria. She is believed to have set up home in Raqqa with toyboy husband Junaid Hussain, 20. Mother-of-two was once lead guitarist in an all-girl punk band called Krunch in the 1990s. Video has now emerged showing her leading women fighters in hate-filled chanting session. Experts say it is first'real evidence' that she is involved with brigade at 'high level'
Ellie Marshall, 10, and Taylor Biggin, five, came up with the idea in memory of their brother Harvey. They decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at Sheffield Children's Hospital where he was cared for. Once the family, from Furness Vale, Derbyshire, posted on Facebook, kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000.
Alaa Abdullah Esayed posted 45,600 tweets supporting ISIS in less than a year. The 22-year-old posted 127 messages a day to her 8,534 followers on Twitter and Instagram. She admitted encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications. Esayed could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences at the Old Bailey.
Mitzi Neyens, 77, was the last link in a chain of 34 kidney transplants. Neyen received a kidney March 26 thanks to her husband Bill's donation. Eight surgeons in four states linked five hospitals through transplants on the day of Neyen's transplant. The chain began in September when a Minneapolis attorney Kathy Hart gave a kidney without having a loved one in need. A kidney was flown 368 miles to New Jersey then picked up by a courier and driven to New York City.
A 'blob' of warm water 2,000 miles across is sitting in the Pacific Ocean. Since last June it has extended from Alaska to Mexico. It has been present since 2013 and causing fish to seek shelter elsewhere. And a new University of Washington study says it could be responsible for droughts. California's drought is one of the worst on record, while the East coast of the US has seen unusually cold temperatures.
Witness Robert Kushner lost his varsity coaching job at the Jack M. Barrack Hebrew Academy after testifying this week about his years selling marijuana. Kushner, 32, is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing. He told jurors Tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest.
Andre Cole, 52, became the third convicted killer put to death this year in Missouri. His fate was sealed after the U.S. Supreme Court turned down several appeals, including one claiming Cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution. Cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on Tuesday at the Eastern Reception, Diagnostic and Correctional Center in Bonne Terre, Missouri.
Al Qaida fighters clashed with members of one of Yemen's largest brigades outside Mukalla. The militants then seized control of the Riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city's main sea port, which is also an oil terminal. Came amid wider chaos between Shiite rebels against forces loyal to the exiled president and a Saudi-led air campaign.
Hamdi Ulukaya was once a Turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the U.S. food industry. His American-born ex, Dr. Ayse Giray, sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality. On April 10, after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by Giray's camp that the parties were no where near an agreement, Ulukaya settled for an unknown sum. The settlement came just before Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Saliann Scarpulla was due to rule on whether Giray
Documentary claims up to 11,000 organs are being harvested from political prisoners. Some patients were still alive as they were secretly burned in hospital boiler rooms. Harrowing details revealed in SBS Dateline documentary Human Harvest: China's Organ Trafficking. Human rights lawyer David Matas claims people are being killed for the organs in China. It has been claimed the banned religious group, the Falun Gong, is a key target. Chinese officials have denied the allegations, saying organs are taken from volunteers.
David King, 70, had not been seen for six months in picturesque hamlet of Pierres, in the Calvados department, south west of Caen. He went to tea with friends living close to his home, and is thought to have got into an argument with one, aged 28. On Wednesday police sniffer dogs were taken to Mr King's hamlet, and found his corpse at the bottom of the 12ft well.
New Zealand photographer Amos Chapple travelled the world during the 18 months between 2012 and 2014 with a quadcopter in his backpack. Authorities across the world have introduced tough new regulations to stop the use of drones for photography. Privacy concerns, commercial rights and worries about property damage are among the reasons.
Karine Cyr recorded the confrontation on Sunday as she was vacationing with her husband Alexandre Hermenier and their two children. Manuel Delisle, the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw, has pleaded not guilty to armed assault. After the video was posted at 7pm on Sunday night to Facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views. Cyr said that Delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband followed the driver to record his license plate number.
Winnie Harlow suffers from vitiligo, the same rare skin condition that Michael Jackson was diagnosed with. The 19-year-old model was one of the contestants on Tyra Banks' reality series America's Next Top Model, while Shaun appeared on her talk show in 2009.
Roger Byng, 67, captured the action-packed photographs on the Wetlands surrounding the Severn estuary in Slimbridge, Gloucester. The retired security installer described how the fox came so close to what surely would be a grand catch for an animal that is roughly the same size as its prey. The fox came away with a single feather, whilst the goose escaped with a squawk!'
Stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the'relentless' 24-hour news networks anymore. 'Watching these channels all day is incredibly depressing. I think of us as turd miners. I put on my helmet, I go and mine turds, hopefully I don't get turd lung disease,' he said. Stewart also confessed that his'moments of dissatisfaction' with the show had started to become more frequent. Comedy Central announced last month that comedian and The Daily Show correspondent Trevor Noah would be taking over.
Doctor John Parker was taken to Westmead Hospital in Sydney's west about midday on Saturday. NSW Health has confirmed Dr Parker does not have Ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage. The humanitarian doctor had been working at an Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone since November. Dr Parker's employer, Aspen Medical confirmed that he has 'followed protocol and notified authorities as a precaution'
There is an insufficient supply of whooping cough vaccine in Australia, according to Queensland Health. Medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies, children and pregnant women. It comes less than a month after the death of 32-day-old baby Riley Hughes who died after contracting the disease. His parents Catherine and Greg are now leading a campaign, urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths. 'Heartbreaking to watch 4 week old Riley struggle,' Catherine Hughes wrote as she urged people to get themselves immunised.
Ukip leader called on Conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats they cannot win. He said he wants an EU referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation. Farage dropped his demand that Tories ditch Cameron before any post election deal. Revealed he has already held informal discussions with Tories about post-election arrangements.
Rihanna left her bra at home when she went to a restaurant in Santa Monica. She is one of a growing number of celebrities who are ditching their lingerie. Rita Ora and Nicole Scherzinger both left their bras at home at A-list parties. Rod Stewart's daughter Ruby opted for a partially unbuttoned shirt with no bra.
Becky Handley, 20, discovered her father Raymond Handley's grisly crimes online. He sexually assaulted a girl, eight, twice before threatening to kill her mother. Paedophile, 62, was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at Birmingham Crown Court. Miss Handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term. She was kept from seeing her father as a child and has vowed to change her name.
Nathan Priestley, 21, from Norwich, Norfolk, was once dubbed Jabba the Hutt by bullies. He became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year. Was 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills, but survived, ironically, because he hadnt taken enough to defeat his massive frame. Following his suicide attempt in September 2011, something snapped in Nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around. Within two years, he had shrunk to 14 stone.
Judge Olu Stevens was sentencing Gregory Wallace to five years' probation after he and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, robbed Tommy and Jordan Gray's Louisville home in April 2013. Police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple's three-year-old before making off with $1,100 in cash, a cell phone, wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple. In victim impact statement's prepared for the sentencing of Wallace, the couple called for him to be sent to prison. Jordan wrote that her daughter was still 'in constant fear of black men'
Hillary Rodham Clinton is the Democratic front-runner in the 2016 presidential race and is campaigning in New Hampshire this week. 'Hopefully we'll get on to the issues,' she told reporters in the liberal bastion of Keene. She dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from Republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the presidential contest. Republicans have spent months talking about financial dealings of the Clinton Foundation to raise questions about Hillary Clinton's character. The foundation has come under scrutiny for accepting foreign contributions, including from Middle Eastern nations that deny equal rights for women.
Llallawavis scagliai was a flightless carnivorous bird that lived 3.5 million years ago. It was found in a cliff on a beach south of Mar del Plata city in Argentina. Scientists used 3D scanning of the long skull to examine its hearing ability. They found it had an average hearing range of around 3,800Hz and a sensitivity of 2,300Hz. This suggests it would have been better at detecting lower frequency sounds than humans. The bird would have had powerful jaws but limited hearing.
Heart patients who expressed gratitude had better mental and physical health. Study involved men and women with Stage B heart failure. More gratitude was associated with better mood, better sleep and less fatigue. Patients who were more grateful had lower levels of inflammation, which can worsen heart disease. University of California researchers asked patients to write three things they were thankful for.
The I'm UP Alarm can be set to go off the night before and will make a noise until a code is scanned. The app uses a Quick Response code, or QR code, which is a form of barcode that the cameras of mobile phones are able to detect. When the alarm goes off, the only way to get it to stop making a noise is to get out of bed and scan the code. Mugs and magnets with the code can also be printed onto coffee cups so users can turn off the alarm while making their morning drink.
Microsoft is running the scheme with support from Specialisterne. Announcement was made on the company's official blog by Mary Ellen Smith. Ms Smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called Shawn. The pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in Microsoft's Redmond offices in Washington. If successful, the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide.
Harold Henthorn, 59, was charged with the murder of second wife Toni Bertolet, 51, last November. Police have since reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife, Lynn Rishell, some 20 years earlier. Both women died in 'freak accidents' to which he was the sole witness. Henthorn was sole beneficiary of their life insurance policies totalling $500,000 and $4.5million. He is now fighting for a $1.5m pay out from the policy taken out in July 2001 on the grounds that he
Patsy Kensit says the Duchess of Cambridge is a modern-day suffragette. 'She's so fabulous on every level. She repeats outfits, which is brilliant,' says the 47-year-old actress. This is the first time that the Duchess has been hailed as a feminist icon.
Uno, a three-week-old kitten, and Louie, a full-grown Dalmatian, were pictured together in Spokane, Washington, earlier this month. The Pogue family, who adopted Uno at the same time as Louie, say their dog has a great track record with kittens.
Mario Valencia took a rifle from a Walmart in Tuscon, Arizona on February 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left. This after he demanded bullets from a woman inside the store guarding the ammunition case. Police were even told the gun was locked by employees at the store as they pursued Valencia, but just seconds later he began firing into the air. He was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle. Valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree. Walmart meanwhile claims the rifle had been properly locked, and that it may have been affected
Up to 150 protesters gathered in Brisbane on Saturday afternoon to protest slogans on Wicked Campervans. The slogans include 'In every princess, there's a little sl*t who wants to try it just once' and 'A wife: An attachment you screw on the bed to get the housework done' Wicked Pickets, a community action group, have started painting over slogans which they say are offensive. Last year over 120,000 people signed a petition to have the slogans removed from the vans. CEO John Webb invited 'anybody who feels strongly offended by a slogan to either paint
William Smith died four months after his mother Alison Overton lost her battle with cancer. The 14-year-old wore her favourite bandana and sprayed her perfume around the house. Inquest heard he had'settled back in well' at school following his mother's death. On the day of his death he asked his grandmother to bring him chicken nuggets as a treat. He was discovered by his grandmother, Susan Overton, who thought he was'messing about' Coroner Paul Kelly recorded a verdict of misadventure at an inquest into his death.
Heavyweights Balla Gaye 2 and Eumeu Sene competed in the crunch match dubbed 'Le Choc' at Demba Diop Stadium in Dakar. After a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun, the burly Sene emerged victorious. Wrestling with strikes allows punches to the face or head and can end with a knockout blow and lasts between ten seconds and four minutes.
1.02million men in the UK have opted to work reduced hours compared to 4.58million women. It follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers, with latest figures showing a 6 per cent annual rise. Men make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time.
John Potter, from Savannah, has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog. He then passed on the image on to the Georgia Historical Society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship's history even though it was never authenticated. In 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame.
Three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools. Labour, Ukip and the Green Party added their support as they unveiled their Election manifestos. It means the Conservatives are the only major party not to make the same pledge. Shadow Health Secretary Andy Burnham said the issue was close to his heart
More than 100,000 people in Washington, Oregon and California are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of Japan. Seventy-seven percent of the communities lying in the risk zone are equipped with the kind of geography and location to allow them the 15 to 25 minutes required for successful evacuation after a large-magnitude earthquake. And some communities can increase their chance of survival simply by walking faster.
Qantas have slipped to an on time ranking of 75 out of 80 airlines that use Heathrow airport. The Australian airline could be fined AU$38,336 for every time they set down more than 15 minutes late. A Qantas spokesperson said air congestion at Heathrow and Dubai were to blame for the late arrivals.
Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 50, wore a feathered hat topped with large, dark plumes. Princess Beatrice, 26, the elder daughter of the Duke of York and Sarah Ferguson, opted for an unusual blue creation. With them was Autumn Phillips, 36, wife of the Queens grandson Peter Phillips. Lady Louise Windsor, the countess 11-year-old daughter, made up the four royal ladies. Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, who are expecting their second child later this month, were absent.
Former Prime Minister says he is 'absolutely not' in 'the league of the super-rich' Claims he has 'done British' and is now more interested in working at a 'global level' Insists he earns millions a year from his consultancy roles and charges fees of £250,000 for speaking. Blair has suggested he is worth less than £20million, though he and his family own property worth at least £30million.
Bryan Morseman, 29, of Bath, New York, ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for his son Leeim's medical bills. Leeim was born with spina bifida, a congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby's spine doesn't form properly. Morseman has won 23 of the 42 26.2-mile races he has participated in.
Police have identified 25 people who claim Labour peer attacked them. One man has instructed lawyers to sue him and Leicestershire County Council. Solicitor Peter Garsden says suing'may be the only way victims will get justice' Lord Janner's family has said he is 'entirely innocent of any wrongdoing' CPS last week said there was enough evidence to charge him with 22 offences. But it said he would not be prosecuted because of his dementia.
The 32-year-old Cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma. He was charged with administering a dangerous drug to a minor and was refused access to his sick daughter. The little girl has an 11cm cancerous growth which is putting pressure on her internal organs. Her mother, who is estranged from the father, does not agree with his actions and the method of treatment he chose to use on their daughter.
The Obamas paid more than $93,000 in federal taxes last year on an adjusted gross income of $477,000. Their effective tax rate was 19.6 percent, the returns show. They donated nearly 15 percent of their income to 33 different charities. The largest was a $22,012 donation to the Fisher House Foundation, which supports military families.
Shae-Lee Shackleford, 28, Lana Kington, 25, and Madison Lloyd, 27, were interview on The Ellen Show. The sketch comedy trio were struggling to make ends meet a year ago when they came up with the idea of miming to music in their car. In March, their parody of Bohemian Rhapsody went viral, racking up millions of hits on YouTube and attracting the attention of Queen guitarist Brian May. SketchShe's videos have so far been viewed 260 million times across social media. Their second hit video also features them dresses in Sixties
Alexandra Harra, 28, has been dubbed 'The Romanian Kim Kardashian' She has a BA degree in creative writing and classics and works as a life coach. Her derriere measures 43 inches, while Kardashian's is just 40 inches. She recently dyed her hair black to make her look more like the reality star.
Stroke patients with damage to the right sagittal stratum in the right hemisphere of the brain were far poorer at detecting sarcasm when listening to sentences, according to the new research. This is a bundle of white matter that lies between the cerebral cortex and subcortical structures in the brain. Researchers claim that being exposed to sarcasm required more cognitive complexity, or the ability to see things from more than one angle. Those that did not have damage to that structure were able to identify 50% of sarcastic comments.
Melissa Borg has been missing from her home in north-west Sydney since last Thursday. The 13-year-old left home at 7:30am and made her way to The Hills Sports High School in Seven Hills. However, the Year 9 student never made it to class and her father reported her missing to police. Police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance, however they have so far been unable to find the child.
Marine Le Pen has blocked her father Jean-Marie's return to National Front party. Accused him of sabotaging efforts to move into political mainstream with controversial comments. He defended his previous comments describing Nazi gas chambers as a 'detail of history' Ms Le Pen already distanced herself from her father last. June after a quip about a French Jewish singer that included an implied reference to concentration camp ovens.
Eyeko London's new Bespoke Mascara comes in dozens of brush shapes. Harvey Nichols' Beauty Concierge is a personal shopping service for make-up. Jennifer Young offers customised moisturisers, serums, cleansers and toners.
Planes were all bound for Heathrow at the weekend. Medical emergency and two technical issues meant delays for hundreds of passengers. London-bound plane from Baku, Azerbaijan to London was forced to return to Baku. Passengers were put up in hotels and flew out the next day after 21-hour delay.
Jane Laut, 57, was arrested and charged in 2009 for the murder of her husband David Laut. The charges were dropped and then refiled immediately on Friday in a Ventura County courtroom. It came after a judge denied for the third time a request to delay trial. David Laut was shot several times in the head on the night of August 28, 2009 in their yard in Oxnard, a coastal city 60 miles northwest of Los Angeles. Laut's attorney called it a'self-defense case'
Ted Loveday powered Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge to victory in final. Law student answered 10 questions posed by Jeremy Paxman in last round of BBC quiz show. Viewers took to the internet to express their admiration for his general knowledge skills. But he has now admitted that he had help from unlikely sources to prepare for show.
Eason Chow, 25, from Singapore, came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year. He found inspiration from sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines. Sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings to suit all tastes. The pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost about £80.
Claire Nugent, 43, and Nigel Morter, 47, have been married for 14 years. They restored a 1940s airfield control tower in Norfolk and now run it as a B&B. 'Weve become really wrapped up in the history of airfields. Its been great to bring this great tower back to life'
Senate committee voted 19-0 to give the White House some of, but not all, of its asks, and left in a signature feature of the bill giving Congress the authority to approve a final deal with Iran. It now goes to the full Senate, where it is could pass with a veto-proof majority of more than 66 lawmakers. The White House had said as recently as yesterday that the president would 'absolutely' veto as written. Obama administration was in panic-mode trying to strike a last-minute deal with legislators on both sides of the aisle that would satisfy its concerns.
Candice-Marie Fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011. She underwent surgery and radiation treatment to'mop up' the cancer. When a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread, she rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online. Her diet program involved her drinking'morning juice', dipping into boxes of pineapples each hour and taking vitamins. Bloggers have questioned that assertion, demanding medical evidence for her claims and questioning her understanding of her radiation treatment. In response, Ms Fox said she was applying to obtain all relevant medical records,
Andrea Catherwood got to stay at the Hotel Arts, a 44-storey skyscraper of glass and steel. No other city in the world has as many buildings on the Unesco world heritage list as Barcelona. There's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade, plus plenty of places to party.
The sapling was planted in January-Wabash Park in Ferguson, Missouri on Saturday as a dedication to the teenager, who was gunned down in the street by a police officer last August. It was called 'a symbol of peace, comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches' at a small ceremony led by the Black Caucus of the American Library Association. But by Sunday morning, the branches had been stripped, leaving just a shard of the trunk. The metal dedication plaque at the base of the tree had also been removed. On Monday, both of the saplings were replanted and
14-month-old Millie-Belle Diamond has 115,000 Instagram followers. Her mum Schye Fox set up an Instagram account for the toddler when she was two months old. Millie-belle Diamond is the proud owner of Louis Vuitton and Chanel purses and pint-sized Burberry jackets. She has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother started posting cute photos of her online.
Cressida Bonas, 26, unveiled as Mulberry's new ambassador. Shows off spring/summer 2015 collection in romantic shoot in Clerkenwell, London. Shot by Robert Fairer, Cressida, an accomplished dancer, shows off her moves as she pulls some poses. The Sloaney blonde dated Prince Harry for two years until last April.
Little Catalina from America was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home. But when her father tells her to clean up her mess, she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing. At one point Catalina hits her father's leg in frustration.
Ricky Gervais tweeted picture of Extreme Huntress winner lying next to dead giraffe. Rebecca Francis, a grandmother-of-nine, won the reality TV show in 2010. She is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills. Gervais said: 'What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?' 14,543 people retweeted it - with some saying they hoped she died 'a lonely, painful death'
Mary Ann Diano was left homeless when Hurricane Sandy hit New York in 2012. She was swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety during the storm. The 62-year-old's home has lived in a trailer park in Connecticut since the disaster. There she met her partner Dennis Krauss, who lost his home in Brooklyn, New York. They plan to spend their winnings on a new house together and start a new life together.
The cocaine, valued by the Coast Guard at $424 million, was seized by U.S. and Canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern Pacific Ocean near Central and South America. It included a 10½-ton bust from a coastal freighter, the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009. Authorities have called it the most successful run for drug seizures since 2009 in the area. In October, the Cutter Boutwell returned home with a huge load of drugs.
Gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in California enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named Elliot with kisses. Footage shows her lovingly licking the infant as he attempts to fend her away with his hands. After more than ten seconds, Gemma shows no signs of moving on.
Nikki Kelly, 24, from Bridport, Dorset, thought she was having period cramps. She had no idea she was pregnant and kept her size 8 figure throughout her pregnancy. Gave birth to son James, now three months, in 'three pushes' on the bathroom floor. Not wanting to drink alcohol was the only way her body changed during her pregnancy, she said.
David Zaslav was compensated $156.1million for his role as CEO of Discovery Communications it was revealed on Friday. This thanks to the success of television events like Shark Week, shows like the once popular Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and his running of networks like OWN. It is a remarkable boost from the $33million he received in 2013, with $22.5million of that also coming from stock awards. The amount is far, far greater than the two television executives who made the most last year, Sumer Redstone and Les Moonves.
Adriana Giogiosa, 55, was reported missing after her brother could not contact her. She had been staying at the house in Majadahonda, Madrid, for two or three months. Landlord of the house, a 32-year-old man with a history of psychological problems, has been arrested. Police reportedly found a meat grinder and a tooth in the machine at the property. Officers also found a list of three other tenants who are also thought to be missing. At least two of the other missing tenants are believed to be Argentinian women.
Sevdet Besim, from Hallam in Melbourne's south-east, was charged with 'conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts' He is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an 'ISIS inspired' attack on an Anzac Day ceremony. Days before he was arrested, Besim was browsing the Facebook page of well-known radical Perth-based Islamic preacher Mohammed Junaid Thorne. It was also revealed the young men arrested had personal links with a senior Australian jihadist and Islamic State recruiter in Syria. Police
Thief posed as a member of congregation at St James' church in Manchester. He sat down next to 86-year-old woman and stole her handbag on Good Friday. As well as taking one bag, he tried to steal the contents of two other women's bags. Police have released an e-fit and CCTV footage of the man in his 40s and grey hooded top.
The 29-year-old, who lived in California, had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs. He tore the tendon, an injury which is normally quite painful, but reported he felt nothing at all. Doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb peoples pain. Candy Crush Saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012.
Marie D'Argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma, whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at The Princeton complex in Melbourne dropped suddenly on October 9. The 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a 'loss of libido','sexual discomfort and impairment' and 'curtailment of ­sexual adventurism' She has filed a statement of claim at the County Court of Victoria to seek compensation for her injuries.
Hole appeared on a hillside in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in north-west China. Experts think a coal seam may have spontaneously combusted below ground. The temperature has been measured at 792C - but that was from two metres away. Video footage shows locals igniting branches and grass by pushing it to the rim. Some Chinese internet users have branded the hole a 'gateway to hell'
Scottish drink-drive limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg on December 5. Hospitality industry leaders claim the new law is stopping moderate drinkers from having a drink at lunch. Publicans are now concerned the new laws will have a greater effect on bars and drinking establishments than the 2006 smoking ban.
Jordan Spieth was a junior at Jesuit High School in Dallas in 2009. He wrote the letter to the Murphy family who funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition. The 21-year-old was already an extremely talented golfer in 2009 and he casually informs the family that he's the No. 1 junior golfer in the country. In 18 months, Spieth has banked more than $13 million on the PGA Tour alone.
Alinea, run by the talented Grant Achatz, is Chicagos only three-Michelin-starred restaurant. The top 10 featured four American restaurants which are all in New York. El Celler de Can Roca, Spain, came in second place, followed by Azurmendi in Spain. Spain has eight in the list while Italy has seven and Australia had five.
Most Aussies are planning their mid-year getaways in Europe between May and August. Seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in Europe. The number one attraction for Aussie tourists heading overseas is the ancient city of Athens in Greece. Second on the list is Istanbul, third is Toronto in Canada, and fourth is Warsaw in Poland. Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, Dublin in Ireland, Barcelona in Spain, Colombo in Sri Lanka, Santiago in Chile, and Vienna in Austria also make the list.
Paul Bramley, 28, died when Andreas Lubitz locked captain out of cockpit. But girlfriend Anneli Tiirik, 23, said she did not blame Lubitz, 27, who had hidden a sick note. Music student said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks, such as brain scans, to prevent similar disasters.
Prime Minister will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent on housing association properties. Subsidies will be funded by forcing councils to sell off most expensive homes. Right-to-buy was introduced in 1980 but has been stopped in its tracks by Labour in Wales and the SNP in Scotland. It became Lady Thatcher's most famous single policy.
Kenya has bombed two Al-Shabaab camps in Somalia in first major military response. Air force jets blitzed compounds in Gondodowe and Ismail, both in the Gedo region bordering Kenya. Kenyan army spokesman said: 'The two targets were hit and taken out, the two camps are destroyed' Comes after it was claimed Kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at Garissa University. One of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as the son of a Kenyan government official.
Bare-chested man walked into hospital in Dongguan, Guangdong Province. He was carrying a knife and threatened nurse Long Yufang with it. Dr Lin Xikun heard her screams and offered to swap places with her. After 10 minutes the hostage taker put the knife down and the nurse escaped.
Barbie is the 96th image to come up on Google Images when you enter the search term 'CEO', after rows and rows of grinning suit-clad men. After Barbie, the next female CEO you'll find is Jessica Herrin, CEO of a jewellery company called Stella & Dot.
Kevin Cooper and Trewen Kevern accused of murdering David Alderson, 72. Pensioner was found dead in an abandoned copper mine in January last year. Police originally thought he had died as a result of falling from his bike because he was dressed in lycra at the time.
Stephanie Scott, 26, was last seen at Leeton High School in Leeton, 550km west of Sydney, at 11am on Easter Sunday. She sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this Saturday. A month before her planned April 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was'so freakin excited' Family say the English and drama teacher is'so in love' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet. Her parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the search for their daughter as they fear her disappearance
Peachtree City Police Chief William McCollom called 911 early New Year's Day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife, Margaret, as they slept in their suburban Atlanta home. The shooting left his wife paralyzed below the waist. He was indicted on Wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge. Investigators found no evidence that he intended to harm Margaret, but concluded the shooting could have been prevented.
Royston Coates, who helped stab a man, has been posting photos on Facebook. He boasted about watching TV from prison and showing off his muscles in the pictures. Prison authorities shut down his account after being alerted to the messages he has posted. Coates was jailed for 10 years in 2013 for wounding a man with a kitchen knife. It is the second such incident to emerge within two days, after a murderer was filmed partying in jail.
Average woman will spend £18,000 on skincare products in her lifetime. Many make common mistakes every single day that could lead to skin ageing faster. Dermatologists share their top tips for ensuring you're getting the most from your regime. Don't only use SPF on holiday - it's essential for protection from the sun and stress.
Curt Almond, 26, from Bristol, spent £40 a week buying new Calvin Klein boxers. He wanted to slip into a new 'crisp pair' every day of the week to get over ex-partner. But when his savings ran out, he realised it was 'bankruptcy or boxers' He has now reverted back to normal routine of wearing and washing boxers several times over.
The 18th-century Ballyfin has been named the grandest hotel in Ireland by Condé Nast Traveller. The five-star hotel is set at the foot of the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the centre of the country. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West stayed at the hotel during their honeymoon last year. Couple said they fell in love with the 'calm' of Ireland on a previous visit and just had to return.
Injection could flush out dormant HIV hiding in white blood cells with a chemical 'kick' This would allow a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells. Theory developed by researchers at University College London, Oxford and North Carolina. Based on a single patient case study of a 59-year-old man with both HIV and myeloma.
Labour leader visited the Gurdwara during a campaign tour of the Midlands. But his team banned national media journalists from the event on Wednesday. Worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures. Miliband had donned a red head-covering to comply with Sikh customs.
Sandra Malcolm's body was found at her home in Cape Town, South Africa. Her grandson reportedly climbed through a window when nobody answered the door. Reports in South Africa suggest the 74-year-old's attackers had mutilated her. Mrs Malcolm, originally from Dundee in Scotland, was found on Sunday morning.
New analysis of Finnish education suggests pupil aptitude has declined since country embraced fashionable teaching methods. Instead of giving whole-class instruction from blackboard, teachers have adopted small group work, independent learning and educational activities and games. Report author Gabriel Heller Sahlgren said methods 'are not good for test scores' Findings add weight to arguments by Michael Gove that return to traditional teacher-led lessons are the way to raise standards in schools.
The man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend inside a McDonald's. Egged on by his friends, the man, known only as Chase, strides purposefully over to his partner. The woman is clearly delighted, quickly saying 'Yes' and the couple embrace. Their friends filming the video whoop and yell: 'Man this is real, this really is real'
Harrowing images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media. One of those distributing the sickening pictures is a man claiming to be a British ISIS jihadi who goes by the nom de guerre Abu Bakr al-Britani. Gruesome photographs are understood to have been taken near Tikrit in Iraq's Salah al-Din province. They show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back. The exact crime the man is accused of committing is not known, but images of his violent
David Cameron bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in Bolton on Wednesday. He isn't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe. Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Nick Clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters. It seems the unrelenting enthusiasm of politicians is what annoys kids most.
A quarter of Australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men. The affluent suburbs of Potts Point, Rushcutters Bay and Elizabeth Bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households. This means that the women who live alone in the Eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts. Many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice.
Riddick Bowe was once seen as the world's best heavyweight fighter. The 46-year-old retired with a rumoured fortune of $15million in the 1990s. But Bowe has now offered to post tweets for $20 to his 450,000 followers. He has posted messages asking for dates, asking for a date and promoting companies. Bowe's actions seem a far cry from his hey day when he was the only man to beat Holyfield.
Justin Whittington, 23, was arrested on Friday in Bakersfield, California, and charged with child cruelty. But following interviews, his charge was changed from 'cruelty' to 'endangerment', and his bail dropped from $1 million to $20,000. On Sunday he posted a message on Facebook asking for his pregnant wife and son to be 'left out of this' He was adamant there was more to 'that' video than meets the eye.
Fraser Ross, who founded Kitson, is embroiled in a $1million legal dispute. Multi-millionaire is accused of swearing at workers at LAX branch of the fashion brand. His behaviour led the company running the store to file a lawsuit to end business relationship. Kitson is popular with celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Lady Gaga and Kylie Jenner.
Hannah McWhirter, 21, engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker and her husband. She even exchanged texts with the couple after the threesome telling them how much she enjoyed it. But when her boyfriend found out she claimed she had been raped following the hookup. Mcwhirter has admitted wasting police time with false rape claims at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.
Keith Anthony Allen, 27, of Columbus pleaded not guilty Monday to charges including rape, felonious assault and gross sexual imposition. Allen is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls since September and fondling a third girl. The assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was HIV-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes AIDS.
John Young, 66, and his wife Elaine, 54, were writing thank you cards at their home. Thugs began pelting their home in Oldham, Greater Manchester, with stones last Friday. When one brick smashed the glass, Mr Young opened his front door to confront them. He was hit in the face with a brick and suffered an open wound to his forehead. Doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye. Police said there appears to be no motive for the attack and it could be a case of yobs'messing around'
Russian warship and two bombers strayed close to UK territory yesterday. Russian destroyer equipped with missiles, anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered Channel. HMS Argyll sent heavily-armed frigate to monitor vessels as they passed through. Just a few hours later, two Russian long-range Bear bombers hugged British airspace. RAF deployed two Typhoon fighter jets to intercept the planes from RAF Lossiemouth. Sources claim both incidents may have been attempt to'snoop' on Nato war games exercise.
Female cyclist killed in rush-hour accident with a lorry in central London. Witnesses reported seeing front wheel of her bike 'completely squashed' under lorry. Incident happened close to Lambeth Bridge near Houses of Parliament at 9.30am. It is the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries. Cycle campaigners have organised a 'vigil and die-in' at the site.
Michael Slager is facing murder charges for shooting dead 50-year-old Walter Scott in the back in North Charleston, South Carolina, on April 4. But local prosecutors say that even if he is convicted of murder, he won't face the death penalty because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined 'aggravating circumstances' which state law defines as conditions of death penalty. Slager fired from the North Charleston Police Department last week after he was charged with murder. Footage has emerged of him firing a Taser at Julius Garnett Wilson, a black man being held
The Robshaws sample insects in tonight's episode of BBC's Back for Dinner. Insects are full of protein, low in fat and packed full of nutrients. Two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects. UN report identified edible insects as a sustainable food source for the future.
Maarij Khan and his mother Mushammat are set to be removed from their home in Newcastle. The 11-year-old's brother Saffat died of meningitis last month, aged 10. Saffat was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma, a childhood cancer, in 2007. After years of chemotherapy and radiotherapy he died on March 4. Home Office denied the family's request to stay in the UK after their visa expired. They tried to challenge the decision, but a tribunal turned down their appeal last year.
The Black Book of Carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in Welsh. Contains some of the earliest references to Arthur and Merlin. Researchers have found a series of hidden faces and message in it. Using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software, the images were recovered.
Martina Riccioni and her best friend Antoinettia Caffero were involved in a head-on collision in Perth on Easter Monday. The 23-year-old was thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident. Her devastated family in Italy cannot afford to bring her home so have turned to crowdfunding out of desperation. They have started a crowdfunding appeal on 'Go Fund Me' to raise up to $20,000 to transport her body.
Zach Yonzon runs the Bunny Baker Cafe in Manila with his wife. He uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces. The graphic artist uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer dipped in dark chocolate. Customers can leave with a special memento from their time that they can show off.
London estate agents were invited to a fake haunted house. They were subject to terrifying pranks, installed with secret cameras. The house was rigged with special effects to give the appearance of being possessed by a ghost. As well as horrified screams and petrified stares from the estate agents, one of them throws his hands up in a surrender position, insisting: 'I didn't touch anything!'
Shocking footage has emerged of a violent brawl involving more than 70 teenagers. The brawl took place at the Serbian Community Centre in Willawong in Brisbane's south on Tuesday night. Police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight. Four people have been arrested over the incident, including a 20-year-old Goodna man who was charged with public nuisance.
Boy, 8, taken to hospital after playground prank called'sleeper' went wrong. He was suffocated until he blacked out from lack of oxygen and was taken to A&E. Greater Manchester Police have issued a warning to parents over the potentially fatal game. Officers in North Manchester believe it is a new craze and have alerted parents. Post has now been shared more than 11,200 times on the social network.
Shelly Sterling has spoken out about her legal victory over her husband's alleged mistress V. Stiviano, saying she took the much-younger woman to court 'for justice' The billionaire wife of former LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge's ruling this week that Stivian must return $2.6 million in sugar daddy gifts. Donald Sterling, 80, lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $1.8 million house, luxury cars and stocks - all while hiding them from his wife of six decades. But Shelly insisted on Wednesday she didn
Samia Ghadie and Sylvain Longchambon enjoyed a four-day trip to New York. The couple paid their respects to those lost on 9/11 at the World Trade Center. They also enjoyed a Bateaux New York Cruise of the Hudson along the Hudson River.
Scientists from the University of Wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms. The contraceptive is made with hydrogel, a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue. It will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication, topical drug delivery, and even electric conductivity. Hydrogel has been around for decades, but it has risen to prominence in recent years, after being used in prosthetics for the likes of eye implants and blood vessels.
Jack Henry Doshay, 22, was arrested last week after allegedly attempting to kidnap a 7-year-old girl from a Solana Beach, California elementary school. Doshay allegedly grabbed the young girl as she was walking from class to after-school care and tried to cover her mouth with packing tape in an attempt to smother her screams. But teachers and parents heard the girl's cries for help and found her struggling with the suspect, who in turn fled the scene in a newer model black Ford Flex SUV. He was arrested nine days after the incident, after police released a sketch with his description
List price of Bentleys ranges from £136,250 to £224,700. Manufacturer and Porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table judged on reliability. Most reliable models were the Honda Jazz and Mitsubishi Lancer. The Audi RS6 was also the most costly to fix, with an average repair bill of £1,003.
Homeland Security and Immigration and Customs officials raided 239 crime syndicates across the country during a six-week operation known as Project Wildfire. Officials from 215 local, state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons, drugs and cash at the addresses. At least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape, murder and sexual assault. As they were booked into jail, some of the suspects were forced to take off their shirts and reveal their ink - many of which are believed to be tied to gangs.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago. He has flown from Lismore in NSW to Sydney for a risky operation to remove the tumour. Jackson needs $80,000 needed to pay for his surgery upfront, and another $45,00 for fees. His family reached the target on Monday morning, but his mother says the family needs an additional $45,000 to cover chemotherapy and other hospital fees. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo is the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation.
Raghunandan Yandamuri, 29, of King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder. He was convicted in the 2012 slayings of 10-month-old Saanvi Venna and Satayrathi Venna, 61. The technology professional acted as his own lawyer during his trial before his post-conviction hearings were taken over by lawyers. Now he says he would rather be executed than continue with his lawyers.
Estimates suggest around 1,000 iOS apps are vulnerable to a flaw in AFNetworking. This includes Uber, Microsoft's OneDrive and Movies by Flixster. Flaw was first reported at the end of last month by security researchers Simone Bovi and Mauro Gentile and specifically applies to version 2.5.1 of AFNetWorking. It was active between 24 January until it was flagged up on 25 March. The day the flaw was announced, and subsequently patched, there were said to be 20,000 apps using the library and that were updated or released on the App Store.
Dave Roberts jumped off Transporter Bridge over River Tees for children's charity. He said 'Daniel, this one's for you' in reference to his great-great-uncle Daniel McAllister who died after leaping off the bridge in 1913. Mr Roberts, who is running for mayor of Middlesbrough, survived the jump. The 50-year-old former TV and radio presenter said: 'I screamed like a child as I was going down, but thoroughly enjoyed it'
The three children who died when their mother's car crashed into a lake in Melbourne have been laid to rest. Bol Manyang, one, his four-year-old sister Hanger and her twin brother Madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at St Andrew's Church in Werribee on Saturday morning. Their mother Akon Guode and father Joseph Tito Manyang sat in the church's front row, alongside older sister Awel, 5, who survived the horrifying crash on April 8. Police are still investigating how the car ran off the road and ended up in
Wat Pa Luangta Bua Yanasampanno, outside of Bangkok, has been forced to shut. The sanctuary has 147 tigers which must be handed over to the Department of National Parks, Wildlife and Plant Conservation by Friday. Animal rights activists have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the big cats. Tigers will be rehoused at the Khao Pra Thap Chang Wildlife Breeding Centre in Chom Bung.
The couple were pictured together at the Maxim Hot 100 party in Las Vegas in June of 2004. The blonde beauty was flying solo to the event as she had announced her separation with actor John Stamos just two months prior. In her new book Going Off Script, Giuliana reveals that Jerry was 'talking up Rebecca as a prelude to feeling up Rebecca', as he appeared to be a bit distracted.
Ian Harris is a member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. His followers regard the pasta strainer as a religious garment. He is challenging the DVLA over his rights to wear the bowl in his licence photo. Says it is equivalent to Muslim women being pictured in hijabs. Has already been turned down once by the agency but has sent off a fresh photo.
Foodie Fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at The Curious Canine Kitchen. Dishes include textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree, crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream, coconut, and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits. All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES, a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos, Peru.
A water main break in New York City caused evening commute hysteria Wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a West Village subway tunnel. The 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th Street and Seventh Avenue in Manhattan, shutting down three train lines in both directions. As much as 2 feet of murky water, more than enough to reach the electrified third rail, had accumulated in some places.
Ted Koran, 59, claims he was put on hold three times by the Veterans Suicide Hotline on Saturday night. He was struggling to deal with the loss of his wife Karen who passed away from cancer six months ago. The only reason he decided not to kill himself was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together. Ted's experience highlights the increasing problems the VA is facing with its Veterans Crisis Hotline as it fights depression among ex-servicemen. 22 veterans end their lives every day across the US.
Dr. Fredric Brandt was found dead inside his Coconut Grove, Florida home on Easter Sunday morning. Police report reveals that Brandt had been battling extreme depression for just 10 days before he took his own life. The plastic surgeon was reportedly upset over his portrayal in Tina Fey's new Netflix show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. Dr. Brandt worked with stars including Madonna, Stephanie Seymour and Jane Holzer. Tina Fey's husband Jeff Richmond said he didn't know anything about Brandt's death.
Rebecca Adlington, 26, is eight months pregnant with her first child. Says pregnancy has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far. Reveals she put on a stone and didn't feel good about herself in early stages of pregnancy. Can't wait to get back in shape and 'feel like myself again' after the birth.
Sutherland Council is exploring the possibility of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations right on the beach. This motion was proposed by Councillor Steve Simpson due to the economic boost the backpackers bring to the area. Many locals have already had a negative response to the backpacker vans crowding the beachside streets. On average, seasoned travellers spend $700 on eating out and shopping during a stay.
Christine Carriage, 67, admitted acquiring, using or possessing criminal property. Police raided her one-bedroom bungalow in Bowthorpe, Norwich, in November 2013. They found 1,337 items of stolen clothing, shoes and handbags worth £5,620. An 8ft-long clothes rail in one room was bending under the weight of the stolen items. Carriage was given a six-month suspended sentence at Norwich Crown Court.
Storm chaser Dan Robinson captured the image over Jaibru in Australia. He believes 'looping lightning' is simply a trick of perspective, based on where the viewer is stood, meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not. Upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1% of lightning travels in an upwards direction. Storms are normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to Earth. This causes an electrical field change, which allows an upward positive leader to originate from a tall object like a building or wind turbine.
Carlos Toro, 66, worked as a mid-level member of the Medellin Cartel in the 1980s. He fled Colombia fearing for his life when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee. Toro came to the United States and began working for the DEA as an informant. The former cartel member was one of the DEA's strongest assets and helped carry out undercover stings around the world. His work aided in the prosecution of cocaine overlord Carlos Lehder and former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega.
Farhina Touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through Taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents. The Taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'Western conspiracy' and a 'bio-weapon' that would actually make children sick. Two of her colleagues were gunned down on the job in 2012 by the terror group for issuing the vaccine. There have been 322 cases of polio across Pakistan in the last two years, the majority of them children under three.
MailOnline Travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world's most budget-busting cities. Opt for a stroll around New York's recently-built Highline or Paris' Jardin du Luxembourg for a no-cost cultural fix. Or pack a picnic lunch and sit along Lake Zurich's promenade or the sprawling Sheep's Meadow in Central Park.
Szilveszter, 24, injected petroleum jelly into his penis to make it bigger. Nine months later his penis was swollen, painful and bleeding. He was unable to have sex and was in constant pain. Cosmetic surgeon Dr Vik Vijh said he had never seen anything like it. Only treatment was to'skin' the penis to get rid of the Vaseline and scar tissue.
On Nov. 11, 2014, the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in Farmingdale, New Jersey. Now, more than five months later, authorities have released the sketch along with photos of evidence as they continue to investigate the child's death. The baby, who was named 'Emma Grace' by a local church, was discovered by a ReCommunity Recycling facility employee.
Tori Hester, 25, from San Diego, California, was diving in Cabo Pulmo, Mexico. Husband Jeff, 26, was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera. 'I was awe-struck. I had never seen anything like that before in my life,' he said.
Tim McGraw is scheduled to headline a Connecticut concert in support of pro gun control charity Sandy Hook Promise on July 17. The Dixie Chicks never bounced back from criticizing President George W Bush. Anti-gun control commenters have said that McGraw risks losing his career the same way. His opening act Bill Currington backed away from the project after backlash.
Caitlin Kellie-Jones was diagnosed with Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy. The condition occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood. To control the condition Caitlin was placed in a special cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours. It allows the brain to cool down and minimises the damage from the lack of oxygen. Now ten months old, Caitlin has recovered from HIE and is able to feed and play. Her parents, Nicola and Paul, are raising money to help
Brooke Geherman filmed her son, Kowen, flushing his pet goldfish, Top, down the toilet. The young boy cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move. As the goldfish circles the bowl, he realises he will never see Top again.
Etan Patz's 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children's movement. Pedro Hernandez confessed in 2012 in a case that has confounded law enforcement for decades. The defense says the admissions are made up, the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low IQ. Etan's body was never found, nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings.
Extraordinary aerial photographs taken above Whitefish Bay on eastern Lake Superior, Ontario, show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse. They are carrying a variety of goods from Canadian grain to US iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks. The ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by Canadian and US ice breakers, which have been hampered by the extreme conditions.
Men were taking part in a Royal Navy ice-hockey team tour of Nova Scotia. They allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman at a drinks party at Shearwater base. Joshua Finbow, 23, a submarine engineer, Craig Stoner, 24, Simon Radford, 31, and Darren Smalley, 35, were arrested six days later. Charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm and group sexual assault.
Hadas (not her real name) had 'the cut' in Eritrea when she was just a few months old. She says she doesn't blame her mother for taking her to have the procedure. Most people in her country think that if a girl is cut, she will grow up to be a good girl. Hadas first came into contact with the NSPCC after being brought to the UK by sex traffickers. Now in her early 20s, she has found support from the charity.
Five people, including two children, storm out of minivan and attack 51-year-old. They stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless on the ground. Incident is believed to have been caused by boy, 10, telling his mother the man hit him. Boy's mother, Aleathea Gillard, 34, allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend, Shareena Joachim, 24, is said to have carried Mace.
eHarmony's new relationship study finds women have starkly different priorities to men when it comes to finding 'the one' 54 per cent of women think they prioritise love, yet spend less time actively looking for dates than men. While women want love, they spend almost half the time that men do seeking it. Sydney-based singleton Candice Ingram, 39, agrees that you get treated differently when you're single. 'In Sydney men just dont seem to approach women,' she says.
Sean Crawford, from Carterton, New Zealand, is an artist who turns dead animals into works of art. He has three animal sculptures currently on display at Traffic Jam Galleries at Neutral Bay on Sydney's lower north shore. Some religious folk have taken issue with the fact Mr Crawford is'manipulating the animal' by using animal parts in his work, but he maintains that hes only used parts that would have otherwise gone to waste. Mr Crawford uses animals that have been killed during hunting for meat or pest control.
David Lammy said SNP was a party Labour could 'do business with' in a hung Parliament. Admission comes amid warnings from Tories that SNP will hold Labour to 'ransom' Polls suggest Nicola Sturgeon's party are on course to win up to 50 seats on May 7. Miliband has ruled out joining a formal coalition with the SNP but refused to be drawn on whether he could work with them on a vote-by-vote basis. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the admission exposed the threat posed by SNP-Labour alliance.
Alborz destroyer and Bushehr support vessel sailed from Bandar Abbas to the Gulf of Aden today. Military bosses claim the move is designed to protect Iranian shipping from piracy. Comes as Saudi Arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the Iran-allied Houthi movement which has taken most of Yemen. Washington has accelerated moves to supply weapons to the Saudi coalition as foreign powers get drawn deeper into conflict.
Yassir Ali, 29, was stopped by traffic police in Birmingham on February 22. Officers suspected the silver BMW 1 series may have been stolen. The car pulled over to the side of the road and a man gets out of the passenger seat. After a few seconds, the squad car forces its way past the man and follows the BMW. Ali flies through several junctions, ignoring red lights and on wrong side of road. He eventually lost control of the car and got it stuck between a bollard and a shop.
Toronto-born Jonathan Crombie died on Wednesday in New York after suffering a brain hemorrhage. He was best known for his role as Gilbert Blythe in the Canadian television drama film Anne of Green Gables and two sequels. His organs were donated and his family plans to take his ashed back to Toronto by bus, because that's how the actor liked to travel.
Boy was on holiday in Burnham-on-Sea with his family from Manchester. He was wading across the mudflats at low tide when he became stuck in mud. Coastguard used a hovercraft to pull him to safety and he was unhurt. The stretch of coast is particularly dangerous, said experts.
Nephew of President John F Kennedy used term last week during screening of film. Film implies link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and rise in autism. Kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey effects of autism on children.
Tamara Pacskowska pretended to be Georgina Bagnall-Oakley at meetings with estate agents and solicitors over sale of the home in Bayswater, West London. 56-year-old, from Croydon, South London, could not speak English and took her daughter-in-law Monika Brzezinska, 34, along with her on the visits to help her translate. The fraudsters were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale to fellow conman Benjamin Khoury, 26. Pacsk
In 1992, the Drug Enforcement Agency began secretly tracking phone calls made from the United States to 116 countries on their watch list for drug trafficking. This is also now the oldest known example of the U.S. government authorizing this level of tracking on unknowing citizens of the country. The goal was to infiltrate drug trafficking rings, especially those that were previously unknown to members of the DEA and federal government. It allowed agents to monitor calls the ruled out the possibility of foreign ties to the 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building by American Timothy McVeigh.
A New York City woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera. The woman is now thrilled she purchased the device and has handed the video over to police. Anyone who recognizes the man in the video is asked to contact Crime Stoppers at 800-577-TIPS.
The 18-carat gold Irish Freedom Box was a gift to Lord Uxbridge in 1828. It was presented to him by Trinity College Dublin when he was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. He commanded 13,000 Allied cavalry and 44 guns of horse artillery at the Battle of Waterloo. His leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a tourist attraction.
Michelle Heale, 46, of Tom's River, New Jersey, was babysitting Mason Hess in August 2012. She claimed she was trying to burp him when he began choking on his applesauce. But when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards, killing the boy. Heale was convicted of aggravated manslaughter and child endangerment but acquitted of murder. However she now faces 30 years in prison after being found guilty of killing the youngster.
Harvey Weinsten was spotted looking remarkably relaxed and chipper as he stepped out of his New York City townhouse on Thursday. His wife Georgina Chapman has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming Spring/Summer 2016 bridal collection for her fashion brand Marchesa. Chapman was joined by the couple's son Dashiell in the design room on Thursday as she worked on the project. Ambra Battilana, who claims Weinstein groped her during a business meeting, met with prosecutors on Tuesday as a criminal probe into the incident continues. No charges have
Mario Balotelli receives the most abusive messages on social media. Chelsea receive 20,000, Liverpool 19,000 and Arsenal 12,000. Manchester United and Manchester City both receive 11,000 messages. An abusive message is directed at a Premier League club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes. Almost a third of the abusive posts were racist, a quarter were based on gender and just under a fifth about sexual orientation.
Crystal O'Connor, owner of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana, says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding. She has closed her store, but said she will reopen again and $850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days. The news comes a week after Indiana passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which allows businesses to openly discriminate against gays. On Saturday, openly gay basketball stars Jason Collins and Derrick Gordon showed up to watch the games during the March Madness tournament at Indianapolis's Lucas Oil Stadium.
David Rylance, 47, siphoned money away from his mother's bank account. Margaret's concerns were put down to her suffering from Alzheimer's disease. But in reality her son had been slowly siphoning the money away. He spent it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs and on holidays. One of her accounts held just £1,000 at the time of her death in July 2013. Rylance admitted theft and fraud involving £52,000 and was jailed for two years and three months.
Sprawling house built on site of old telephone exchange in Chelsea, west London. Sold for 300 times the average price of home in England and Wales. But the buyer also has to pay £7.6m in stamp duty - equivalent to 15% tax bill. House is 18 times the size of average new home, with nine bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a cinema, a Japanese water garden and an indoor swimming pool.
A body pulled from the Mississippi River on Saturday has been identified as Barway Edward Collins, 10, who has been missing for nearly a month. Authorities said the body of the ten-year-old was found on Saturday around 1pm by searchers from a Boy Scout troop about ten feet from the river's edge in Brooklyn Center, Minnesota. Crystal Police Chief Stephanie Revering said authorities have electronic evidence that shows the boy's father, Pierre Collins, 33, was in that area at the time the boy disappeared. The Hennepin County Medical Examiner said the cause and manner of Barway
Inside Abbey Road is an interactive, immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour of the inner workings of Abbey Road studios. The studios have never before been open to the public, despite receiving around 500,000 visitors a year. Sir Edward Elgar opened the studios on 12th November 1931, and has hosted every major name in music since. Google Street View is the result of a collaboration with the company's Creative Lab. Users can scan the more than 150 360-degree images that make up the experience using a point and click of the mouse, as well as click and drag.
Lib Dem leader's wife said the party's MPs 'deserve' to be re-elected in May. She said they put country above their party for five years 'at great personal cost' Miriam Clegg said she 'just wanted to do her bit' for the Lib Dem cause. Her appearance on the campaign trail comes after a series of high profile visits and media interviews by David Cameron's wife Samantha.
Jourdan, 24, was severely bullied at school and had to be home-schooled. She was scouted at Primark in Hammersmith, London, when she was just 15 years old. Now she is the face of Maybelline New York and first black model to walk for Prada. Revealed in interview that she feels she has to set example for other 'ethnic-looking girls'
Faiz Ikramulla, 35, was arrested and charged on Thursday with aggravated kidnapping. Child welfare authorities say the father of a three-year-old girl found alone near a suburban Chicago forest preserve left her in a trash can. A passer-by found the girl Tuesday evening along a roadside near the forest preserve in Prospect Heights. She was crying and waving her hands. Ikramulla will now be extradited to Illinois to face charges. In May 2014 he was arrested the Wisconsin man was accused of violently attacking police officers during a traffic stop and shouting God is great in Arabic.
Judy Eddingfield, 65, celebrated her 50th anniversary working at Winstead's restaurant in Kansas City last week. 'It's like my home away from home and I just love it here,' said the dedicated waitress. Eddingfield said that her first day on the job when she was just 15-years-old she spilled a shake all over a woman's fur coat and thought for sure that she'd be fired. Jerry Mathers and Tony Dow of the television series 'Leave It to Beaver' came to eat there in the late 1970's. She said that Mather
13-year-old boy 'walked into school armed with a machete and a crossbow' He is said to have killed a male teacher and wounded four others in the attack. Teenager had a 'kill list' of 25 names of teachers and pupils he wanted to kill, it is claimed. He had told classmates of his plans as recently as last week but none took him seriously. The boy is undergoing a psychiatric examination but will not face charges.
Secret Service and the National Park Service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes, angled away from the White House, to the existing fence. The new spikes, officially known as 'pencil protrusions,' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence  as tall as 10 feet  is planned and fabricated. A sitting U.S. congressman suggested in November that the Secret Service would be better able to protect the president and his family if 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue took a more mediaeval approach to security with a moat.
Royal Dutch Shell Plc has filed a complaint in federal court in Alaska seeking an order to remove Greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig bound for the Arctic on Monday. The activists boarded the Polar Pioneer drill rig 750 miles northwest of Hawaii. They plan to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to Arctic drilling. Shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with. groups against oil drilling off Alaska's shores and'respect. their views' but condemned the boarding.
Alison Saunders consulted Neil Moore over whether to prosecute Lord Janner, it has emerged. Mr Moore was a barrister at 23 Essex Street where Daniel Janner worked. Senior police officers probing allegations of child abuse have reportedly raised concerns about Mr Moore's involvement in the decision to not proceed with his trial. Mrs Saunders said it was her job to make'very difficult decisions', but the row shows no sign of abating.
Monitoring by Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years. The dolphins come to the Hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks. They travel in large groups and sometimes form super-pods of thousands of individuals. Once they were drawn to warmer waters above 10°C south of the area, climate change is causing sea surface temperatures to rise by 0.5 °C a decade. Warm water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore
The note was spotted by Twitter user PlattsiePlatts who posted it to her social media account. In the note, which was in the window of an undisclosed chippy in London, the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling with his family. The note, written on two A4 pieces of paper and stuck to the window, was posted around a month ago but was circulated on Twitter this week.
Researchers at the Technical University of Braunschweig, Germany, have shown that passive smoking affects plants too. They found peppermint plants can take up high concentrations of nicotine from contaminated soil and plumes of smoke. Findings may explain why some spices, herbal teas and medicinal plants have high levels of nicotine in them, despite none being allowed in insecticides. Nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned in 2009.
Argentina has branded British attempts to explore the seas around the Falklands Islands for oil illegitimate and says it will mount a legal challenge. Daniel Filmus, Argentinas secretary of state for the islands, told an event in London that Britain's decision to increase military spending in the South Atlantic was gunboat diplomacy He said military conflict belongs to the past but ruled out another conflict.
Andreas Lubitz may have spiked Captain Patrick Sodenheimer's coffee to remove him from the flight deck. Lubitz crashed the Airbus A320 passenger jet into the Alps changing the aircraft's altitude to just 100 feet. Investigators have been scouring Lubitz's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy. It has emerged that Lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself.
Pamela Anderson joined Sheriff Joe Arpaio at the Maricopa County Jail on Wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet. Arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $200,000 per year. The jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now. Inmates are served a peanut butter sandwich with oranges and some crackers for brunch and a hot meal comprised of different vegetable and soy dishes for dinner. Anderson and PETA have come under fire for their association with the polarizing Arpaio, who has
The rare mammal has been making waves at the Taiji Whale Museum in southern Japan. While bottlenose dolphins are typically grey, the mammal is completely white apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it's feeling emotional. The phenomenon results from the animals thin skin, which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state.
Charli, an eight-year-old girl from Australia, makes an estimated $127,000 a month in ad revenue from her popular YouTube channel CharlisCraftyKitchen. She has turned her channel into YouTube's largest food channel in less than three years. Charli and her sister Ashlee, who serves as the channel's 'chief taste tester', are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos.
Sophie Falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles long before the Kardashians. Khloe Kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new, slim figure. Falkiner discovered the benefits while interviewing Hollywood plastic surgeons for a work assignment years ago. 'The thicker, the better,' Falkiner has previously said.
Alarmed by a rash of explosions and injuries caused when amateurs make hash oil, lawmakers in Colorado and Washington are considering spelling out what's allowed when it comes to making the concentrated marijuana at home. The proposals came after an increase in home fires and blasts linked to homemade hash oil. In Colorado, at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil  nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013. Federal prosecutors in Seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up, including at one apartment complex where an 87-year-old former mayor of Bellevue died
Xie Hong Feng, 45, was found dead after falling down an elevator shaft in China. Property manager Yang Shao said her three-year-old son pushed her down the shaft. Ms Xie had dropped her keys in the gap between the elevator and the fourth floor. She went to property manager Yang for help retrieving them from the gap. All three got the lift to the fifth floor, and Yang pressed the button for the sixth. When Ms Xie didn't come back, Yang asked her son 'Where is your mother?' He answered 'Pushed down!' and Yang called the
Lucy, the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found, still has a few secrets to reveal. Discovered in 1974, the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the Afar region of Ethiopia. Now, a new look at the ancient hominin's skeleton suggests one of the bones may, in fact, belong to a baboon. The fossil of a gelada baboon thoracic vertebra must have somehow been mixed up with Lucy's remains.
Modular Robotic Vehicle (MRV) developed at NASA's Johnson Space Center in California. Uses electrical signals to control steering, brakes, and propulsion. Can also be controlled remotely at speeds of up to 70mph. Nasa hopes it will be used in future manned space exploration missions.
Hattie Gladwell, 19, from West Sussex was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. Underwent emergency surgery to have her colon removed and an ostomy bag fitted. Has now opened up about her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com. Reveals what it's like to wear a bikini for the first time and how to have sex with a bag.
Velella velella are blue jellyfish-like creatures that have a small blue sail on the tops of their bodies. They are washing up on beaches in Oregon, California and Washington this spring thanks to strong winds. Experts say there are more than usual this year. The creatures are not harmful to humans but will begin to smell fishy as they start to decay.
Freddo Frog has shrunk from 15g to 12g. The miniature chocolate amphibians weighed a plump 20g two years ago. Cadburys spokesman Julian Polachek said: Were making a change to the size of the product because of manufacturing cost increases that we can no longer absorb
Ground-Based Air Defense Directed Energy On-the-Move program, commonly referred to as GBAD, allows controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target. Once drones are spotted, it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser. System is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the Humvee and Joint Light Tactical Vehicle.
Matthew Weathers, a teacher at Biola University in California, often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his YouTube channel. The clip would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room. Mr Weathers announces to his class that if they have any trouble with some of the things he has gone over in the lesson, they can look up the answers in one of his many helpful videos. As the virtual teacher begins telling him off, the real teacher leans out and pushes the screen back.
Janet Brown was found dead at the bottom of the stairs of her family home in 1995. The 51-year-old mother-of-three was battered to death in her own home in Radnage, Buckinghamshire. Detectives believe new DNA evidence could help solve the mystery of her murder. Mrs Brown's daughters have appealed for information about the 'heinous' crime. A £20,000 reward is being offered for information leading to a successful conviction of the killer.
Miley Cyrus, 22, attended Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Induction Ceremony on Saturday. Social media users noticed that she had given her razor a night off. Miley's somewhat bushy underarm area caused quite a stir on social media. Many users advised Miley to pick up a razor and shave.
Relationship counsellor Susan Pease Gadoua says traditional weddings set people up for failure. Suggests fixed-term Starter Marriage, in which couples sign renewable contract. Couples agree to be together for 'two, three, four or more years  whatever works for you and your partner' At end of stated contract period, the couple decide whether they want to go their separate ways, or continue with the marriage, at which point they should draw up revised contract.
A Colorado wastewater facility went up in flames on Friday after a fracking tanker was hit by lightning, setting off a series of explosions and oil fires. Firefighters were called to the site northeast of Greeley airport shortly after 1 p.m. The fire began when lightning struck a water storage tank, launching it into the air. The water contained traces of hydrocarbons and petroleum as a result of hydraulic fracturing, which ignited. Nearby homes were evacuated, however no injuries were reported. Karnes County Sheriff Dwayne Villanueva blamed lightning for an explosion Friday at an oil tank
Sasha Obama, 14, was spotted listening to earbuds as she, sister Malia and their parents ditched the White House and the press pool for an impromptu trip to Great Falls Park in Virginia on Sunday. The family's brief hike happened to take place during the National Park Service's National Park Week. On Saturday and Sunday, the few parks nationwide that charge admission were open to the public free of charge as part of the celebration.
Landmarks Law was signed by Mayor Robert Wagner on April 19, 1965, and upheld by Supreme Court in 1978. New exhibition marks the 50th anniversary of New York City's Landmarks Law, which protects historic places and places of cultural, architectural and historical significance. Saving Place looks at the lead up to the law, including the 1963 demolition of the old Pennsylvania Station to make way for Madison Square Garden.
Bookmakers appeared to make light of recent police shootings on African-Americans. Tweet said: 'Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male' It was accompanied by smirking picture of Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers. Reaction on social media described the tweet as 'deplorable', 'unbelievable' and 'disgusting'
The 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists' entrance where Drake was performing at the event in Indio, California. A video obtained by TMZ appears to shows Bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area. Sources close to Bieber said he voluntarily left and was considering taking legal action against the security guards.
Staff attorneys at the U.S. Justice Department's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block Comcast Corps. $45.2 billion proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable Inc. A spokesman for TWC questioned the reports saying that the company has been working productively with both the DOJ and the Federal Communications Commission. Just two months ago, Comcast CEO Brian Roberts told Wall street analysts that officials are excited about the merger and the planning for regulatory approval was on schedule.
Jamie Silvonek, 14, is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy in the death of her 54-year-old mother. Her boyfriend, Caleb Barnes, 20, who is stationed at Fort Meade, Maryland, is also charged with homicide. The teen's mother found out about their relationship in early March and ordered the couple to break up, according to court documents. A day later, the teen told Barnes in a text message, 'I want her gone,' police said. Jamie's attorney said his client 'cried incessantly and told me how much she missed
Medical incident officer joined team caring for patients last Friday. Came as West Midlands Ambulance Service demanded action following delays. Worcestershire Acute Hospitals NHS Trust admitted circumstances were 'less than ideal' NHS England said 92.5% of patients spent four hours or less. This was a slight improvement on the previous week when it was 92.4%.
Wolf Hall star Damian Lewis says redhead stock is very high at the moment. 'This might be a unique moment in recent history: redheads everywhere are doing well' Prince Harry, Ed Sheeran, Julianne Moore and Lily Cole are all redheads. Eddie Redmayne is colour blind, so can't distinguish between red and green.
Little Zane Gbangbola died at home  in the middle of the night  after being poisoned by gas. For months after his death, police and other official agencies ruled out fears that the deadly fumes had come from a nearby landfill site. Instead, they insisted carbon monoxide from a faulty pump hired by his family had caused his death. But new evidence proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing Zane had leaked into the family's home as it was engulfed by floodwater. The Mail on Sunday has seen leaked statements from police interviews with senior firefighters
Swedish scientists analysed 10,000 families with children aged two to 14. They looked at whether there was any family conflict, a change of family structure, interventions from social services or unemployment. 58 children were diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in formative years.
linear dunes are straight ridges of sand that have been known to measure as long as 99 miles (160km) They are also known to merge and form so-called 'Y-shaped compound dunes' The formation of these patterns are caused by the wind and movement of sand. But exactly how this wind movement forms the structures is disputed. One theory, suggested by Steven Hanna in 1969, is that the linear dunes are created by helical roll vortices. These are rolls of air that spiral, or rotate one way before rotating another.
Tiny trapdoor leads to a secret underground passageway in Tijuana. Soldiers uncovered the suspected drugs tunnel and arrested nine people. The 66ft deep route was still under construction and was wired with lights. Officials said the route had not yet crossed the border and only stretched 500 feet. But officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced.
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told the group's annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people that people must stand up against looming gun-control efforts. He declared that nobody'should be forced to face evil with bare hands' as he called Congress to permit handguns licence-carriers to carry their weapon in every state. Chris Cox, the head of the NRA's lobbying arm, said Hillary Clinton would make Obama 'look like an amateur' when it comes to gun control.
Ann Malsbury, 22, of Coventry, also battered Lee Judson, 21, with a saucepan and hair straighteners after she flew into a rage. Chef's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home to collect belongings after pair broke up. Malsbury jumped on his back and wrapped iPod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him. She then armed herself with large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with blade. Charged with GBH but cleared of this after pleading guilty to alternative offence of affray.
Daniel Pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend Alex. The pair had been driving along a route together when he erected a series of signs. Alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on but caught the second two which read: Will... you... Marry. She gasped when the next sign revealed the marriage proposal as a joke when she read LOL JK, meaning 'just kidding'
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne directly at Liu Siying after winning Chinese Grand Prix. The 23-year-old was pictured grimacing as the British driver aimed the bubbly at her face. Campaign group Object called for Hamilton to apologise for his'selfish and inconsiderate' behaviour. But Siying said: 'I was told by my employer to stand on the podium, and thats what I did' The Shanghai Institute of Visual Art graduate said she wasn't annoyed by his stunt.
Footage shows three-year-old Luiz Antonio from Brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table. But instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from. After more than two minutes of discussion, Luiz is told he doesn't have to eat the octopus and he can just stick to the potato and rice instead.
The suicides of five young sailors who served on the same base over two years has unearthed a shocking culture of ice taking, binge drinking, bullying and depression within the Australian Navy. The sailors were stationed or had been stationed at the West Australian port of HMAS Stirling off the coast of Rockingham, south of Perth. Their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths. Stuart Addison hanged himself while he was on-shore leave in 2011 and his father, Mark Addison, was faced with the tough decision to turn off his
Duncan Burton, 57, was released in November 2012 after 14-years behind bars. Burton was taken into custody on Wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years. Uber spokeswoman said on Monday that Burton had passed all the firms background checks before they allowed him to work under their name. According to Houston regulations someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive cabs.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott skolled a beer at an Australian Rules function on Saturday night. Anti-drinking campaigners said he was glorifying binge drinking. They said he should be setting an example that you don't have to drink heavily to be a 'true blue Aussie bloke' Health Minister Sussan Ley was quick to jump to Mr Abbott's defence saying there was 'nothing wrong' with his antics.
Libby Jane Wilson was enjoying a day out at a children's park in Chorley, Lancashire. The toddler was playing in a tunnel when a Jack Russell entered and attacked her. Her father heard her screaming and kicked the dog away before the owner fled the scene. Libby was left with two puncture marks on her face, one above her lip and one under her eye. Mother Christie Wilson says that the dog's owner didn't check if her daughter was hurt.
Evelin Mezei, 12, was last seen with unknown man on Romford Road, Stratford, last night. She was spotted with him at 10.30pm, an hour after her mother last saw her in East London. Youngster, who came to the UK six months ago, was traced this morning and is safe and well.
Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, 20, was arrested in Daytona Beach, Florida, at 1.30 a.m. on Tuesday. He was found sleeping on the beach, which is a violation of a local ordinance. Stancil 'walked into Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday and shot dead his former work-study supervisor Ron Lane, who was gay' Lane, who had worked at the college for 18 years, had recently been fired without notice. His mother has claimed Lane had'made inappropriate sexual advances' towards her son.
Sarah Brady, wife of former White House Press Secretary Jim Brady, died Friday from pneumonia at the age of 73. Mrs Brady and her husband campaigned against gun violence after her husband was shot by John Hinckley Jr. in 1981. Their advocacy helped lead to the passage of the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act in 1993, which has not been renewed. The former school teacher was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2000 and told she would not survive more than five years.
Ed Miliband was widely criticised for his robotic performance in last week's debate. Now it has emerged he was reading from motivational notes during leaders' clash. Labour leader urges himself to stay calm, never agitated and relish the chance to show who I am Scrawled notes give an insight into his mindset before he took to rostrum.
The four sisters at the centre of Australia's largest abduction case have come through the ordeal as happy and well-adjusted children. 60 Minutes has returned to the village near Florence where the girls have been living with their Italian Dad and interviewed the two elder girls, Emily and Claire Vincenti. 'They are elegant, gracious, reserved and studious,' 60 Minutes reporter Tara Brown told Daily Mail Australia. The girls are living positive and fruitful lives, attending school six days a week, talking about what they will study at university and going out with Italian boyfriends.
Group of 15 men arrested on suspicion of'multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate' after 12 Christians from Ghana and Nigeria were allegedly thrown into Mediterranean Sea. Survivors from the boat, made up of 105 migrants from diverse religions and ethnicities, have now claimed the men tried to throw other Christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion. But were prevented because they huddled together to create a human chain.
Robert Bates, 73, is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, 44, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. Sheriff Stanley Glanz and Bates' legal team have repeatedly produced records which they claim prove he was an 'advanced reserve' and had undergone 480 hours training. However, when asked to produce proof that Bates was certified to use three weapons, including the revolver he fired at Harris, the Sheriff's Office say they have been unable to find the paperwork. The office claims that the deputy who certified Bates has now moved on to work for the Secret
Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists. Mohamud's brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the Nusra Front, according to the indictment. Yet another brother, Abdiqani Aden, has also been arrested and after being accused of making a threatening gesture at a guard while visiting his brother in prison.
Shane Dunn, 25, met Ian Garrod, 55, on gay dating app Grindr. But when Mr Garrod sat on the bed, Dunn stabbed him in the throat. He then fled from the property with his victim's wallet, iPhone, iPad and jewellery. Dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent. Judge Jeremy Carey told Dunn he had narrowly decided against finding him dangerous.
Jade Ruthven, 33, of Perth, Western Australia, was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from 'a few of the girls' The note criticises her for posting too many photos of her six-month-old daughter Addison on Facebook. The author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views Jades Facebook posts. Jade and her friends responded by creating the hashtag #Addyspam and cheekily posting a stream of photos of the beautiful bub.
Last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades. Sales are expected to hit two million this year and UK's first official weekly vinyl chart has been established. Inaugural top spots in album rankings and two top places in singles list have been claimed by Noel Gallagher. Arctic Monkeys took the top spot for the biggest selling vinyl album of the decade.
Jondrew Lachaux, from Las Vegas, is married to the teenager's mother 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. They have six children together while the teen is from another relationship. Lachaux allegedly sexually assaulted the teenager and she had become pregnant. While they were on a road trip, the teen gave birth in her mom's bed - she did not have any medical help and did not take the newborn to the hospital. The teen ran out of food and began to suffer from malnutrition along with her baby. She stopped breastfeeding after two months because she was so undern
American Apparel is rethinking its marketing strategy after former CEO Dov Charney was ousted in December following a string of sexual harassment lawsuits. The Los Angeles-based company has a history of using sexually provocative ads to sell its clothing. Under new CEO Paula Schneider, the images have been significantly toned down as the brand rethinks its previous marketing strategy.
Kamron Taylor, 23, was caught in South Side, Chicago, on Friday night. He is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the Kankakee County Sheriff's Office. Taylor was awaiting sentencing for the murder of Nelson Williams Jr, 21, in June 2013. Escaped by beating a guard unconscious and stealing his uniform, keys and SUV on Tuesday. It came just days after he shouted at the victim's family in court: 'I'm going to get you mother*******'
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer for 96-year-old. Robbie Clark spent £50,000 of his life savings on home care for the past two years. He is blind, deaf in one ear and dependent on a wheelchair and uses a wheelchair. Help for Heroes has given Mr Clark an emergency grant to fund his care needs. But the charity has launched a JustGiving fundraising drive to keep him in his own home. They have so far raised £2,736.22 of the £5,000 needed
Max Verschuuren, 21, was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the Te Urewera forest, North Island, on Saturday night. His friend mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a.270 rifle. Grisly photographs snapped in hospital show the gaping, bloody wound it left. He tumbled down the hill he was perched on, falling into the bushes in a desperate attempt to escape any further bullets. 'I thought, "oh s***", and had all this blood dripping down my back
Major General James Post III has been formally reprimanded and removed from his job for telling a group of officers that talking to Congress in a bid to block retirement of the A-10 Warthog amounted to 'treason' An investigation of remarks by Major General Post III found that his words to some 300 airmen at Nellis Air Force Base on Jan. 10 may have had a 'chilling effect' on some of them, convincing them not to speak with lawmakers. The incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying, tank-killer aircraft.
Bonnie Doll is Australia's answer to Lara Croft in the gaming world. The 28-year-old Brisbane gamer has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform Twitch. Her channel has had almost one million views, with more than 8,000 followers on Instagram too. She used to work in hospitality, but quit when she started live streaming Call Of Duty. Bonnie's normal work hours are from 8am to 2pm, Monday to Friday.
Sylvia Freedman filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water's edge. 'Whenever the wind blew, the foam just felt like you were in a snow globe,' she said. She titled her videos 'foam party', 'I feel like Nigel Thornberry' and 'Beach gone. Path gone. No reception. Possibly about to be swept to sea' It comes as a second intense low pressure system, centred off the coast of the Hunter region, is predicted to bring heavier rains and more large seas and thunder
Cameron Hooker, 61, was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap, torture and rape of Colleen Stan. Stan was known as 'the Girl in the Box' after it was revealed that she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day during for much of her captivity. Despite Hooker's century-long jail term, he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules. California has recently introduced the Elderly Parole Program which allows a parole hearing from inmates older than 60 who have served at least 25 years. But the parole
Letterman was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on Monday. He made the off-colour joke after opening up questions to the floor of the studio. The host attempted to recover by telling graduates to 'eat salad' and 'always be nice' But several audience members branded the joke 'disrespectful to women'
Minutes of BBC Trusts February meeting revealed director general Tony Hall highlighted the fall. Average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to BBC radio in last three months. This was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier, when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours. Sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives.
The S300 rocket barely manages to take off before plummeting back down to earth. A small thud can be heard and debris flies off as the weapon makes feeble attempt to launch. Seconds later, the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover. The shaky camera returns to a massive plume of smoke and a loud explosion.
Disabled pensioner Alan Barnes was left too scared to return to his home in Gateshead. 67-year-old was knocked to the ground by mugger Richard Gatiss earlier this year. The crime shocked Britain and led to a fund being set up by Katie Cutler, 21, which raised £330,000. Mr Barnes, who is partially sighted and just 4ft 6in tall, was today handed the keys to his new home. He said it was 'lovely to get his independence back' after receiving donations from around the world. Richard Gatiss, 25, was
Staff canteen at Yeo Valley's headquarters in Blagdon, North Somerset, serves up high-quality meals for as little as £2. Executive chef Paul Collins has spent 20 years working at Michelin-starred restaurants. Dishes on offer include soft poached quail egg, deep fried polenta and fish cake with roasted cherry tomatoes. Most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away, meat comes from a local butchers and trout is fished from lake.
Roman Ehrhardt, a senior communications major at Mississippi State University, was secretly completing a project, in which he had to violate a societal norm. On Monday, he brought a George Foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich - while sitting in the front row of his class. One of his classmates shared a photo of him grilling his lunch on the grill, and it has since been retweeted nearly 1,000 times.
Chase Culpepper, 17, was born male but identifies as female. She regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women's clothing. After passing a driving test last year, she was told by officials at a DMV office in Anderson, South Carolina, to remove her makeup for her ID photo. DMV policy bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance. Culpepper and the Transgender Legal Defense and Education Fund, a New York legal defense group, sued the agency, calling the policy unconstitutionally vague.
General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, apologized to Debbie Lee. Lee's son Marc, the first Navy SEAL to die in Iraq, was killed in Ramadi in 2006. The 28-year-old was awarded the Purple Heart and Silver Star for his bravery. Dempsey wrote off the Iraqi city as 'not symbolic in any way' while discussing ISIS. He said: 'The issue isnt brick and mortar. It is about defeating ISIS. I would much rather that Ramadi not fall, but it will not be the end of a campaign' Lee
Boris Johnson and David Cameron joined forces to slam SNP plans to prop up Labour. London Mayor said it would mean 'truckfuls of taxpayers' dosh growling up the M1 to Scotland' SNP has declared it will never support the Conservatives in a hung Parliament. But it is ready to do a deal with Labour, even if it finishes in second place. First time since 1924 that a second-placed party has formed a government.
Prince George's first year boosted the economy by £247m. A little girl could bring in £150m for the British economy. The term 'The Prince George effect' was coined just three days after his birth. Within 48 hours of being seen for the first time, the £44.95 wrap had sold out, while traffic to the brand's website shot up by 1,960%.
Mikki Nicholson, 36, was born male but identified as a woman. She suffered daily verbal abuse in Carlisle, Cumbria, an inquest heard. Ms Nicholson had planned a move to Newcastle, where she hoped people would be more accepting. But she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing. Inquest heard she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death.
Kristina Karo claims Mila Kunis stole her pet chicken 'Doggie' as a child in Ukraine. Says she and Kunis were 'inseparable' growing up in Chernivtsi, 100miles from each other. Now living in Los Angeles, Karo is suing Kunis for $5,000 for emotional distress. Claims moving to LA has brought back bad memories and forced her back into therapy.
Jaclyn Methuen, 30, and Ryan Ranellone, 29, met on last night's episode of Married at First Sight. The newlyweds agreed to move to Astoria, Queens, because it was the halfway point between their two homes. Ryan traveled over three hours from his home in Long Island to spend the night at Jaclyn's New Jersey abode.
Doctors have warned against cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates. Australian nutritionist Susie Burrell has compiled a list of the five best and five worst breads. Tip Top 9 Grain and Helga's Lower Carb came highly recommended. Turkish breads can be one of the worst as people tend to eat it in higher quantities and fill it with more fibre. White sourdough, Turkish bread and Lebanese bread are among the best choices.
Handyman, 25, and girlfriend, in her late 30s, complained about loud sex six times. Neighbours in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, said they could hear the couple'moaning and screaming' The woman, who is now four months pregnant, said: 'I'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone' New York's 311 helpline recorded 133 complaints about noisy sex between January 1 2014 and February 12 2015.
Madison Avery Crotty, from San Diego, is seen screaming and crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation. In a new video posted online, the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as Thomas 'Buddy' starts his deep breathing technique. The crackling, deep-sea type sound is reminiscent of what Madison might have heard in the womb.
The video was made in response to anti-catcalling signs being put up around New York City. Patrick Jones of Buzz60 interviewed a number of women who said catcalling makes them feel 'horrible' and 'uncomfortable' One man, however, didn't seem to realize that the interview was meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling.
'English votes for English laws' would give English MPs effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents. Document seen as attempt by the Tories to tap into growing English nationalism. William Hague expected to warn that England risks being 'held to ransom' by SNP. Tory strategist: 'We have Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish manifestos - why not one for England?'
Sacha Whitehead, 26, received donations after posting a call to action on Facebook. The financial adviser spent the night with her sister Lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless. Whitehead admits she questioned her decision to leave the safety of her home at the peak of the storm. She is collecting more donations today and handing them out at a popup shelter in Milsons Point.
Mered Medhanie heard laughing about overloading migrant ships, a problem that causes them to capsize. He boasted: 'They say I put too many aboard, but they're the ones who want to leave in a hurry' Ermias Ghermay also showed callous disregard for the plight of his 'customers' Pair are among several traffickers wanted in connection with a major human smuggling ring.
Joseph Oberhansley, from Jeffersonville, Indiana, is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of Tammy Jo Harbin Blanton, 46, last September. On Tuesday, prosecutors asked for rape to be added to those charges and a judge will consider the request on May 4. Last year, prosecutors said they intended to seek the death penalty in the case. In 1998, he was convicted of manslaughter in the 1998 shooting death of his then-girlfriend, 17-year-old Sabrina Elder, in Salt Lake City.
Dozens of people fell ill at the Cooden Beach Hotel in Bexhill-on-Sea, East Sussex. Health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the 'winter vomiting bug' Owner James Kimber told MailOnline Travel the source of the illness has not been identified. Many of those who fell ill attended a wedding at the 41-room hotel on 11 April.
Xiaoming Gao, a Chinese translator, was accused of sharing government information with an alleged Chinese spy. An FBI affidavit from November 2014 that was recently unsealed reveals that Gao was paid 'thousands of dollars to provide information on U.S. persons and a US government employee' Gao also lived with another State Department employee who had top-secret clearance. The US attorney's office, who released the affidavit, declined to prosecute.
Clean Eating Alice has more than 102,000 followers on Instagram. She started sharing pictures of her healthy meals on the social media site a year ago. Now she trains in the gym up to six times a week and follows the LDN Muscle Bikini guide. Says she would love to bring healthy eating to the masses and be Jamie Oliver.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Elijah McKenna, 11, suffered two gashes on the back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his body after a pack of rottweilers mauled him Saturday. His sister, Alyssa, 9, ran outside to check on him when she heard his screams and saw the dogs biting him. The hearing-impaired boy was unable to stand up or walk on his own, so his little sister picked him up and carried him home. Alyssa and Elijah's mother, Rhianna Bravenec,
Amber Anderson, 27, has since been relieved of her duties at Christian Life Academy in Baton Rouge. She was booked into prison on Tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile. Anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during July and August of 2013. The victim told police that as time progressed, 'he and [Anderson] became extremely close to one another, and the messages began to become sexual in nature'
Best-selling interior designer Abigail Ahern is on a mission to spread her colourful ethos. In her new book Colour, she shares her top ten tips on how to be bold with colour. She says colour can 'excite, inspire, tantalise and calm, is second to none' The inspirational photographs in the book come from homes across the world.
Tidal's $19.99-a-month app launched in New York on 30 March. Following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the iOS music chart. It now ranks at 51 in the music category and 872 overall in the US. While in the UK the situation is worse with the app ranking at 92 and falling from the overall app list entirely. By comparison, Pandora radio and Spotify occupy first and second spots respectively when the iOS and Google Play downloads are combined.
Tracey Cox says that Gwyneth and Chris' amicable split is refreshing. She says there are lessons to be learnt from the couple on how to split amicably. Tracey says that although the split is admirable there are some aspects you should steer clear of.
The Cleveland 'house of horrors' survivors have written a book, Hope: A Memoir of Survival in Cleveland, which will be released on April 27. In an excerpt, published in People magazine this week, Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus recalled the years of rapes, torture and psychological games at the hands of Ariel Castro. Amanda wrote that she was confused by conflicted feelings towards him when he was kind to their daughter, whom she gave birth in captivity after being raped. Gina DeJesus, 25, also shared the details of her horrifying ordeal in a new memoir with Amanda Berry, being published
Karen Buckley, 24, went missing after a night out in Glasgow. Her body was found on a farm north of the city on April 16. Judge Nigel Cadbury said it was'very, very worrying' how young girls put themselves in such a 'vulnerable position' He was sentencing Leanne Roberts, 21, who had punched a woman outside a bar. Roberts was given a six-month community order and a six week curfew. Rape Crisis said Judge Cadbury's comments were 'insensitive'
Doris Fuller's daughter Natalie, 28, died last month after stepping in front of a train. She suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis, and was undiagnosed until her early 20s. Fuller has now written about how her daughter's illness drove her to suicide. Says her daughter was 'the bravest person I have ever known' and her death doesn't change that. Natalie and her mom shot to fame in 2004 when they wrote a parenting guide together. In it, Natalie was honest with her mom about whatever she was asked - and it became a bestseller
Prime Minister caught on camera joking about Alex Salmond pinching people's wallets. He made the comment as Phillip Schofield moved on to the next item on ITV's This Morning. Co-host Amanda Holden burst out laughing at the remark as the programme went to ads. In the interview, Mr Cameron admitted the 'close election' means he is not getting to see family as much as he would like.
System primed immune system to recognise, attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung, skin and bowel tumours. Early trials 'profoundly retarded' tumour growth in mice. Survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent. Scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first human trial.
Myer is holding a 75 per cent of designer label sale from Wednesday 22nd April. Australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late. The department store is understood to have brokered deals to stock international designer collections at the same time as European and American retailers. This move is said to be the influence of new chief Richard Umbers, in an attempt to revive Myer's Australian market.
Tennessee Judge Lila Statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her brutal take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as 'his hood' After O'Shae Smith told the judge that he shot a rival gang member for being 'in his hood', she had no problem telling him the area didn't actually belong to him. 'Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood, it's the citizens of the United States who own that because they work and pay taxes, you don't own that' Statom said she wanted to show Smith he wasn't 'in control everywhere
Long-haul travellers have never had more choice when it comes to making the most of a layover. From sun salutations in San Francisco to drinking at a swim-up bar in Iceland, airports are offering ever more diverse activities. Here, Mail Online Travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport.
Courtney Brain, 16, was taken out of school when she visited GP for treatment. Stunned when she returned to Skegness Academy to be told she must make up missed time. Mother Jane Burnham, 50, criticised'mind-boggling' decision to punish Courtney. School claimed detention was to give Courtney best chance of doing well in exams. But Mrs Burnham said she did not think the extra half-hour revision will make any difference to her overall grades.
Drone landed on roof of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's official residence in Tokyo. Police and bomb squad called in after member of his staff spotted the drone on the roof. Drone was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing traces of radioactive material. It is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country's nuclear policy. People in Japan have become increasingly wary about the number of nuclear power plants in the country.
Samantha Cameron visited Growing Zone, an allotment garden project in West Yorkshire. She was introduced to activities by June Perkin, who founded the scheme seven years ago. Mrs Cameron was campaigning with Conservative candidate Alec Shelbrooke in Elmet and Rothwell. Prime Minister's wife has made several solo appearances during the election campaign.
The Anthem of the Seas is the world's third largest cruise liner and can carry almost 5,000 passengers. The ship, which has 16 decks and a capacity of 5,200 passengers, sailed past its sister ship as it left Southampton Docks this afternoon. Both ships are owned by Royal Caribbean International and will be based in Southampton this summer and will sail around Europe. After the summer, the Anthem will move to New York and will become its permanent home and sail regularly to Bermuda, the Caribbean, Canada and New England. Meanwhile, the Explorer of Seas, which enjoyed its maiden voyage 15 years
Much of the comic book film, Avengers: Age of Ultron, was shot in Seoul, South Korea. Culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the Republic of Korea is shown as 'high tech' and'modern' Use of public funds in extreme case of product placement has been criticised by South Koreans. Officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film will lift the country's reputation out of the shadow of it's headline-grabbing northern neighbour.
Lian Doyle, 24, helped cover up the murder of Pennie Davis, 47, last year. Justin Robertson, 36, was paid £1,500 by the son of the victim's ex-lover. He killed Mrs Davis as she tended her horses in a field in the New Forest. Doyle, from Hythe, Hampshire, lied to police about disposing of his trainers. She thought he had worn them to carry out a burglary while wearing them. When she realised they were evidence in a murder inquiry, she confessed to what she had done. Robertson was jailed
Fake condoms made in makeshift workshop in run-down residential building in Shanghai. Police seized three million knock-off knock-offs thought to be worth £1.3m on black market. Lubricating oil used on the condoms was so disgusting that it made officers vomit. Heavy metals found in condoms include mercury, lead and arsenic, police said.
Mel Greig has started a blog post on her website titled 'Are we embarrassed of IVF?' She detailed how she was undergoing the treatment, and that it was nothing for women to be ashamed of. She also uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time as she began her IVF program. The radio host married her fiancé Steven Pollack at Byron Bay in November. But the couple's efforts to have a baby have been thwarted because she suffers from Endometriosis. In December 2012 she hit the headlines for her involvement in an infamous royal prank call.
Reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song. In a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing. And they were a third less likely than when chewing gum to 'hear' it. The results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts. Study was carried out by scientists at the University of Reading.
Delta Air Lines Flight 2522 landed at LaGuardia Airport in New York City. Crew noticed a'smoky odor in the cockpit' while taxiing to the gate. Passengers were kept on the plane for about 45 minutes. Plane was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary maintenance.
Will Hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as The Broke Backpacker. The 26-year-old British backpacker spends only US$100 a week on all of his expenses. He has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30. 'Venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries I have ever been to. You can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 beers for a dollar!' Mr Hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions, once at knife point, crashed
James Oatway took images of Mozambique national Emmanuel Sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in Alexandra township near Johannesburg on Saturday. He has been accused of not doing enough to prevent Mr Sithole's death. Photographer said it was vital for people to see the 'brutality and vulgarity' of anti-immigrant protests that are sweeping the country. Told how he tried to save victim by taking him to nearby medical centre but found it was closed because foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift. Four South African men accused of stabbing Mr Sith
Duchess of Cambridge revealed her baby is due'mid to late April' during a visit last month. But a well-placed source says the Duchess' real due date is today or tomorrow. The 25th is widely thought to be the date but it has never been officially confirmed. Prince William has completed his Air Ambulance pilot training earlier than expected. He will now avoid a two-hour dash from Norfolk to Norfolk to give birth to the baby.
Ben Affleck finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past. The Oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a 'Benjamin Cole' of Georgia, an ancestor on his mother's side, was the relative dropped from the PBS show about his family history. He said: 'Lots of people have been asking who the guy was. His name was Benjamin Cole - lived in Georgia on my Mom's side about six generations back' The admission suggests Affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor. Another was named today as James McGuire, who kept
Cruise ship Carnival Spirit has finally docked at Sydney's Overseas Passenger Terminal after being stranded at sea for two days. The ship, carrying 2,500 holidaymakers and 1,500 crew, was due to dock on Tuesday morning but Sydney Harbour was closed to traffic due to bad weather conditions. A Sydney harbour pilot finally boarded the ship this morning and the ship docked around 10am. Passengers have told how they were left seasick and traumatised by being on-board as huge waves smashed through glass panels and shattered plates and cups. 'Inside everyone was sick, it was really
The Duke of Edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his Australian knighthood by the Queen. The Queen presented the 93-year-old with the award on Wednesday at Windsor Castle. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott had recommended the Duke for the honour in January. Mr Abbotts announcement on Australia Day - celebrated on January 26 - prompted questions over the wisdom of knighting a British royal on a day meant to commemorate their countrymen. 'I stand by the decision. I understand why some people don't like it,' Mr Abbott said.
Kenny Hetrick, 72, had six tigers, a bear, a lion, a cougar, a black leopard and a liger taken from his Ohio farm in January. It was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were 'unsafe' Authorities have also started cracking down on the owners of wild creatures following an incident in 2011 where a man released 56 exotic animals - including lions and tigers - then killed himself. Hetrick allowed anyone to visit at no charge, getting by with donations of cash, as well as deer and horse meat to feed his animals.
Loretta Burroughs, 63, was sentenced to 55 years in prison for the murder and dismemberment of her husband, Daniel S. Burroughs. She was found guilty last month of stabbing her husband to death, dismembering him with a knife and a saw, packing the body parts into plastic containers, and dragging them with her as she moved three times in six years. The couple was due to move to Florida in 2007, but she told friends she didn't want to move there, which was her husband's idea, and that was her motive for killing him. Judge
Karen Reidy, 40, from Manchester, met Sakir Candan, 26, on holiday in Marmaris, Turkey. Met Sakir on a break after her mother's death and fell in love with him immediately. Slimmed from a dress size 22 to a size 12 and went from 19 stone to 11 stone during their relationship. But was heartbroken when she discovered that Sakir had been cheating on her. Discovered that he had been two-timing her with another woman. Both she and his other woman had been given the same souvenir mug from Istanbul.
Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders 'ignored the advice' of top QCs. Clare Montgomery QC and Eleanor Laws QC both advised her to charge the peer. Mrs Laws pointed to overwhelming evidence and horrific corroborating accounts provided by victims during the exhaustive police inquiry. But Mrs Saunders decided it was not in the public interest to put the Labour peer in the dock due to his advanced Alzheimer's.
Marissa Holcomb, who is five months pregnant with her fourth child, was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. A man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter, forcing Holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $400. However afterwards, Holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job. 'I just had a gun to me. I'm not paying the money,' she said.
The bowl cut is making an unlikely comeback thanks to Dumb And Dumber To. Barber shops have reported a 200 per cent surge in requests for the Nineties style. Men are queuing around the corner for their turn to get the snip. Celebrities including Rihanna, Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus have all had bowl cuts.
Jaime Hessel said driver cut across lanes and drove down a bus lane during the 35-minute journey from her East Williamsburg apartment to Midtown East. She was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs. Uber has since wiped the bill and offered to pay her the original $15 refund but Ms Hessel says she can't trust them with her new card details.
The 18-year-old is just 18 months younger than her older sister, Gigi Hadid, 19, who was named one of the World's Most Beautiful by People magazine earlier this week. Bella, who is described as an 'on-the-rise' model with a 'fascinating frame', is joined in the May issue of Elle magazine by fellow fashion star Hailey Baldwin.
Yvonne Ireland Evans terrorised Pauline Bruce and her family for seven years. The pensioners moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in Ludlow, Shropshire. But Yvonne turned on them when she found out Pauline had struck up a friendship with another neighbour. She would harass them with silent calls and taunted them about Tony's terminal cancer. Pauline Bruce said she was frightened for the lives of herself and her son John.
Aden Gould, 21, was banned from all 1,200 Sainsbury's stores after he opened speakers. He was also told to pay a £150'security fee' after he was seen testing them in a store. But the firm has now revoked the ban and waived the fine after his mother complained.
Ann Rule, 84, is known for many of her crime books, notably the 1980 bestseller The Stranger Beside Me based on serial killer Ted Bundy. She has been in declining health since 2013 after she broke her hip, she also suffers from periods of extreme confusion and is vulnerable to undue influence. Her son, Andrew Rule, 54, is accused of bullying her into giving him $23,327, according to court documents. He admitted to authorities that he blew the money given to him by his mother on gambling and strip clubs. Michael Rule, 51, who receives approximately $9,000 a month
Michelle Newman said all she heard was a 'pop' and looked up to see her son James' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in Las Vegas. The child had fallen out of the window, which had been propped open to let in the breeze, and died from his injuries. 'When I got to his side, he gave me one last smile and then went unconscious,' Mrs Newman said. On the ninth anniversary of his death Ms Newman visited James' grave with her two other children Spencer and Kierah to celebrate the life of their brother.
Paul Hellyer, who was a Canadian minister from 1963 to 1967, is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on UFOs. 'Much of the media won't touch [the documents]', he said during a keynote speech at the Disclosure Canada Tour at the University of Calgary. Hellyyer, 91, first went public with his belief in aliens on Earth in 2005. He is the first high ranking politician to publicly state that aliens are real.
Amateur photographer Nicolas Locatelli, 20, snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above Briones Regional Park, in California. Captured at dusk the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the fire breathing dragon slain by St George. Image went viral on Reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network.
Shannon Carter, 21, jailed for three-and-a-half years for attacking stranger with stiletto. She repeatedly struck 20-year-old Amelia Gledhill with the shoe during night out in Bradford. Row broke out between two of Carter's friends earlier in the evening in a nightclub. Carter then followed victim into toilets and carried out 'unprovoked' attack, court heard. Victim left traumatised and is still having problems with her eyesight and eyesight.
Arthur Townsend, 92, poured product over Mercedes Sprinter belonging to Martin Carter - the son of his friend Olive Carter, 96. Townsend carried out attack after becoming angry with Mr Carter, who he believed was making his mother stay at home to sign for packages. Retired antiques restorer was given a lift to Mr Carters address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van, causing more than £2,000 of damage.
Princess Beatrice is in Florence for the Condé Nast International Luxury Conference. Met Karl Lagerfeld, Suzy Menkes and Tory Burch at the Palazzo Vecchio yesterday. Last night, she enjoyed a lavish party with David Lauren, son of Ralph Lauren. Beatrice has been criticised for the amount of time she spends jetting abroad.
Robert Butler, 43, was transported inside a shipping container from Bannister House in Providence, Rhode Island to the Eleanor Slater Hospital in Cranston. The operation took almost seven hours on Sunday and involved the Providence and Cranston fire departments, Lifespan, the Hospital Association of Rhode Island and Bay Crane Northeast. In 2006, Mr Butler, who is on permanent disability, said his bed was broken at the nursing home and he was not receiving proper care. At the time, he weighed 900lbs and was trying to find a doctor to perform a gastric bypass.
Heartbroken girlfriend dumped his iMac, iPhone, iPad and accessories in the bath tub. She then took photos of the gadget Jacuzzi, and sent them to him. Clearly feeling little remorse for his sins and perhaps looking for sympathy, the unnamed man Tweeted the pics to his account @foolishnessfly2. Retweeted more than 15,400 times, the response has been mixed.
Lt.Dan was born without a paw and fellow breeders suggested to his original owner that he should be put down because he might be too sick to live. Original owner Karen Riddle was determined to find him a home with someone with special needs. Sapphyre Johnson, 3, who is missing both of her feet had to have her feet amputated when she was just three-months-old. 'He's a special dog and he's going to a special child,' said Elaine Hardin who works at Shriners Hospital.
Alondra Luna Nunez, 14, was taken from her family in Guanajuato, Mexico, by federal police officers working for Interpol last week. She was sent to live with Dorotea Garcia, a Houston woman who claimed she was her long-lost daughter Alondra, who was illegally taken from Texas by her father in 2007. Garcia convinced authorities that she was the girl despite her family's pleas and the fact that they produced a birth certificate, baptismal documents and family photographs of Alondara as a small child. A judge ignored her parents' pleas
The graphic was made on the East Coast feed of the morning show and was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online. Today had interviewed 70-year-old Michaels for a story Matt Lauer did on a New York gathering for people listed by TIME magazine as the 100 most influential in the world. The thrice married father-of-three made up part of the Titans category on the list compiled by TIME.
Gayla Neufeld, 52, struggled to deal with her family's unusual legacy of piling weight around the midriff for years. Aged eight, Gayla already weighed a whopping 13st and continued to pile on more weight in her teens. Gayla married at 19 and embarked on a mission to battle the bulge. However, her husband was embarassed by her size and they divorced in 1999. At rock bottom she discovered an online community of obese women calling themselves SSBBWs. These curvaceous women were worshipped by legions of men calling themselves 'fat admirers
LAX in Los Angeles and Hurghada International Airport in Egypt feature on the list. LaGuardia Airport in New York has been named the most frustrating airport in North America. London Luton scored an abysmal 91 out of 100 in Businessweek's survey of travellers.
Geoff Barrow says he was paid just £1,700 in royalties despite 34million plays. Accuses streaming services of giving music away to younger artists. Says he has nothing against streaming, but wants musicians to be paid more. Artists have long railed against the low royalties paid from streaming companies. Jay Z launched his own streaming service, Tidal, last month in a bid to give artists a better deal.
A third of adults shun the storage possibilities of the internet and still keep important papers in a shoebox. Ten per cent are even more relaxed about treasured photos, letters and mementos  leaving them lying around in piles of paperwork. Only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online, while just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer. Almost half (45 per cent) rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents.
Shaun Bryan, 23, was the intended target of the shooting which paralysed Thusha Kamaleswaran. The five-year-old was playing in the aisle of her uncle's shop in Stockwell, south London. She was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine. Bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a 'ruthless attack' in their home. He and Gino Sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones, a laptop and
Neanderthals died out around 40,000 years ago after surviving for hundreds of thousands of years through much of the last ice age. They are often depicted as dim-witted evolutionary losers, but they were not driven to extinction by their lack of brains. Instead, it is more likely that they disappeared because of interbreeding and assimilation with our early modern human ancestors, scientists believe. Researchers at Boston University and the University of Bath used computer models to simulate how Neanderthals' metabolic costs would have changed depending on their use of fire. Found that without fire, a group of Neander
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said ISIS is recruiting'misfits' around the world. He said the network is made up of'very young, violent and mentally ill' extremists. Mr Rowley warned of a'step-change' in the scope and scale of terror threats. More than 600 British jihadists have travelled to join ISIS, with half returning to the UK. But 50 per cent did not have terror links before flying to Syria, he said.
Moses Yitzchok Greenfeld, 19, from Stamford Hill, London, got into difficulty. Eyewitness said seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend. It is thought Mr Greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water. His body was found five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water's edge.
Angie Donohue has spoken out about her husband Daryl Scott's plot to have her killed. The Tasmanian woman said he tried to hire someone to kill her, not once, but twice. Donohue stalked and terrorised her before trying to hire various people She said he became increasingly possessive, always checking her whereabouts and dictating exactly what she could and could not do. After the birth of their son, she was about to leave her controlling husband when he pleaded that he would change. He then stooped to a new low, striking his
Blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up. They include leaving conversations about the dating app Tinder to evenings with your friends, and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on Facebook. And finally, leave the Google Glass at home, as recording your companion for post-date analysis isn't likely to get you a second date.
Lucy Southern worked for Britannia Hotels in Leeds as a waitress for eight months in 2013. Claims she was quizzed about her sex life and groped by her boss Alex Nkoroi. The line manager asked her if she wore stockings in bed and slapped her bottom. She complained but feared her hours would be cut because of his'sexualised behaviour' Tribunal awarded her £19,500 compensation for injury to her feelings at employment tribunal.
Churchill Downs is inviting John Sutton Jr, 84, to attend the Kentucky Derby as their special guest on May 2, since he has attended every race for the past 76 years. Sutton was just 8 years old in 1940 when his father brought him to his first race, and the two bet against the favorite on a horse called Gallahadion, which ended up winning. Every year since then, Sutton has attended the Derby and has collected each year's program from the race, which he keeps in a binder at home. He also has Derby glasses from the more than seven decades he has
Scientists at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee swabbed stuffed animals. They found that soft toys brought into the operating theatre by children served as a breeding ground for bacteria. Researchers urged parents to wash and sterilise their child's toys before bringing them into the theatre, to help minimise the risk of infection.
Hamayun Tariq, a divorced father-of-two, shared images of bomb-making factory on Twitter. The 37-year-old shared four images of high-tech room where he makes IEDs in Syria. Parts are seen organised on shelves and bomb-makers' manuals neatly laid out on work surfaces. Tariq - who uses nom de guerre Abu Muslim al-Britani - has methodically arranged the room into areas for building bombs and areas to check their function. He claims to have encountered up to 40 other British nationals in his first seven weeks
Maickel Melamed, 39, has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move. But he didn't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am Tuesday morning. The athlete, who has completed four other marathons, said Boston's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24, but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going. 'I'd rest 10 seconds, then take four to six steps,' Melamed said.
David Cameron will today promise an extra 600,000 free childcare places. The Prime Minister will say the cost of childcare has become a major barrier to work. He will say that the Tories want to reward hard work with 30 hours of free childcare a week. Mr Cameron will argue that 'compassion isn't giving people a benefits cheque'
Carphone Warehouse's mobile network launches in May and will offer free roaming in 22 countries, including the US, Australia and across Europe. Firm's boss told MailOnline the aim is to offer features that customers want, including 12-month contracts and affordable 4G handsets. The iD network will use Three's existing infrastructure to offer these networks and plans. Full range of plans and offers will be announced as they become available. An example plan offers the Samsung A3 on a £19.50-a-month plan with 300 mins, 5,000 texts and 1 GB data.
The unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise's Facebook account where it was 'liked' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it. Facebook users were quick to ridicule the Hogs Breath, located north of Brisbane, for the embarrassing mistake. Hog's Breath Cafe general manager Ross Worth said he had taken immediate action to make sure an instance like this will never happen again.
The reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students. In U.S. schools last year, almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault, nearly a third of them women. Twitter furor ignited by the April SNL skit in which a male judge fist-bumps a boy who had sex with his 'hot' teacher indicates how attitudes are changing.
Norway will be the first country to switch off its FM radio service in January 2017. The switch to digital radio could save the country £17 million a year. Growing numbers of car stereos now come with digital radio as standard, leading to a drop in FM listeners. Digital radios account for 37.9% of all listening hours in the UK and 85% in the US.
California firm said it will announce a 'home battery' and a'very large utility scale battery' in a letter sent to investors. The event will be held at Tesla's Hawthorne, California, Design Studio on April 30 at 8pm PT. It is likely to build on the power packs used in Tesla's range of electric cars such as the Model S. Tesla's billionaire founder last month fuelled speculation by saying it 'not a car' and added the product will be revealed.
Nicholas Connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the Houston Rockets and Dallas Mavericks NBA playoffs game on Tuesday night. One of his favorite NFL players, Houston Texans defensive lineman J.J. Watt, was watching from the sidelines. When Nicholas finished, the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him - and the heartwarming moment was caught on camera.
173 lots include Issa dress worn by Kate Middleton for her engagement photos. 50 designer handbags, 50 pairs of shoes and 50 shoes worn by Carrie and Samantha in Sex And The City. Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Gucci, Mulberry, Ferragamo and Manolo Blahnik will all go under the hammer. House & Son Auctioneers in Bournemouth, Dorset, will sell them on April 28.
Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday that the former Hewlett-Packard CEO will announce her candidacy on May 4. Fiorina's spokeswoman told Daily Mail Online that she's 'not confirming the WSJ story' She would be the fourth Republican woman in the presidential race, following Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Marco Rubio and Sen. Rand Paul. She is scheduled to make the rounds in the same early presdiential primary states where other likely presidential hopefuls have turned up. Her next book, 'Rising to the Challenge: My Leadership Journey,' is due out May 5.
Use lemon juice to add a sun-kissed glow to your hair before heading out in the sun. Add solar cells to your beach reader to power it up with solar power. Pop your water-clogged ears by blowing up a balloon after getting out of the pool. Store your valuables in an empty sun cream bottle to keep them safe from sand.
More than a third of NHS trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery. The criteria for accepting patients for operations would be based on their Body Mass Index, which measures obesity. Obese patients could be denied varicose vein treatment, hip and knee replacement, and breast reduction surgery, while smokers could be banned from having IVF on the NHS.
As a candidate for president in 2008, Obama promised to use the term to describe the mass murder if elected but has not followed through. As a senator and presidential candidate, Obama did describe the killings of Armenians as genocide. But he has never used that description since taking office, mainly out of deference to Turkey, a key U.S. partner. Historians estimate up to 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks during World War I. Turkey, however, denies that the deaths constituted genocide because it was not an ethnic-driven battle.
Claire Sweeney, 44, gave birth to son Jaxton in September. Admits she has struggled to regain her pre-baby figure and is a size 12 to 14. Has turned to celebrity hypnotherapist Susan Hepburn to help her shed two stone. Hepburn helped Lily Allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 back in 2009.
Magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week, adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather. But the fine weather by much of the country is set to be replaced by April showers this weekend, with forecasters warning Britons 'not to put the cagoules away just yet' Parts of northern Scotland could even see daytime temperatures drop to 10C by Monday, and there is a chance of snow on higher ground. Tomorrow will be another fine day for many places, although it will be cloudy to start in central and eastern areas.
Zachary Cain Stickler, 34, had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in February in Redding, California. He had pleaded not guilty to the charges on Friday, and appeared in court on Monday. On Saturday, he texted friends and family that he was distraught and planned to kill himself. Stickler crashed his Cessna plane into a field in Millville, California, on Saturday morning. Authorities say there was no indication he wanted to hurt anyone else.
London-based app firm SwiftKey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data. It looked at how 16 different languages and regions use the tiny icons. Happy faces, including winks, kisses, smiles and grins were the most popular across all regions. Sad faces were in second place followed by hearts, which includes all colours of hearts and the broken heart emoji. Hand gestures such as thumbs up, clapping hands and the peace were in fourth, followed by romantic emoji, such as the lipstick kiss mark, love letter and couple kissing. All languages were found to be more positive than negative
Erica Avery was cuffed and hauled out of a Broward County courtroom Tuesday after being accused of using the internet. Prosecutors said photos of the 17-year-old were posted to social media and one of them shows her using a smart phone. On Tuesday, Avery's attorney told the court it was her sister, not Avery, who sent the victim messages. Avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in Hollywood, Florida.
Teng Jiazhi or 'Uncle Teng' started taking selfies with passengers ten years ago. The 58-year-old from Shenyang, North China, uploads them to a popular social media site. He handpicked 6,402 selfies from his collection for the Shanghai Big World Jinisi Record The popular driver has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires.
Abi Gordon-Cody creates gruesome injuries using special effects and prosthetics. The 26-year-old from Droitwich, Worcestershire, has almost 3,000 followers on Instagram. Her gory recreations have earned her a loyal following of almost 3000 followers. She was inspired to go into stage make-up by her theatrical family.
Ukip leader was interviewed on the seafront at Deal, Kent, where he grew up. He described his childhood of 'youthful excess' but gave few details of his nights out. Revealed he 'did a bit of skinny dipping and a few things like that in the middle of the night' Also discussed his battle with testicular cancer, keeping his children out of the public eye. Insists he has no plans to quit, despite suggesting he would stand down if he does not win Thanet South.
Alice Barker, 102, used to dance with the likes of Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly. She had danced at legendary clubs like the Apollo, Cotton Club and Zanzibar Club. But she had never gotten the chance to watch herself dance on film. David Shuff, who met Barker years ago at her retirement home, helped locate and reunite the one-time famous dancer with three of her'soundies' The videos were filed under 'Baker', a misspelling of her name, which was why no one had been able to find them before.
Cengiz Guven is the supervisor of site security at Lone Pine, the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second Australian dawn service on Anzac Day. The 30-year-old security manager from Istanbul has protected Russell Crowe, Naomi Campbell and Aerosmith rocker Steve Tyler. More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are expected to attend the Anazc Commemorative site at Gallipoli. Nearly 4000 national and paramilitary police, and at least 1000 Turkish soldiers will be on duty when the memorial sites are locked down.
Eloise Aimee Parry, 21, from Shrewsbury, died after taking eight of the pills. She 'burned up from within' after taking them despite being a normal weight, her mother said. The yellow chemical 2,4-Dinitrophenol (DNP) is used to suppress plant growth and as an explosive. It has been linked to at least 62 deaths worldwide and is illegal to sell for human consumption. Dozens of websites advertise DNP as a fat-burning wonder drug and promise next-day delivery.
250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction, agriculture and leisure. Separate study found there was a'macho culture' in some parts of the construction industry. Two thirds of workers spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn.
Rajpal Singh, 34, went to a hospital in India complaining of a stomach ache. An endoscopy revealed he had swallowed 140 coins, 150 nails, nuts, bolts and batteries. He had also gulped down screws, nails and magnets over a three year period. Doctors have carried out more than 240 endoscopies to remove the objects. But Mr Singh will still need another operation to remove all the metal from his stomach.
Lib Dem leader says Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal 'truly odious' views. Warns 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling 'increasingly hapless' Tory leadership. Condemns David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home' Accuses Farage of 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines and 'lurching from one gaffe to the next' Admits his wife Miriam only lets him do the washing up and he is 'not a very good cook' Wife and sons have
Anna James, 32, has vowed to defy the school's ban on taking her children to the 'Obby 'Oss celebrations' The annual May 1 celebration is a centuries' old tradition, involving music and dancing through the streets. Mrs James said she would take the consequences of any police action to take her children Ethan, 11, Piran, 5, Sophia, 8, and four month old baby Faith to the event. The school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013.
Steve Spowart helped the horses' owner, Sonia Sharrock, to lead the animals to safety near Dungog, in the NSW Hunter region. The town received the most rainfall it had in 100 years on Tuesday. Three people died in the severe weather and four houses were washed away. NSW Premier called on flood victims to 'hang tough' on Wednesday morning.
Holly Nicole Solomon, now 31, pleaded guilty to aggravated assault for running over her husband Daniel with her Jeep in Mesa, Arizona. She originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct. Solomon, who was six months pregnant at the time, will now serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal. Husband Daniel Solomon, 36, was taken to hospital in critical condition with shattered pelvis and a torn artery after the incident.
Robert Preston Boardwine provided his friend Joyce Rosemary Bruce with sperm. She fell pregnant after several 'tries' using his sperm in 2010. Pair fell out when she rejected his suggestion for a name for their son. Boardwine wanted to be more involved in the child's life, but Ms Bruce wanted him to be only 'as involved as her other friends', a lower court was told. Virginia Court of Appeals ruled Boardwine is more than a sperm donor.
'Climate change can no longer be denied. It cant be edited out,' he said this afternoon in a speech at Everglades National Park commemorating Earth Day. 'Thats why Ive committed the United States to lead the world in combatting this threat,' Obama said. He threw a spotlight on his administration's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions. The president said the fallout from rising temperatures is 'not a problem for another generation' 'This is a problem now. It has serious implications for the way we live right
Sharon and Nick Chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of IVF and one failed egg donor attempt. A call-out on their local radio station put them in touch with Shannon Mann, who already has a two-year-old son, Lucas. The Chalwells are equally as excited to have their egg donor's assistance, and hope this may help them realise their dream.
Giant internal organ reportedly weighed 6lbs (2.7kg) and was 20 times bigger than it should have been. It was extracted from a 45-year-old man suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) This condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys, so they expand in size. Normally, healthy kidneys weigh between 125g and 170g in men - less than half a pound. The patient was diagnosed with ADPKD, which is potentially lethal, last year. A week after his initial operation, a second kidney
Advisers to President Tomislav Nikolic described being 'thrown around the cabin' when the plane began tumbling through the air. The plane landed safely back in Belgrade, but Nikolic was forced to cancel his official visit to meet Pope Francis in the Vatican. An investigation determined that the co-pilot, Bojan Zoric, had spilled coffee on the instrument board 'due to ongoing turbulence'
£2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs. Can remove spots, improve skin texture and enhance eyes with the app. You can also fix grey hair, reshape your face and even fill in bald patches. FEMAIL's Bianca London, Anucyia Victor and Martha Cliff tested it out to trim down their figures.
ASIC took action against Aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores. Aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge, as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made. Some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at registers are in tiny print. An ALDI spokeswoman said it has always charged credit card surcharges to 'cover the costs associated with
The Trussell Trust said that 1 million people are being fed from food banks. The figures were seized on by Labour and the TUC as'shocking' evidence that millions need emergency food because of low pay, the so-called bedroom tax, and stopped benefits. Tory benefits chief Iain Duncan Smith dismissed the figures as 'unverified' He said the best way to help families was to get people into work.
Austin Hatfield, 18, found the venomous water moccasin, also known as a cottonmouth, near his Wimauma home last week. He'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend. Hatfield was rushed to a Tampa hospital in critical condition. The snake had to be captured and euthanized in order to ensure proper identification.
Omar Hallak, principal of Al-Taqwa College in Melbourne, reportedly bans his female students from running. Former teachers of the school have sent a letter to state and federal education ministers. They claim Mr Hallak believes there is'scientific evidence' to back his claims. The Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority is currently investigating the allegations.
The league expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from Alzheimer's disease or moderate dementia someday. The settlement approved on Wednesday by a federal judge in Philadelphia would pay them about $190,000 on average. Senior US District Judge Anita Brody approved the deal on Wednesday after twice sending it back to lawyers over concerns the fund might run out. About 200 NFL retirees or their families have rejected the settlement and plan to sue the league individually.
Lucas Hinch, 37, was cited for discharging a firearm within city. limits after officers responded to a'shots fired' call early on. Monday evening. He told officers he had not realized he was breaking the law. 'I just had it,' he said.
Seven von Trapp family lederhosen and dresses from the 1965 classic are going up for auction at Nate D. Sanders on April 30. The flamboyant regalia is made by Maria - played by Julie Andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings drab uniforms. They are expected to fetch $800,000 when they are auctioned off at the auctioneer's website. Jennifer Lawrence's outfits from one of her earliest films, The Burning Plain, are also being sold.
Gangs operating in UK with 'impunity' due to EU free movement rules, report warns. Human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the UK, including in Slovakia. Vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages. 'Customers' request women with EU passports so they can make them pregnant. They then claim they have a human right to a family life in UK to raise the child. Centre for Social Justice report is based on interviews with senior police and officials.
Map shows which Premier League club is the most popular according to Twitter followers. Arsenal are most popular in the world with 5.6million followers, followed by Chelsea (5.4m) and Manchester United (4.8m) Liverpool dominate the UK but Manchester United edge out Chelsea in Asia and North America. The map was created by looking at the official Twitter accounts for each team. Using the 'Zoom to' function fans can also look at any country around the world.
A five-year-old Iranian girl is living in fear of being sent back to Nauru. She has been prescribed anti-depressants and has self-harmed by swallowing shampoo and nails, her lawyer says. The girl's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing form the military police in Iran. Lawyer John Lawrence will lodge an injunction in the Federal Court against the Department of Immigration to block the family's return.
24-year-old, named locally as Sid Ahmed Ghlam, shot himself in leg on Sunday. Arrested by anti-terrorist officers in 13th arrondissement in southern Paris. Police found Arabic documents mentioning ISIS and Al Qaeda at his home. Also found evidence he was in contact with a man in Syria 'who asked him to target a church' Sunday's arrest came just hours after murder of Aurelie Chatelain, 33. She was riddled with bullets as she sat in her car in a Paris suburb. Investigators reportedly claim DNA evidence links Ghlam to her murder.
Noaa Fisheries in Maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered. They want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations. Ten of these will be 'not at risk', two 'threatened' and two still 'endangered' It follows a conservation'success story' that raised numbers to 90,000. However, experts have warned that the reclassification is premature, and risks seeing numbers worldwide dropping to endangered levels again.
Scientists in Belgium say all sweet potatoes contain 'foreign DNA' Agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species. This makes sweet potatoes a 'natural genetically modified organism' And humans have been eating it for thousands of years. The transgenic process is similar to the artificial process induced by humans. But the difference is that we can control the man-made process, while the natural process is out of our hands.
European Commission antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said Gazprom was barring EU clients from selling on its gas to other. states. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the charges were 'absolutely unacceptable' Gazprom is a vital supplier of energy to. Europe despite the EU's frequent political disputes with Moscow.
Samantha Rawcliffe, 40, suddenly lost all control of her body and crashed her car. She blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident on shock. But days later she was also repeatedly wetting herself and losing control of the bladder. Tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term for a wide variety of neurological symptoms that doctors cannot explain. Mrs Rawcliffe is now confined to her house, unable to walk and relies on a mobility scooter. Each day she has to take a cocktail of 32 different drugs to prevent choking and tremors.
Police have arrested a 27-year-old man who tried to flee the area after officers found a woman's body in the boot of the car he was driving. The man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue Hyundai Getz car on the Bermagui to Tathra Road in the Bega Valley, on the far south coast of NSW, just after 8.30pm on Wednesday. But on Thursday evening 7 News captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police. 'Show me your hands!' the arresting police officer screamed at the man. He did as he was told and
Ricky Woolaston, 35, dressed in uniform bearing University of Birmingham logo. He pretended to be a maintenance engineer to break into students' homes and steal laptops. But he was caught after breaking into bio-sciences lab and leaving behind old police charge sheet. It contained his name and address and police were able to pin him down to five burglaries. Woolaston has now been sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to five offences.
Gregg Manderson, 68, of St Paul, Minnesota, first sought medical help after he got Twinkle Twinkle Little Star trapped inside his mind last May. He has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show Cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years. Dr Khalaf Alla Bushara of the Minneapolis VA Medical Center is trying to help cure Manderson by playing the song repeatedly in hopes that he will tune it out.
Matthew Riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber's drink at The Roof Gardens in Kensington in August 2 last year. The 29-year-old, from Epsom in Surrey, appeared at Isleworth Crown Court today. Judge Martin Edmunds QC told Riches his trial would take place on August 10. He was then released on bail but banned from attending the nightclub.
Charlotte Blakeway was found dead in the bath at her home in Shropshire. The 17-year-old had suffered an epileptic fit and was found in the family home. She had been studying film, performance, English and sociology at Shrewsbury sixth form. Friends have taken to Facebook to pay tribute to the 'bright and enthusiastic' student. Her mother Elizabeth said her daughter was studying music and drama at sixth form and dreamed of becoming an actress.
Hayley Carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition. She will then move to live with her fiancee in Plymouth, Devon, later this year. Ms Carney, formerly known as Robert, said she has been dreaming of a life in Britain since reading books about it as a child. The American intends to move to the UK and search for a job before applying for a visa.
Don the border collie took control of a tractor while owner was tending to a lamb. He leaned on the controls before driving it on to the M74 near Abington in South Lanarkshire. The tractor smashed through a fence before colliding with central reservation barrier. Don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks on the motorway.
Robbie Knievel, 52, was speeding in an SUV on Tuesday evening when he rear-ended a Honda and set off a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars. He drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking a block away. Officers noticed he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol but he refused to take a breath test so they got a warrant for a blood sample. Knievel has admitted to being an alcoholic and pleaded guilty to DUI in South Dakota in August 2013 and was given a suspended jail sentence.
Of the 446 people on board the Italian rescue vessel, the navy said 59 of them were children. They were dropped off in the Sicilian port of Augusta today after their smuggler boat was picked up off the coast of the Italian mainland. Their parents had gambled everything to seek a new life in Europe and on this occasion they were lucky it didn't end in tragedy. The same couldn't be said for the 900 men, women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on Sunday in one of the biggest maritime disasters since the end of World War Two.
William Smith was just 15 when he fell in love with Marilyn Buttigieg, then 44. The couple, from Crawley, West Sussex, shared their first date and kiss in 2005. They came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap. But they feel they have proved their critics wrong because they are still together. Grandmother-of-eight Marilyn, now 54, said: 'The age gap doesn't matter'
Dr Christopher Valentine, 52, was sacked from a sexual health clinic nine years ago. He was hauled before the General Medical Council for photographing patients. His behaviour was branded 'inappropriate' but he was not struck off. Married doctor went to work at an NHS service for drug addicts and alcoholics. But he was caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his iPod Touch. Fitness to practice hearing took place at the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service.
University of Illinois scientists have created the first 3D simulation of merging black holes in a disk. It shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide. Material swirls around the objects in a quasar and jets fire out from the poles. Gravitational waves - ripples in space-time - are also predicted to be created by the merger, while electromagnetic energy is blasted into space. Comes after two black holes were found to be seven years from merging.
The hysterical Real Housewife broke down in tears and went into full meltdown as observers revealed she bolted from the room where Dr Phil had offered to help place her in a top treatment program. Witnesses in the hallway heard her scream 'F***', and other obscenities when she ran out of the room and down the hall. Richards, 50, was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication, trespassing, resisting an officer and battery on a police officer following a drunken incident at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
The UCO Stormproof Matches are made using an incredibly tough coating that smoulders no matter what happens to them. They can burn again once they come into contact with oxygen. The matches have to go through rigorous testing to make sure they keep alight in even the most difficult situations. Made by UCO which has been making outdoor accessories for the past 44 years.
Hillary Clinton flew first class from Boston to Washington, D.C. Tuesday night after wrapping up a two-day New Hampshire campaign trip. 'Mrs. Clinton, when are you going to start talking to the press about Benghazi?' Daily Mail Online asked her in the Washington Reagan National Airport terminal. The usually garrulous and broad-smiling Clinton stared straight ahead, continued walking alongside her Secret Service and local police escorts, and said nothing. Moments earlier, she answered a question about why her taxpayer-funded security detail had sped at 80 MPH past exits for the smaller Manchester, New Hampshire
Yom Hazikaron - or Memorial Day - is held the day before Israel's independence day. Under law all places of entertainment, including cinemas, theatres and nightclubs are closed. Many Israelis attend memorial services for relatives and friends who have died in conflict. In total, Israel remembers 23,320 fallen since 1860 in fighting for the national cause.
Noise-induced hearing loss is one of the most common work-related illnesses. US Department of Veterans Affairs reported hearing loss among veterans. Scientists at the University of Southern California believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition. They have identified a gene, named Nox3, found in the inner ear, that determines how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss.
Palaeontologists at the University of Bristol found that male and female stegosaurus had different shaped plates running along their backs. It raises the prospect that the dinosaurs used its giant bony protrusions, which could reach up to 2.5 feet, to attract a mate. The research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled experts for decades. Some had been baffled by differences between the shape of the plates on some fossils - leading some to believe they were different species. But new CT scanning has shown that the bones were not morphing into one or the other. This
Ukip leader said'millions' of refugees could arrive on boats in Europe over next few years. He urged David Cameron to resist pressure for Britain to take in refugees. Up to 30,000 migrants, including 2,500 children, could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled. Australia sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach Australia.
BBC2 boss Kim Shillinglaw said Clarkson 'will be back' on the BBC but not Top Gear. She insisted there was 'no ban on Jeremy being on the corporation after what happened' Clarkson was unceremoniously sacked from motoring show Top Gear just last month. He pulled out of his appearance on Have I Got News For You, which was due to be filmed this week. But she refused to say who would be replacing him and said female candidates are being considered.
Laura Eugenia Smith, 35, has been charged with DUI, child endangerment and public intoxication. Police say a witness noticed the girl driving Smith's car with Smith sitting in the passenger seat. The girl was released to her mother and the Department of Child Services were notified. It is unclear whether Smith and the girl are related.
Authorities in El Salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time. In all 1,177 Barrio 18 members were transferred from Izalco jail to San Francisco Gotera penitentiary in an effort to curb gang violence. Barrio 18 gang members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the MS-13 gang. The policy of mixing the gangs together came about when officials realised that gangs were directing criminal activity from within prison walls. So far this year, gang members have been blamed for killing 20 police officers, two soldiers
Raquel D'Apice, a comedian and mother-of-one from New Jersey, created Yelp Reviews of Newborns, an entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today. She came up with the idea of the parody posts after she was searching for something on Yelp and realized that there were reviews for everything except babies.
Belle Gibson has admitted she never had cancer in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. 'None of it is true,' she said, during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the magazine. Gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness but thought it was'responsible thing to do' The Whole Pantry founder said she feared for her family's safety. She said her partner, Clive Rothwell, was sticking by her in spite of the controversy. Authorities told Daily Mail Australia at the beginning of April that Ms Gibson is still facing an investigation.
Ancient papyrus found in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt, contains hangover cure. Written in Greek, it recommends stringing leaves of a shrub called Alexandrian chamaedaphne, or sometimes Alexandrian laurel, together and wearing it around the neck. Text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol, but it is not known if it had any effect. It is one of 24 new medical texts that are the latest to be translated.
Graeme Finlay, 53, is accused of attacking Ronald and June Phillips on cruise ship. He claims he acted in self-defence after being attacked by 70-year-old Ron Phillips. Mr Phillips, who uses a crutch because of a hip-replacement operation, suffered facial injuries and his wife two fractured vertebrae. Finlay denies charges of unlawful wounding and assault causing grievous bodily harm.
Cetaphil Gentle Cleanser is fragrance and soap free and contains just eight ingredients. Dermatologists developed it for people with highly sensitive skin so it is often favoured by ezcema and psoriasis sufferers. It currently costs £6.74 at Boots and is stocked in pharmacies such as Lloyds and online on Amazon.
Monica McDermott, 41, could not walk straight when police stopped her Lexus. She refused to give a breath sample and had to be restrained by police. When breathalyzed she was three times over the legal drink-drive limit. Mother-of-one pleaded guilty and was banned from driving for four years. It came after she avoided prison in 2012 when she crashed her car.
RSPCA officers discovered five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs at a make-shift farm in Lancashire where they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights. Footage shows the animals were held in electrical shock collars, covered with scars and were kept in urine-soaked cages without water. Darren Wheatcroft, 48, and his son Callan, 22, both of Accrington, admitted keeping and training three of the dogs. Farmer Simon Whitworth, 44, of Oswaldtwistle, pleaded guilty to training two. All three were handed suspended prison sentences
UK passengers faced more holiday chaos than during the same period last year. In first quarter of 2015, there have been 5,080 flight cancellations, compared to 4,239 in 2014. Number of delays also increased to 2,427 from 2,260 in 2014, according to EUclaim. Low-cost carrier Monarch has seen the greatest increase in delays, with 64 incidents compared to 47. EasyJet hasn't fared much better, experiencing a 19% increase.
Erik de Vries, 24, and Josephine Egberts, 22, were separated back in 1999 after their parents' messy break-up. Erik and his twin brother Maarten moved to Belgium and their mother stayed with Josephine in their native Netherlands. It was only after Erik moved back to the Netherlands, joined Tinder and swiped 'right' on Josephine's profile that they were reunited.
Sir James Munby says parents should use the 'carrot and the stick' approach. Suggests confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets and grounding teenagers are suitable methods for parents to get their way. Being a parent is tough, but he said: 'That is what parenting is all about' Advice given in case of two teenage girls who have refused to see their father for six years.
The NFL announced today that Greg Hardy would be suspended without pay for 10 games at the start of the 2015 season. Hardy, who signed with the Dallas Cowboys last month, will be forced to sit out the first 10 games of the season and will not receive his salary. This comes almost one year after Hardy, 25, was convicted by a judge in Charlotte, North Carolina of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. Holder told police that Hardy choked her, slammed her against a bathtub, threw her to the floor and threatened to kill her.
Wheelchair-bound Christopher Starrs, 50, defrauded BT of £28,000 over two years. He and Phillip Tamplin invented clamped cars, overtime hours and damage to property. They also paid off engineers to help them make the fake claims against BT. Tamplin was jailed for two years at January's sentencing hearing, but Starrs was spared jail. Recorder Stuart Trimmer QC spared Starrs jail as an act of mercy - although he ordered him to repay the money he took and pay a £1,500 fine. Senior Judge Nicholas Cooke
'N' was just 11 when pervert Glitter stole her childhood. She now suffers from dark spells of depression and rarely goes out. 'I have nightmares about it all of the time and I need to take pills to sleep' She was one of two young girls predator Glitter was convicted of abusing. The other was'sold' to him by her aunt for £28 when she was just 10.
Alaskan Husky, Sarabi, was returned to a friend of the musher Laura Allaway, on Monday night. She will be reunited with the animal on April 28 when she returns from traveling. The three-year-old dog was spotted on April 15 near Glenn Highway and then again last Friday near Reverend Tim Carrick's United Protestant Presbyterian Church. Carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home, and used four bowls of dog kibbles, a pot of chicken stock, liverwurst and a motion activated camera to help capture Sar
Prime Minister said Labour had left millions of people trapped on welfare in system which 'punished the poor' Accused Ed Miliband and Ed Balls of having'some brass neck' by attacking the Tories for failing the poor. He said: 'Don't you dare lecture us on poverty. Yes, it was you who trapped the poor on welfare and widened inequality' Mr Cameron promised extra free childcare for 600,000 children a year to counter spiralling costs.
Natali Castellanos-Tyler, 30, was returning home from a birthday party February 21 when her Ford Explorer ran off the road and slammed into a tree. Her 3-year-old daughter, Elisa, was in the backseat and escaped with minor scrapes and bruises. Investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision caused by poor road conditions. Little Elisa's father, Craig Tyler, says his daughter has been having nightmares and daytime visions about a white van, which he believes may have something to do with the crash. A plain white delivery-style box truck
Shanice Farier, 22, from Derby, earned a 'decent salary' and received handouts from her father but that wasn't enough for her expensive taste. She helped herself to money from Kanoo Travel in Derby and spent it staying in hotels and living 'an opulent lifestyle', said Judge John Burgess. Judge ordered Farier to do 240 hours of unpaid work, adding: 'I hope she ends up doing work that gets her hands dirty'
Martin Springall, 38, photographed his young daughter in Zushi, Japan, in July 2014. He wanted to send the picture to his wife, who was in Tokyo, but she was at work. Later that evening he noticed a pair of black boots behind the little girl. His friend Brian Publicover posted the image to Reddit, where it became a topic of'mostly negative' discussion. Mr Springall said he has 'no idea' what the boots could be - and insists there was no one else in the vicinity. Sceptics have noted the presence of a blue piece of
The Apple Watch 1 will retail from $499 for the cheapest version right up to $24,000 for an 18-carat model. The gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours. With the wait almost over, release date for the whiz-bang time-piece is set down for April 24. A panel of Australian tech experts found a less than enthusiastic response to the current offerings available on the watch. They all expect the second version to be a vast improvement, pointing to a long lasting battery life as the number one
Claims by The Trussell Trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday. It emerged last night that the true number of food bank users is likely to be no more than half a million  and possibly lower still. The claim was widely reported by newspapers, while the BBC ran a headline on its website stating: 'Food banks used by "more than one million people".' But the Corporation also retreated yesterday, toning down its coverage as the figure unravelled.
Ian Walters, 51, is accused of killing his wife Tracy, 48, after her car veered off M1 motorway. His Mitsubishi L200 Animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree at 84mph. Mrs Walters, a keen horse rider, was flown to hospital but died two days later from injuries. Walters, from Swindon, Wiltshire, denies murdering his wife of two years last March. Court heard couple had a 'troubled' relationship, with Mrs Walters claiming he was abusive.
Brett Robinson, 33, is facing 12 charges of sexual misconduct and official misconduct. She is accused of letting an inmate out of his cell and having sex with him six times in four months while working as a services technician at Washington County Jail. The psychologist who examined her said she was 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' She hopes to use the insanity defense, claiming she suffers from mental illness. Her colleague Jill Curry, 39, was sentenced to over four years prison last month for having sex in a maximum security unit at the jail. Curry, who is married to a sheriff
Barry Selby, 54, was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the snack. It is two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide and appears to show a human skull. The floor-fitter, from Poole, Dorset, has decided to keep it as it is more impressive than other oddly-shaped crisps he has seen on the internet.
Baboucarr Ceesay, 21, is a talented footballer from The Gambia. Believed to have died on boat in 'desperate' attempt to seek a new life in the UK. His aunt Jessica Sey, from Cheltenham, has spoken of devastation at his death. She said: 'He had his head turned and his money taken by criminals responsible for thousands' 'His mother will never get his body back. She'll never be able to ask him why he did it'
The 34-year-old actor lost 30 pounds for Nightcrawler and had to put that weight back on plus 15lbs of muscle for Southpaw. His trainer, former boxer Terry Claybon, said he did 2,000 sit ups each day, 1,000 each morning and the same at night. He also worked out for six hours per day, including three hours of boxing in the morning. Gyllenhaal also attended several boxing matches to watch how real fighters move in the ring.
The James Webb Space Telescope will be 100 times more potent than Hubble. It will be able to see back to 200 million years after the Big Bang. The project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $8.8 billion, far higher than the initial estimate of $3.5 bn (£2.33 bn) But Nasa has promised to keep the next-generation telescope on track for October 2018 launch.
Letizia, 42, welcomed Juan Goytisolo to the Casa Real for a lunch in his honour. Was joined by husband King Felipe, 47, for the second time in two days. Last night, the Spanish queen was on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss. On Monday night, she presented Salma Hayek with an award at the Woman Awards.
Fashion Targets Breast Cancer, founded by Ralph Lauren in 1994, has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever. This year's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause. Campaign showcases clothes from high street giants including Marks & Spencer's and Debenhams. Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell, Kylie Minogue, Elle Macpherson and Georgia May Jagger are just some of the biggest names to get behind the fundraiser.
The 1962 Aston Martin DB4 Series III will be worth three times its £220,000 price if fully restored. The restoration project will cost up to £350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least £570,000 to return it to its former glory. British vehicle was supplied new in July 1961 to a Robert Drummond of London, who lived in central postcode SW1. It was off the road in storage when bought by the unnamed current owner in 1982 as a restoration project.
David Norris, 51, pounced on his wife Dionne as she lay flowers at his grandmother's grave. She begged him to think of their children but he stabbed her repeatedly. He only stopped when she 'played dead' and a member of the public intervened. Today he was sentenced at Maidstone Crown Court after being found guilty of attempted murder.
Peter Ustinov bought the Aston Martin DB4 Cabriolet in 1962 shortly after winning a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Spartacus. It was one of the most luxurious cars of its day, costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a Swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in Britain was just £2,500. While the average UK home is now £177,000, the value of the car has rocketed even more and is expected to sell for around £1 million. This is £570,000 MORE than the price paid for the
Male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they killed the animal. Producers thought it was a common caiman - a small, common reptile. But suspicions were raised when it appeared larger than usual. It turned out to be an endangered American crocodile, which is critically endangered.
Micheal John Duffy, 34, pleaded not guilty to murdering Colleen Deborah Ayers, 33, in 2012. His co-accused Rachel Evans, who has plead guilty to murder, will receive a reduced sentence for giving evidence at her former lover's trial. Ms Ayers' decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent's 25-acre Lakesland property, located near Picton, south west of Sydney. Duffy told the court his former flame had a 'twisted desire to kill' and that he had only dug the victim's crude grave. He claimed
The men - all aged in their 50s and from the York area - were arrested this morning. The body of the missing chef, who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009, has still not been found. Officers have launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts. Police and forensic officers have been working at three houses not far from where Miss Lawrence lived in the Heworth area of York before she went missing six years ago. It is understood the three men have not been arrested before and remain in custody.
More than 60% of Britons buy their lunches out spend an average of £1,840 a year. In comparison, those who prepare food at home spend just £552 over the same period. Food52's 'Not Sad Desk Lunch' series demonstrates just how simple it can be to bring healthy, cost-effective lunches to work.
Harrison Poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual Tommy Tune Awards on Tuesday in Houston, Texas. TV cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness. Luckily no one was hurt below. Ironically, Poe was recognized for playing Paul in his school's production of A Chorus Line.
Jerry Moon's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag. While the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at Dahl McVicker Funeral Home in Kelso, Washington State. The family is now seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress. Chronically ill in his final years, Mr Moon began arranging for his funeral 16 years before his death in 2013.
Traditionally known as a 'naatsit', the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt. It is currently on display at the National Museum of Denmark in Copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection. Underwear was obtained during an expedition to the Ammassalik settlement in Greenland in 1892 by Captain C. Ryder. When leaving the settlement, the female wearer would have worn it under trousers. Seals are found along the coast of East Greenland and are hunted for their meat and skin.
In January the commission branded Hinchingbrooke as 'inadequate' and placed it in special measures. Today the watchdog will upgrade this to'requires improvement' and publish a glowing report. Experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by Labour Party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation.
Texas Trooper Abraham Martinez, a 10-year veteran, took chase when Steven Gaydos, 25, ran a stop sign near Houston in December 2012. He fired at the motorcyclist four times through the window of his moving car and then leaped into the air to kick him. The unconventional maneuver led to a three-day, unpaid suspension for Martinez last year but the footage only emerged this week as the Austin American Statesman investigated outdated tactics used in Department of Public Safety pursuits.
Vets across the UK are urging people to get their dogs checked out for ticks. Tick-borne diseases can spread potentially fatal diseases to humans and pets. Lyme disease, or Lyme borreliosis, is a bacterial infection spread to humans by infected ticks. Ticks that carry the bacteria responsible for Lyme disease are found throughout the UK. They feed on the blood of birds and mammals, including humans.
The Glasford school in Illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the American Red Cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving. The staged event on Thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police, fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene. In attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an Illini Bluffs High School senior named Moriah Nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend. Nau's brother, Austin, died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident. 'Thank God its not real
Beauty High editorial designer Rolly Robinson stars in a new makeover video tutorial that sees him transform himself into a Kylie Jenner lookalike. He first had to shave his mustache and then used an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the youngest member of the Kardashian clan's appearance.
Charlesetta Taylor, 79, may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of St. Louis. Taylor was part of the first African-American family to live in her neighborhood, and now it and 49 others, may be bulldozed. This so the city can make way for a campus for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. If residents are not willing to move, the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes.
Rep Steve Knight, 48, was hosting open house event at his Simi Valley, California, office last Friday when he was accosted by activists. A man named 'Mike' accused Knight of lying about his voting record and patted him on the back after a prolonged handshake. Knight told Mike: 'If you touch me again, I'll drop your a**' Knight, a former LAPD officer, was elected to the US House of Representatives last November.
Single-engine plane was being put through its paces at Old Buckenham Airfield. Witnesses saw the plane go into a flat spin and then crash in front of horrified spectators. Pilot David Jenkins, in his 50s, died when his plane went down just 50 metres from them. A friend said: 'He was the best bloke I knew. He was highly skilled and knew exactly what he was doing' Mr Jenkins was a member of the Wildcat Aerobatic Team based at the airfield.
SNP leader boasted: 'I'm writing the Labour Party budget - because I'm writing it' He also joked that he would 'check his top pocket'  a reference to a Tory election poster. It prompted David Cameron and Boris Johnson to warn of a looming 'constitutional crisis' They questioned the legitimacy of the SNP's plan to try to put Ed Miliband in Downing Street.
Belle Gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses. She said: 'No. None of it is true,' during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the Australian Women's Weekly. Model Jesinta Campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers who say they feel insulted by her deception. 'I am so disappointed and shocked and on every level, this is so irresponsible on her behalf,' Campbell said on the Today Show on Thursday morning. Victoria Police told Daily Mail Australia they were not investigating Gibson and the matter was being looked after by Consumer Affairs Victoria.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder related to a period between May and July 1944 when around 425,000 Jews from Hungary were brought to the Auschwitz-Birkenau complex in Nazi-occupied Poland. During that period, so many trains were arriving that often two would have to wait with closed doors as the first was 'processed,' Groening testified at the Lueneburg state court. Survivor Eva Kor told of how she was never allowed to say goodbye to her mother who was dragged away from her as she arrived at the Nazi death camp.
An eight-year-old boy named Peter penned a letter to health conscious Michelle Obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough. Peter criticizes the First Lady for America's lack of troops in the Middle East and in the Ukraine. 'I also think your husband needs to work on his speeches. He also disappointed millions of Americans by not bombing Syria. If you do not know every day thousands of peoples homes are destroyed by the ISIS, you should also get the U.N. to send troops to Ukraine,' he writes. According to Peter's father, the
Carole Middleton recommended Chevron Divine tablewear range for parents-to-be. She wrote: I love a range that fits so many different gatherings. Chevron Divine is just that, and its great for a baby shower' The cheapest item in the range is a £2.79 set of party cups. It also includes straws for £3.49 and cake bunting at £7.69.
Affleck appeared on PBS show Finding Your Roots and learned one of his ancestors was a slave owner. He then asked the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by DailyMail.com, a request the producers ultimately agreed to. This enabled Affleck to hide the identity of his ancestor, named today by The Sun as James McGuire, who kept eight slaves on his farm in Trenton in New Jersey in the 1840s. Today the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on Facebook.
Christopher Swain, a clean-water activist, embarked on a 1.8-mile swim in the Gowanus Canal in Brooklyn, New York, on Wednesday. He said the water tasted 'like mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent and gasoline' The Environmental Protection Agency warned swimmers against swimming in the waterway, which has been designated as especially polluted. An estimated 377million gallons of raw sewage pour into the canal each year. A baby whale once got lost in the canal in 2007 and died within two days.
Carol Chandler, 53, allegedly molested a boy, under the age of 14. She is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985. Chandler appeared at Southwark Crown Court in a mint green wool skirt suit, black court shoes and silver jewellery.
SkyWest Airlines Flight 5622, from Chicago to Hartford, made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday morning. Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. The pilot put the plane into a steep dive rather than take any risks. SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction. Late on Wednesday, the airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that 'a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness'
Bounkham 'Bou Bou' Phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the May incident. His family says the medical bills have surpassed $1 million. While the settlement isn't enough to cover the continued medical care Bou Bou will require as he gets older, the family's settlement does not preclude continued litigation.
Ursula Ward, the mother of Odin Lloyd, wants to look Hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit. Hernandez, who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $40million contract, was convicted April 15 of first-degree murder for killing Lloyd on June 17, 2013. Ward said: 'The day I learned my son was shot and killed, I thought my life ended with his' The lawsuit seeking unspecified damages was filed in December 2013 but was put on hold during the criminal trial.
Lord Tebbit said David Cameron has never had a 'proper job' before entering politics. The former Tory party chairman said the PM was not a'real man' with'real depth of experience' He also criticised Mr Cameron's tactics in playing up the threat of a Labour-SNP government. Accused the PM of bungling the Scottish referendum and annoying English voters.
Previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals. Agricultural minister Dan Jorgensen said it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed. There were reports of animal sex shows, clubs and even brothels in the Nordic country.
Images show a prisoner wearing an orange jumpsuit being forced to his knees before being shot at point blank range. Terror group released images on same day they released images of smiling farmers harvesting their crops in Syria. Bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group's control as happy and carefree. Images emerged as Kurdish officials claimed ISIS militants were preparing for an attack on a city in north east Syria.
Ukip leader says he'made some mistakes' by trying to do too much in campaign. Insists he is looking forward to the rest of the campaign and has 'vigor and vigour' back. Comes as Nick Clegg accuses Farage of being an 'odious Victor Meldrew' character. Lib Dem leader condemns David Cameron's appeal to UKIP supporters to 'come home' Says 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling an 'increasingly hapless Conservative leadership'
Rebecca Grant, 40, from Biddeford, was found walking 'drunk' in and out of traffic on a road in Limington, Maine. She initially claimed that she had been kidnapped and abused, but when she refused to give the name of her captors, police checked her ID and found that she was out on bail. Once York County sheriffs deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her. However, at this point, she became violent, and attempted to head-butt a deputy sheriff before 'thrusting her head onto
Researchers at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzho have published their research in the journal Protein & Cell. The team tried to tweak the gene responsible for beta-thalassaemia, a potentially deadly blood disorder, using a germ line editing technique known as CRISPR/Cas9. But the researchers said that their results revealed'serious obstacles' in using the technique on human embryos. They attempted to downplay concerns by using 'non-viable' embryos, which can't develop into babies.
Emily Grimson, 25, from Shropshire, gets paid up to £100 an hour to model. She's appeared in adverts for Disney Channel, Bosch and Sunday Times Style magazine. The former beauty writer moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking good.
Woman escaped from IS capital Raqqa in Syria where women are forced to wear a burka. She said she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by IS. Women are banned from doing most jobs as their role must be in the home as a wife and mother. Any infringements can result in severe punishment by the religious police. Fear of IS is making many join them: 'Better to take the things they offer than die of hunger'
Chloe Hyart was snatched from a French playground in front of her mother's eyes by Zbigniew Huminsk, 38. The young girl was taken from outside her home after she playfully squirted him with a water pistol. Miss Hyart tried helplessly to reach her daughter but Huminsk bundled the girl into his car and drove her to woodland where he sexually assaulted and strangled her. Mourners gathered at St Peter's in northern France where huge screens had been erected to show the ceremony for the many who could not fit inside.
Joseph O'Riordan, 76, stabbed wife Mandy, 47, nine times with a kitchen knife. He became suspicious of her movements and put GPS tracker on her car. Hired private detective to watch her and discovered she was seeing postman Nick Gunn. O'Rriordan denied attempted murder but jury took just two hours to find him guilty. Judge Shani Barnes jailed him for 20 years and banned him from contacting wife.
Lord Janner signed over the deeds of his £2m home to his children in March last year. It was the same month that police raided his Westminster office and three months after they swooped on his home. His legal team claimed the former Labour MP was unfit to stand trial due to dementia. But his mental health did not seem to stand in the way of him signing over the property. The revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute him for child abuse.
Billionaire Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal has promised to give 100 Bentleys to pilots involved in air strikes. He made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted. Saudi Arabia launched air strikes on Yemen a month ago to stop rebels advancing. The Saudi-led coalition pledged that the bombing raids would stop on Tuesday. But they appeared to resume on Wednesday following advances by rebels on the ground.
One in five Australians admit to doing a spot of online shopping in bed at night. 86 per cent of those surveyed admit to going online for items they're too embarrassed to buy in store. The study was released by the StarTrack Online Retail Industry Awards. Three quarters of Australians spend up to $300 per month or at least $3,600 per year online. More than 27 per cent admit to shopping online at work and 3 per cent took a sick day to sign for online orders.
Authorities named Abu Khaled al-Cambodi as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on Saturday. He has now starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where, cradling a gun, he has ordered his 'beloved brothers' to 'rise up' and attack targets in Australia. Terror expert Professor Greg Barton has described him as 'Baryalei Mark II' - a reference to former Sydney militant Mohammad Ali Baryalee, who was killed last October.
Silicon Valley-based start-up is offering an at-home DNA saliva test for $249 (£167) It tests for mutations in BRCA1 and BRC a2, along with 17 other markers. These markers are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer. To get hold of the test, a physician will need to order it online, with the patient receiving a kit at home. The kit has instructions on how to take a sample of saliva and send it back to a lab.
Coffee filter papers are usually used to trap coffee grounds when brewing filter coffee. But they can also be used to hold bouquet garni, make tea strainer and clean fingernails. FEMAIL has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers.
Susan Monica, 66, was found guilty on Tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span. Prosecutors said Stephen Delicino, 59, was killed in 2012 and Robert Haney, 56, died in 2013. Monica was sentenced to life in prison, with the possibility of parole after a minimum of 50 years. The judge called her a 'cold-blooded killer' for killing the men and feeding their bodies to her pigs.
Vit Jedlicka, 31, is the self-declared president of 'Liberland' on the Croatia-Serbia border. He says he is entitled to take control of the 'unclaimed' territory under international law. The land was apparently forgotten when the Balkan Peninsula split in the 1990s. Croatia and Serbia do not recognise the'micronation' as part of their territory. Liberland would be the third smallest sovereign state in the world, behind Monaco and Vatican.
TV celebrity Dr Mehmet Oz released a video previewing a special episode of his show Thursday, which will be dedicated to the controversy swirling around him. Oz, 54, found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to Columbia University, where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery. The physicians accused Dr Oz of pushing'miracle' weight-loss supplements with no scientific proof that they work. Dr Henry Miller, of California's Stanford University led the campaign against Dr Oz and was the first person to sign the letter.
Ukip leader admits he has a 'preference' for Australians over Somalis and Eastern Europeans. He said he was happier accepting migrants from Commonwealth countries such as Australia. Remarks come after he demanded that refugees fleeing to Europe are sent back. Farage also admitted he went 'a bit wonky' and made mistakes at start of election campaign. Nick Clegg said Mr Farage's'mask is slipping' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white 'lashing out' in a scrabble for headlines.
The St. Regis Abu Dhabi's signature suite is suspended 200m above the ground. The 1,120 sq metre room can only be accessed by a private elevator and offers breathtaking views of the Arabian Gulf. In the three-bedroom suite, there are also in-room spa facilities, including two treatment beds, a sauna and jacuzzi.
A waitress has revealed how the New Zealand Prime Minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in Auckland. The anonymous woman has recounted how John Key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions. Key is en route to the Anzac ceremony in Gallipoli.
David Cameron and Boris Johnson visited a day nursery in Surbiton, south west London. They were supposed to be promoting Tory plans to double free childcare for 600,000 children. Instead they were left stumped by a jigsaw teaching toddlers about the seasons. The PM tried out what could be a new election slogan, telling him: 'If in doubt, wedge it in'
Stephanie Scott's funeral will take place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday. Vincent Stanford, 24, is accused of murdering Ms Scott, 26, on Easter Sunday and dumping her body in bushland. The Leeton school teacher was due to wed fiance Aaron Leeson-Woolley that day. Ms Scott's body was found by police in Cocoparra National Park, north of Griffith, NSW, on April 10. Mr Stanford's mother Anika met with Leeton Mayor Paul Maytom last Thursday, revealing her grief and horror at the situation.
Professor David Healy said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact. Suggested success of SSRI drugs was based on the marketing of a myth Other psychiatrists have refuted the professors claims, saying the profession has moved on from a simplistic description of the pills correcting a chemical imbalance. They warned the controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs.
Tianwen Chen, 65, and his wife Gairen Guo, 60, found their first child in a box on the roadside. Gradually took more and more disabled children into their two-bedroom home. Eventually 20 children were sleeping on the floor in their 20 square metre farmhouse.  Sadly, nine of the children died and another 12 were adopted by other families. But thanks to generous donations, the Chens can now afford to send 12 children to school. A short film about their story received tremendous support and raised £14,000.
Prince William has announced that he will be taking six weeks of paternity leave. The Duke of Cambridge will be excused from training with East Anglia Air Ambulance. 'He may be a prince of the realm, but under it all he is a new man, bowing to convention like a willow branch in the flood,' says Quentin Letts.
Jackson Byrnes, 18, underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on Wednesday. Renowned neurosurgeon Dr Charlie Teo was the only surgeon in Australia willing to perform the risky operation. The Casino teenager will likely wake up and be paralysed down his left side. Dr Teo told Daily Mail Australia that he hopes the surgery will buy the teen more time. Jackson's mother Rhonda Byrnes said she was overwhelmed by the support and money raised by the community on his GoFundMe page.
The couple were honored at the TIME 100 Gala at the Lincoln Center in New York City on Tuesday. The Trainwreck star pretended to trip and fall in front of the couple, collapsing in a heap on the red carpet. Kardashian's bodyguard Pascal Duvier could be seen laughing at the incident. Amy later said Kardashian thought it was'really funny'
Skin Laundry's Light and Laser procedure promises to tighten skin and improve complexion after just ten minutes. Clients must sign an eight-page waiver that includes wording that prepares them for the possible death of their loved ones. There have been no reported deaths from the procedure so far. The New York clinic has had to extend its hours to accommodate all of its bookings.
Stephanie Scott was remembered as a 'beautiful friend' who brought laughter to her loved ones in a touching funeral service on Wednesday. Hundreds of people gathered at Eat Your Greens, in Eugowra in NSW's central west, to pay their respects to the beloved teacher. Ms Scott's fiance and partner of five years Aaron Leeson-Woolley was among the mourners. Her sister, Kim, shared humorous childhood memories of Ms Scott with the crowd and painted a picture of someone with a strong sense of who she was. The teacher's white casket stood covered in colourful flowers
Seven-year-old Colin Gilpatric, who has autism, wrote a letter to George Lucas asking him to allow Jedi Knights to marry. Forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead Jedis to the 'dark side' Colin's mother filmed him opening a package in the mail containing a letter and Star Wars toys.
Eleven leading figures from nine parties write joint letter to The Times newspaper. Accuse Alison Saunders of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system with ruling. CPS has been accused of double standards for not prosecuting Lord Janner. At least 19 men with dementia have been convicted of child sex offences since 2010. But some paedophiles, including several too ill to enter a plea, have still been prosecuted.
Sgt. Daniel Knapp from Jacksonville, North Carolina, received combat medals after serving in Afghanistan. He has been denied re-enlistment due to the service's strict policy on body ink. Knapp is considered a Tier 1 Marine, scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness, marksmanship, and job performance. Despite having several tattoos while he was in the Marines, it is the one he got on his forearm after he left  a pair of crossed rifles and 0311 designation for Marine riflemen  that has cost him.
Joanessa Clawson, 35, her husband James, 38, and her mother Patti Ann Baldassarre, 68, from Marietta, Georgia, all face felony conspiracy charges. They set up a fake GoFundMe page asking for $3,000 to help their daughter Sofia, 3, who had surgery to repair a heart defect two weeks earlier. The page is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the Clawson family. Mrs Clawson was arrested after a teacher asked police to check on the girl and found she
George Nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on Sunday afternoon at the Crystal Lake Cemetery in Minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife Velta's grave. He was released from the hospital on Tuesday with 18 stitches in his head. Nagobads said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm. Witness Justin McCarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence.
Labour leader says he does not live in a'mansion' despite admitting it is worth £2m to £3m. Mr Miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month mansion tax on homes worth more than £2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one. Claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey Victorian town house has two kitchens  including one for the family's live-in nanny.
Ganjendra Singh, 41, hanged himself in the middle of a public protest over land rights. He was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into crowd. Seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and was later declared dead. Demonstrations were organised by members of the Aam Aadmi political party. They came in for harsh criticism after protests were allowed to continue despite his death.
Jonah Willow, 12, played chess grandmaster Alexander Cherniaev for two hours. The Russian suggested a draw after realising he could do nothing more to force a win. Proud dad Simon Scott said: 'We were all completely amazed. You expect grandmasters to destroy people' Home-schooled Jonah spends two hours a day studying chess moves in books.
South Africa is one of the UK's biggest suppliers of high-strength cannabis. But a strain of the plant dubbed'swazi gold' is ruining the lives of its young population. Farmers in Swaziland have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination. It is now commonly mixed with heroin to make a highly addictive cocktail known as nyope. Nyope contains a heroin concentration of around ten per cent, and often 'fillers' including rat poison and crushed HIV tablets. BBC's Stacey Dooley Investigates, which aired last night, looks at South Africa
Phoebe Jo Chapman surrendered to sheriffs at the Lowndes County Sheriffs Office in Valdosta, Georgia on Tuesday. She has been charged with three counts of sexual assault. Police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys. Chapman resigned from the school as the investigation got underway. Lt. Stryde Jones said it appears the relations were kept a secret until the rumors started.
Geraldine R. Jones, 36, of Gary, Indiana, has been charged with murder, kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of 23-year-old Samantha Fleming. Police say Jones pretended to be a social worker in order to steal Fleming's daughter, Serenity, and claim the child as her own after faking a pregnancy. Fleming's body was found by police at the home belonging to Jones in in Gary. The body had been doused with bleach, put in a garbage bag that was duct taped and hidden in a plastic bin inside a closet. Jones has waived
Tesco's F&F has launched what is estimated to be cheapest bridal gown on market. Dress is simple enough to be worn again instead of being stashed away. Comes in sizes six to 18 and features quirky lace neckline and flattering fit. Wedding expert said rise of low-priced gowns reflects a growing number of couples seeking to cut wedding costs.
As many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time Down Under at any one time throughout this year. More than five million visas are expected to be issued to students, tourists and workers this year to come to Australia. While a record 185,000 permanent migrants moved to Australia in 1969 - this figure is likely to be exceeded in 2015 as people move to the Lucky Country in droves.
Pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months. Twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing. One flight was diverted and on two flights the pilots made an emergency Mayday call. Figures have re-opened the argument about whether prolonged exposure to the air in planes is safe for passengers and crew.
Massey Shaw was requisitioned from the London Fire Brigade in 1940. It was transported to Dunkirk to help with the evacuation of Allied troops. After carrying 600 soldiers back to Britain, the boat returned to London. Volunteers spent six years restoring the fire boat to its former glory. They are now hoping to take it back to the beaches to mark its 75th anniversary.
Marcus Copeland, 44, admitted one count of fraud at Caernarfon Crown Court. He was told he faces jail after admitting lying on mortgage forms to secure £800,000 loan. Mortgage broker previously boasted about £1million hillside home he built in Wales. The six-bedroom eco house in Cwm Dyserth, near St Asaph, North Wales, has panoramic views.
Marine Le Pen, 46, named one of Time magazine's 100 most influential people. She said it shows her party's political change is getting attention on both sides of the Atlantic. The leader of France's far-right National Front spoke of representing a 'great political force' She took over leadership of the party from her father Jean-Marie, 86, in 2011. Jean-Marie Le Pen recently infuriated his daughter with racist and anti-Semitic remarks.
Biologists at Goethe University Frankfurt, Germany, used cells from fruit fly embryos to study the healing processes that take place in skin. They found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip. The researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this healing process.
Ronan Ghosh, 39, stole £200 worth of meat and wine from a Tesco store. He was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag. Company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million. Ghosh lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two BMWs. Given a 12-month community order and told to complete 80 hours' unpaid work.
Sergio Canavero says he is ready to be branded a Dr Frankenstein if he is banned from carrying out the operation in the EU or former Soviet Union. Claims he has been'studying Chinese for the past few years' in case he has to perform operation in China should Europe and Russia say no. Valery Spiridonov, 30, a sufferer of Werdnig-Hoffman disease, has volunteered to be a guinea pig, knowing the risks. But Dr Canavero insists it would take less than an hour to put his head on the body of a donor.
Actress, 27, welcomed James with husband Ryan Reynolds in January. Has been out and about promoting new movie, Age Of Adaline. Admits that losing weight hasn't been a priority. Took prenatal yoga classes up until her due date. Says she 'loves' to eat chocolate.
Sally Lutkin, 49, had a rose surrounded by her grandchildren's names tattooed on her leg. But it became infected and became so swollen that she was in agony and couldn't walk. She was rushed to hospital for emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week. Doctors had to stop the infection spreading to her bone and she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design. The mother-of-five has vowed never to have another tattoo again in her life.
A group of female fans, who've dubbed themselves the 'Milifans', are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the Twitter hashtag #milifandom. The largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the May 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician. Led by Twitter user @twcuddleston, an AS Levels student by the name of Abby, the unlikely fan club has prompted hundreds of tweets from fellow users who share their admiration for the Labour leader.
The strapless dress is a red carpet staple for fine-boned actresses. Jennifer Aniston and Gwyneth Paltrow are fans of the 34G style. But can a woman with 34G curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless?
Stewart Brand, president of the Long Now Foundation and editor of the Whole Earth Catalogue, believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful. He argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering. Mr Brand said that the rate of discovery of new species was currently outstripping the loss of species to extinction. Fossil records also indicate that biodiversity in the world has been increasing for the past 200 million years and is now at its highest level ever.
Think Progress reporter Scott Keyes, 28, is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights. He reveals his travel hacks in his eBooks How To Fly For Free and How To Find Cheap Flights. Keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles.
John Agar called her 'emotionally unstable' during FBI background check. Claims were revealed in FBI files obtained by Daily Mail Online through Freedom of Information request. Other people including Ronald Reagan and Sheriff Earl Whitmore also came to her defense. She was US ambassador to Ghana in 1974-1976 and Czechoslovakia 1989-1992.
Thames Bath Lido will sit near Blackfriars Bridge and should open in two years. Plans have moved quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the Thames for swimmers. Walliams has said if the water is clean enough he will be the first to jump in. Tracy Emin said she couldn't believe how underused the Thames is adding 'If you could swim in the Thames it'd be incredible'
YouTube entertainer Yousef Saleh Erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money instead. Erakat said he wanted to 'flip the script' and find out if it was acceptable for the rich to give money to the poor because 'it's one individual helping another, or because one individual is better than the the other - so it's okay to help?' In the video he appears barefoot, wearing a beanie and a cut-off hoodie jacket, holding a cardboard sign that reads, 'No one has ever
Fiona Steane is 50 with 3ft long hair and gets it trimmed twice a year. Sarah Rihal is 50 and has 3ft 5in of hair and her daughter Jasmine has her hair the same length. Vanessa Thorpe is 40 with 2ft 10in hair and says her hair gets stuck in car doors. Melanie Brown is 60 and Melanie Brown has 4ft long locks. Twiggy recently stood up for older women with long locks and said: 'Good on you, girl'
The video was recorded in Washington, where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in July of last year. The ex-cops smoked several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug, eating snacks, and playing Cards Against Humanity. In between bong hits and self-administered field sobriety tests, the trio debates the dangers and benefits of using marijuana.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her three children were found murdered in their home in Tisdale, Saskatchewan on Wednesday. The suspect in the case was found just hours later dead, and while police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide. He also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed. Family are now trying to raise money for their funeral services.
Twitter users have begun editing Ed Miliband's face on to famous men's bodies. From Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford to Neil Armstrong and Poldark's Aidan Turner, these images prove there is nothing photoshop cannot achieve. Miliband has consistently polled low in poll ratings, but these new pictures attempt to reverse that trend. The Cool Ed Miliband account, created just last Saturday, has already posted 45 images of the Labour leader, and has attracted 3,500 followers.
Hound Dog II and Lisa Marie will be moved from Graceland to a site nearby. Tourists to Graceland will have to pay extra to see the planes, which are to form a new, separate museum about the dead singer. They have been at the estate since the mid-1980s after Gracelands managing company, Elvis Presley Enterprises, agreed that the planes owner could have a cut of ticket sales. Elvis's ex-wife Priscilla Presley joined the row over whether the planes should stay at Graceland.
Gulam Chowdhury, 24, stabbed Mohammed Afzal, 22, 20 times in east London cab office. Court heard Nargis Riaz was terrified that Mr. Afzal would show intimate photographs to her Imam father. Chowdhury told Ms Riaz, a second year law student, the attack was justified in Islam claiming: 'Cut the neck of the man who eyed up his wife' Co-defendant Muhammed Khan was acquitted of assisting an offender.
ESPN reporter Shelley Smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer. She will make her first appearance on April 30, just before the NFL draft, interviewing Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota. Smith, 56, also revealed in an interview with Sports Illustrated that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return and is proud of her bald head.
Aaron Siler, 26, was fatally shot after he 'armed himself with a weapon' by officer Pablo Torres on March 14. Torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the shooting. In the meantime a billboard, paid for by the Kenosha Professional Police Association, has been erected featuring a photograph of Torres and his dog. Siler's family and friends have called the billboard 'disrespectful' and are asking for it to be taken down.
The Yeatman is Portugals first luxury wine hotel, with all of its 82 rooms facing the Douro river. Each guest room is decorated in an understated, classic style, with a private terrace where guests can relax. Dick's Bar is the only bar in Porto to remain open 24 hours a day, serving more than 80 wines by the glass.
Tom McTevia, 42, was traveling with a group and driving his friend Tina Hoisington, 45, near an overlook at Lake Pend Oreille in Bonner County, Idaho, on Sunday. When the group stopped for a photograph around noon, his ATV got too close to the edge of the 2,000-foot cliff and went over, witnesses told Selkirk Fire Rescue. A firefighter reached the first victim's body after rappelling down 500 feet of rock, and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge. The Navy veteran and father-of-
James Boase had been drinking with a friend in Torquay on March 13, 2014. The 36-year-old publican went to bed at 12.30am and woke up next to his car involved in a crash. Boase claimed he had been'sleep walking' and didn't know how he got there. He was found guilty of drink-driving and disqualified from driving. Mr Boase said: 'My intention is never to drink again'
King Goodwill Zwelithini blamed for sparking violence against foreigners in South Africa. Last month he said foreigners should 'pack their belongings' and leave the country. He has also courted wrath of women's rights and HIV/Aids campaigners for hardline stance on traditional virginity testing. The 67-year-old's opulent marriage to his sixth wife Zola Mafu in July cost £250,000. But he has recently been revealed to be bankrupt - despite being given £3million. His lavish lifestyle includes six wives, 28 children and numerous grandchildren.
Kate Roberts, 24, noticed her son Miles had a different shaped head when he was born. At three months he was diagnosed with flat-head syndrome, also known as brachycephaly. This is when the back of the head becomes flattened, causing the head to widen and the front of the skull to bulge out. Doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back, and as it is a cosmetic, rather than medical, problem, the NHS does not pay for treatment. Instead, parents are advised to move their children on to their stomachs during the day.
Grey and white cat Marv became stuck in a gap between two garages in Hanham, Bristol. He was left dangling upside down for over two hours before being rescued. RSPCA were unable to coax him out and firefighters had to chisel through wall to free him. Marv was reunited with his owner's daughters Tilly and Bella and was uninjured.
Television personality and author Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' joined President Barack Obama today for an Earth Day excursion. Nye held court with press making the trip before boarding the airliner, telling them, I love the smell of jet fuel. On the road trip from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Florida swamp and back again, a 1,836 mile flight, Nye will have ample opportunity to take a big whiff of the carbon being emitted from the president's jet. Obama used the Earth Day trip to promote his administration's commitment to cutting carbon pollution and preserving Florida's wetlands.
Philip Garrod, 43, was on his way to start a shift with the Welsh Ambulance Service. He was caught by a police camera doing 105mph in a 60mph zone on his powerful Suzuki. Pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies. Garrod had claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the A470 at Dolgellau in north Wales. But ambulance chiefs checked to find no record of the 999 call on
Colin Hendry, 49, was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a bar. Police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while he drove home. Hendry, who had spells with Blackburn Rovers and Manchester City, must now travel on his bike.
Major General Allen Batschelet says that 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the Army are currently refused because they are too heavy. He warns that by 2020 half of young Americans will be overweight and the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers. Of 195,000 recruits who signed up to fight for our country in 2014, only 72,000 qualified. The maximum body fat percentage that the Army allows for recruits aged 17-20 is 20 percent for men and 30 percent for females. Obesity rates have tripled in a generation with more than one-third of
Stanford computer science student Lea Coligado, 21, created Women of Silicon Valley blog to showcase the talents and stories of women in the industry. The goal of the project is 'to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success, these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms'
The Australian Vaccination Skeptics Network posted an image to their Facebook page on Thursday. The image shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture. The tag line on the image read, 'Forced penetration. Really- no big deal, if it's just a vaccination needle and he's a doctor. Do you really "need" control over your own choices?' The post caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of the group alike, with social media users labelling the post 'tasteless', 'disgusting', and a possible trigger for those
14-year-old is now fighting for her life in Delhis Safdarjung Hospital. She was allegedly gang-raped on Sunday when she went outside to relieve herself. On Tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to the shock of her brother, who doused her with water. There is a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in India at the moment.
Plans for a 'rainbow' zebra crossing to support gay rights in Totnes, Devon, could be abandoned amid fears it would cause hallucinations for dementia sufferers. The brightly coloured pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in the town as a mark of the town's pride for its gay community. But experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with Alzheimer's. Fears expressed to councillors who had been asked to back the plan to install the crossing across an area called The Plains.
The IRS' overloaded phone system hung up on more than eight million taxpayers this filing season as the agency cut millions of dollars from customer services. Many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen said Wednesday. A new staff report by Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee says the IRS diverted millions from taxpayer services to pay for President Barack Obama's health law.
The findings are based on a study of about 95,000 young people. All those in the study had older siblings. Autism is on the rise, and affects as many as one in 68 children in the United States. Fears about vaccines and autism began to spread after the publication in 1998 of an article by Andrew Wakefield that purported to find a link between the MMR vaccine and autism in 12 children.
All five of the dead were nursing students at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro, about 30 miles from the crash site. They were driving separately in two vehicles that were both mangled in the accident. Tractor-trailer plowed into an SUV, then rolled over a small passenger car that burst into flames. The big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker.
'If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband, what makes her think she can satisfy America?' a Texas-cowgirl college student tweeted on Thursday. When someone retweeted the quip two hours later and included Trump's Twitter handle in the message, one of the billionaire's staffers retweeted it to his audience of 2.8 million people. Trump's office confirmed on Friday that it was a Trump employee, not a fat-fingered CEO, who was responsible. 'Mr. Trump was not responsible for this tweet,' a spokesperson told Daily Mail Online. 'As soon as Mr. Trump saw
A generous double room in Peckham, south-east London, has been put up for rent for just £400 a month. There is just one small catch, however - the ceiling leaks onto the bed - and there doesn't seem to be any plan to fix it. In an advert posted on Gumtree, 'Martin' informs people looking at the double room, suitable for couples, that there is a leak in the room. 'Every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling, nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price'
Davion Navar Henry Only, 16, has been adopted by his old caseworker Connie Bell Going in Florida. She has known the teen since he was seven years old when she became his case worker. In 2013 Davion stood before his Florida church to beg for someone to adopt him, and now he has a permanent home with her. 'I've always loved him, the same as my other children. My commitment to him is for his whole life,' said Going of Davion.
Four Seasons set out to recreate their hotel experience in the sky in a bid to cater to the growing demand among modern luxury travellers. The jet includes its own executive and sous in-flight chefs and exclusively stocks Dom Pérignon champagne. Each Four Seasons journey includes air travel, ground transportation, planned excursions and all meals and beverages throughout the trip.
Judge John Koeltl said in a decision made public Tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the First Amendment. He said he was sensitive to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's claim that the poster could incite violence. Koeltl also noted that the MTA and Chairman Thomas Prendergast 'underestimate the tolerant quality of New Yorkers'
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt have a combined net worth of £260million. The couple, who have six children, have reportedly shut down whole hotel floors. They have even reportedly chartered entire trains for a bit of privacy. Couple have stayed at Marques de Riscal in Spain and the Hilton Malta.
Gang of six men convicted of string of sexual offences against teenager girls. Offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child to rape. Lured victims to parties organised on social media and then began abusing them. Victims, aged between 13 and 16, abused from 2009 to 2014 in Banbury, Oxfordshire. Men found guilty in March and handed sentences of between three and nine years.
Motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole on Earl Street, Northampton. Shocking pictures show the gaping chasm - which was around eight foot (2.4 metres) wide. Police quickly closed off the road, causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water. Eyewitness said the road 'gave way really slowly' and was 'like something you would see in a disaster movie'
Flight 271 from Paris to Newark Airport in New Jersey was diverted to Boston. One passenger said it felt like 'King Kong picked up the plane and shook it like there was no tomorrow' Two people were taken to Massachusetts General Hospital with what are believed to be minor injuries. Delta said 180 passengers and 11 crew members were aboard the Boeing 767-300ER.
A bold red fox spots a deer bone on a frozen lake in Furen, Japan. The animal begins to fight both a flock of crows and an eagle for the tasty lunch. But the fight quickly turns to two, plus crows, against one as the fox is defeated.
The boy picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at Bennett Elementary in Bennett, Colorado last week. His mother, who was only identified as Alicia to protect her son, said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his STD testing. She added that her son's life could be forever changed by what happened and he could face millions of dollars in medical bills.
The first trailer for the upcoming biopic on the life of Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger was released Thursday. In the trailer, Depp is completely transformed for the role. He looks several years older, with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue. The crime drama is based on the 2001 book Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill.
Labour leader will pledge to restore our commitment to the EU and UN. He will accuse David Cameron of taking Britain to the edge of European exit Miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on Europe, saying it is very unlikely there will be a transfer of powers to EU that would trigger one. 'Leaving Europe would be profoundly damaging to the lives of our people'
New Ask Reddit thread invites disabled people to list ways able-bodied people are not supportive. 'Don't call me an inspiration. Be your own damn inspiration,' one user wrote, amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day. Others said it was insulting and patronising to be 'praised' for doing normal things. A surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of 'faking' disabilities.
The waitress who publicly shamed the New Zealand Prime Minister for repeatedly pulling her hair while she was at work has been revealed as Amanda Bailey. The 26-year-old worked at Rosie cafe in Parnell, east of Auckland, which is frequented by Mr Key and his wife Bronagh. She took to an online blog to detail how Mr Key pulled her hair in the cafe on six occasions. But Mr Key defended his pranks as 'a bit of banter' and said he had already apologised for his actions.
Masood Mansouri, 33, is accused of kidnap, rape and sexual assault of 20-year-old. Allegedly took her to his home where he sexually assaulted and raped her. She escaped by hiding in bushes, before getting another taxi to the club. Initially tried to forget about the attack, the second sexual assault she had suffered. But she became so distressed the next day she broke down and told her mother. Five days later she took an overdose of her mother's blood pressure tablets and died. Mansouri denies three counts of kidnapping, sexual assault and rape.
A new report claims Ivan Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. Channel Seven's Sunday Night will tell the story of Milat's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution. The program also puts Milat face-to-face with the 'wrong man', who was jailed for the first crime his brother committed. Milat, 70, was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 and burying their bodies in the Belanglo State Forest. He has been locked up in Goulburn's Supermax jail for almost 20 years.
Wellness warrior Belle Gibson has admitted that she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness. Wendy L. Patrick PhD says we fell for Belle Gibson because 'we love heartwarming storiesespecially comeback stories' 'We loved walking along side her in her journey, recognizing there is a bit of Belle in all of us'
Patrick James Fredricksen, 30, has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter. He was stopped on his way to one child's home in eastern Utah, police say. Fredricksen allegedly used the bus's on-board list of children's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl.
Institute for Fiscal Studies said Ed Miliband's 'vague' promise to balance books would allow Labour to borrow £90bn more than the Tories by 2020. This would rise to £280bn in extra debt by the end of the next decade if Labour remained in power. Think-tank warned that Labour's failure to control borrowing would leave Britain 'less well placed to deal with future adverse events' It also highly critical of the lack of detail in the Conservatives' plans.
Michael David Ikeler, 36, of Torrance, was arrested April 9. He has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash earlier this month. The little girl disappeared from a Gardena, California, car wash on April 2. Police released CCTV footage of a white Nissan Altima from the scene. A neighbor saw the footage on the news and then noticed Ikeler trying to alter his car, which looked the same. Ikeler was arrested and charged with one count of lewd act upon a
Bhadreshkumar Chetanbhai Patel, 24, faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and the FBI announced on Wednesday that a $20,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to his arrest. Patel is to believed to have beat his 21-year-old wife, Palak Bhadreskumar Patel, to death with a knife inside the fast-food chain. Patrons called police April 12 shortly after discovering no workers at the Dunkin' Donuts in Hanover, Maryland. An officer checked the business and found a severely injured woman in
The decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal. Circuit rejected the band's argument that the government's. refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights. The Portland, Oregon-based band, which plays a kind of. grunge music it calls Chinatown Dance Rock, applied for. trademarks in 2010 and 2011, and was rejected both times on the grounds the name disparaged Asians.
High rise holiday resort Benidorm, dating to the 1960s, is bidding for Unesco World Heritage status. Sociology professor Mario Gaviria, the force behind the application, argues that Benitidorm should be praised for being one of the few places where beach holidays are accessible for all. Benidorm officials said the mass-market resort was applying in order to reinvent its own image.
Tom Sturridge, 29, is currently starring in the West End play American Buffalo. Set to step into the costume drama void left by Aidan Turner's Poldark in Far From The Madding Crowd. The London-born actor counts Robert Pattinson and Andrew Garfield among his best friends. Born into a thespian family, Tom says he never planned to be an actor.
Robert Downey Jr walked out of an interview after being asked about his drug-taking past. The actor is in London to promote his new film Avengers: Age of Ultron. He isn't the first celebrity to lose his cool in the face of an awkward line of questioning. Naomi Campbell, Robert Pattinson and Peter Andre have all cut their chat time short.
Ashley and Felicity Stewart found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013. Two years on, Dusty the joey has become a permanent part of the family on their farm. He rides in the back of the couple's truck, sleeps with the dogs, eats with them, asks for scratches, and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can. Dusty also has a collar, like many dogs, as a protective measure to ensure he can be found at nighttime.
A young woman found a brown tree snake in her shopping trolley at Coles in Caboolture, north of Brisbane. She pushed the trolley up the escalator before realising the snake was curled up in the corner. Snake catcher Richie Gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away. Mr Gilbert said brown tree snakes are harmless and nocturnal so they try to hide in warm areas.
Kimberley Donoghue, 28, from Ponthenri near Carmarthen, broke her leg and fractured a bone. She fell down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding. Wore a cast under her dress and NHS-issue crutches down the aisle. Was wheeled into church by her father and had to sit to say her vows. Family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast.
Ashton Taylor, 21, from Perth, was diagnosed with a severe brain condition in July 2013. She has undergone 15 brain surgeries, numerous angiograms, hundreds of blood tests and several MRI scans in two years. Gibson's Whole Pantry app was downloaded by more than 300,000 people. The health guru and wellness blogger has now admitted she made up her cancer story. Miss Taylor said an apology won't cut it after falling for Gibson's fake cancer survival story.
Deborah Roberts, 53, forced the tissue into Phyllis Hadlow's mouth. She also poured water over the dementia patient at Kent and Canterbury Hospital. Mrs Hadlow, who has since died, needed extensive medical care and would lash out and shout, Canterbury Magistrates' Court was told. Roberts was found guilty of one count of ill-treatment or wilful neglect of a person without capacity but avoided a prison sentence.
Rupa Huq is standing for Labour in key marginal seat in west London. She actively campaigned against the Iraq War and boasted about it on her website. But she said she felt no shame in accepting a £1,000 donation from Tony Blair. Ms Huq even accused MailOnline of picking on her when quizzed about the donation at a hustings debate last night. Three Labour parliamentary candidates turned down the cash in March.
The blaze took place at a building located on a Flint intersection, and started at about 1pm. A strip club used to be housed at the site, fire officials said. Photos taken at the scene showed thick clouds of smoke and large, brightly burning flames. Only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected.
Almost three-quarters of UK holidaymakers are at risk of UV exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream. Out-of date lotions may separate and not spread evenly, say experts. Damaged skin may be more prone to developing irritations, allergies or infections. Experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies.
Fraudsters were unaware they had been caught by a pin-hole camera in the ATM. Pair had earlier posed as bank staff and convinced victim his debit cards needed to be recalled for security reasons. They talked the man into divulging his security details and persuaded him to leave the cards in an envelope on his doorstep for 'couriers' to collect. But less than two hours later, the cruel conmen were filmed using the same cards, laughing and joking as they stole £150 from a cash machine in Coventry. West Midlands Police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair
Images show jihadis posing in front of black and white ISIS flag in Nigeria. They carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official ISIS releases. It suggests Middle East-based militants have taken full control of Boko Haram propaganda. Comes as Nigerian soldiers retreat from Boko Haram's last known stronghold. Three pro-government vigilantes killed by landmine in Sambisa forest this morning. Boko Haram abducted more than 200 schoolgirls in Chibok last year.
The 6ft 5in, 330lb NFL player is a regular user of the taxi app. Francis plans to work for the $40billion taxi firm during the sport's off-season. He said: 'You know what's better than NFL money? More money' The 24-year-old is set to make $510,000 next season, according to NFL salary website.
Albert Davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses. When he died, aged 73, he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in Surrey valued at £4.25m. But before he died in 2011, he and his second wife Penny Ann Davison fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune, before she was awarded just £750,000. A judge found that Mr Davison had squandered millions of his winnings through 'wasteful expenditure' and 'bad decision making' But now his beautician
Officer Michael Rapiejko rammed patrol car into suspect Mario Valencia on February 19. Dash cam footage showed him mounting curb and mowing down armed robbery suspect. Video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some labeling him a hero. But officer said Valencia had left him with no other choice but to use potentially lethal force. 'He's refused commands, he's holding what I believe to be a locked and loaded rifle,' he said. Police chief Terry Rozema has since spoken out in defense of officer's actions in Marana, Arizona. Said it was clear
Keepers at the Columbus Zoo say ten-year-old Irisa had mated before but never conceived. But this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets. Birth on Tuesday morning went smoothly but Irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator. The baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs.
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign is reeling from new financial links between her family foundation and companies that benefited from her stewardship of the U.S. State Department. In one case a foundation run by the chairman of Uranium One, a nuclear energy company tied to Russia, gave the Clintons' family philanthropy millions while Hillary's State Department gave its stamp of approval to the company's purchase of US uranium. The murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars Bill Clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes rise because of State Department actions while his wife ran the agency. Chelsea Clinton defended the
Evnika Saadvakass became a YouTube sensation when she was five-years-old. The eight-year-old was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes. Two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress. Her father quickly cycles his hands to keep up with his daughter's punch demand.
Brendan Cordina, 36, drove 3500 kilometres in four days to find his grandfather's medals. Captain Jack Slade was a flight lieutenant in World War II. He received many distinguished service medals including an Airforce Cross, a War Medal 39-45 Star, a Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal and others. On his arrival at the Darwin Military Museum, Mr Cordina was refused the medals and told that they 'were more important to the museum' The museum instead offered to send replicas to which he was outraged. Mr Cordina started a petition on change.org and has received
Unidentified 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden. She was raped by the man and left for dead in the Beeston area of Leeds last month. Victim will speak out in tonight's episode of Crimewatch in a bid to catch the man who tried to murder her. West Yorkshire Police have released a new e-fit of the attacker, based on the victim's description. He is described as being of Pakistani or Middle Eastern origin, in his early twenties and slim.
A federal court of appeals threw out the career home run leader's obstruction of justice conviction on Wednesday. Ruling 10-1 that his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government's investigation into illegal steroids distribution. 'Today's news is something that I have long hoped for,' Bonds said in a statement. Bonds broke Hank Aaron's long-standing career record of 755 homers in 2007, finished that season with 762 and was indicted that December for his testimony. In testifying before the grand jury, Bonds claimed he didn't realize substances he used were illegal performance-
The Federal Court this week banned Rebels bikie gang boss Alex Vella from Australia. The government cancelled Vella's visa while he was overseas in his native Malta last year. Known as 'the Maltese Falcon', Vella is the longtime boss of the Rebels motorcycle gang. Police say he led a violent gang involved in kidnapping, extortion and drug dealing. Vella, 61, was born in Malta in 1953, emigrated to Australia aged 14 in 1967 and has been the Rebels president since 1973. He has a wife, two sons, nine grandchildren, nine siblings and an elderly mother
Yamini Karanam, 26, struggled to understand things she had read and felt lost in conversations. Indiana University student was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain. But surgeons operating on her discovered it was in fact a teratoma - a growth containing bone, hair and teeth. She branded the tumour her 'evil twin sister who's been torturing me for 26 years' But tests revealed the mass was benign and she is expected to make a full recovery.
The service, called 'Project Fi,' debuted today, about two months after Google revealed its plans to provide wireless connections for smartphones. Google is selling the basic phone service for $20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month, instead of a flat rate. Each gigabyte of data will cost $10 a month. To use the service, Nexus 6 owners must sign-up to request an invitation, must have a Gmail address, and must live in a US zip code within the coverage area.
The alarm failed at the former president's Houston home in September 2013. The Secret Service bought a replacement in January 2014 but it took until December to install it - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm for 15 months. It came despite an agent's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm be replaced because it 'had exceeded its life cycle' The oversight was revealed in a report by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, which was released on Thursday. Bush tweeted that he and his wife had 'great respect' for the Secret Service.
Duke University researchers say natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates. Study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Because 'climate wiggles' were not accounted for, the researchers say the IPCC report may have been an over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends. They claim these 'wiggles can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade, and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations.
The three men, who are in their 50s, are all from the York area. They were questioned over night by police investigating the chef's disappearance. Miss Lawrence was 35 when she vanished on March 18, 2009 after failing to turn up to work. Her father, Peter, reported her missing after she failed to work in the University of York canteen. Detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s from York in March in connection with Ms Lawrence's murder and he remains on police bail.
A pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing 'incessantly' into his headset during a short flight in the Northern Territory. This caused him to forget to put the landing gear down, an air crash report has found. The Australian Air Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) released its report on Wednesday into the 'wheels up landing' on December 12, 2014 at Jabiru Airport, southeast of Darwin. There were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was'substantially damaged'
Nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police in England and Wales last year. This is an increase of 2 per cent on 2013 and a record number of rapes and sexual offences. Campaigners said victims were'more willing' to report sex crimes after Savile scandal. Rapes at knifepoint were up by 31 per cent to 311 attacks and violent offences by 21 per cent.
Marissa Holcomb was held up at gunpoint at Popeyes in Channelview, Texas, on March 31. Robber managed to get $400 cash from the till, which Popeyes said was too much. Her bosses said it was against policy to have such an amount in the register. They gave her an ultimatum - pay it back or lose her job. She refused and was fired less than two days later. Now Popeyes have offered her her job back and offered her $2,000 in back pay. But she says she isn't sure if she wants to go
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum in O[wicim, Poland, has had more than 250,000 visitors this year. This is a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year, which saw 1.5 million visitors. The increase in popularity has led to various security changes, and visitors are now advised to book ahead inorder to avoid congestion inside the museum. January saw the 70th anniversary of the camp's liberation, a possible reason for the surge in interest.
Kate, 33, is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days. William's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother Carole. Parenting blogger Emily-Jane Clark has compiled a list of ways to cope with two kids. They include avoiding a double buggy, buying blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people.
Ben Thurlow, 23, had been drinking heavily in pubs in Driffield, East Yorkshire. He had been on a night out with his girlfriend when he was attacked by another man. The jilted lover then drunkenly attacked a paramedic who tried to treat his head injury. Paramedics were forced to call police who had to escort him to hospital in an ambulance. But on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked the paramedic. Thurlow was given a four month sentence, suspended for 12 months, at court.
Carrie Reichert, 43, has released teaser from upcoming book In the Eye of the Royal Story. Says she felt 'overdressed' when she saw Prince Harry playing strip billiards in Las Vegas. Claims she was one of 10 women invited to party with him in his VIP suite in 2012. Kensington Palace has previously dismissed her story as 'untrue' and dismissed her claims.
Gareth Blanks, 31, was attacked as he walked home from the shops in Truro, Cornwall. He was approached by a group of three men and one woman who taunted him. They snatched his hat from his head and when he tried to retrieve it, he was knocked to the ground. One of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head and across his body. Mr Blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover. An online support group called Support Gareth has already attracted over 1,500 likes
Flights company Just The Flight have researched city nicknames all over the world. They found out the real stories behind each and every one of them to produce a handy infographic. Some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city, some refer to industry, some to the environment. Singapore is known as 'Lion City' because founder Raffles saw a merlion in the city.
Shareholders are reeling from big losses in investments and pension funds. Last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to £2.3billion after it was hit by huge bills for wrongdoing. Chairman Sir David Walker defended the banks decision to pay out £1.86billion in bonuses. Group chief executive Antony Jenkins saw his pay package more than triple to £5.5million.
Jamie Jewitt, 24, weighed 15st before his 15th birthday. His best friend Henry Rogers, 22, weighed 18st at his heaviest. He went on a two-year diet, including going vegan for a year. Slimmed down to 12st and landed a job at Abercrombie & Fitch. Pair have since fronted campaigns for Tom Ford, Armani, Prada and Dolce & Gabbana. Jamie and Henry think it is a'masculine thing' to talk about body insecurities.
Supermarket giant Tesco announced a record annual loss of £6.38billion yesterday. The loss is the largest ever declared by a British retailer and reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores. Over the past 20 years, Tesco went on a spending spree to build up a vast land bank that was designed to expand its empire of some 3,000 stores.
Wesley Burton, who worked at KPFA in Berkeley, California, was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of Saturday morning. The father-of-three was driving home from work when a white Dodge Charger crashed into his silver Mercury. He was pronounced dead at the scene - just blocks from his home. His wife Lucrecia has made a tearful plea for anyone with information to come forward and speak to police.
Leaflet distributed in ISIS' de facto capital Raqqa warning jihadis about banned items. It threatens both the buyer and seller of Nike products with punishments ranging from a small fine to whipping or even imprisonment. Nike was singled out because of its associations with the Greek goddess of the same name and because the word apparently sounds similar to phrases of a sexual nature in Arabic. News comes shortly after one militant decried the popularity of Nike among ISIS fighters, comparing the brand's name and famous 'tick' logo to wearing a Christian cross.
Romanian company MB Telecom has revealed the Roboscan 2M Aeria. It uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside. The device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb. But the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet. Device can be used to detect weapons and other contraband in small or medium-sized jets that land at low-security airports. Currently under regulations some areas of the plane - such as the fuselage and wings - are restricted.
Four friends of Markus Asberg, Samuel Kvarzell, Erik Naslund and Eric Jansberger were on their way to see Les Misérables on Broadway when they stopped a brutal assault on a New York subway train. They subdued an enraged homeless man who was viciously beating another rider on the train and held him until the NYPD arrived. 'We're no heroes, just tourists,' said Makrus Åsberg, a 25-year-old officer with the police Uppsala, Sweden, who is also an officer.
Lib Dem leader's wife says she has been'religiously paying taxes' in the UK for 10 years. Says she would like to be able to vote in the election on May 7 but is not allowed to do so. Takes a swipe at the Tories, saying they 'would probably kick me out of the country altogether' Comes after Mr Clegg warned the 'bandwagons of the far right' are encircling the Tories. Lib Dems have stepped up attacks on the Tories in recent days, warning Mr Cameron risks being in hock.
Former Soviet state has gained most from strong pound, which has cut cost of visiting continent. Resorts on Black Sea coast offer best value in terms of meal out, coffee and essentials. It is one of 13 European hotspots where cash will go far further this summer thanks to low inflation. Only in Turkey, where inflation is 7.6 per cent, will Britons find cost of a day out much more expensive.
James Rebanks studied at Oxford before returning to his roots in the Lake District. The Shepherds Life: A Tale Of The Lake District is a year in the life of James Rebanks. Rebanks loathed school, and left at 15, able to write only in block capitals. Toiling on the farm, he found himself at odds with his hard-working but decent father.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Bodycam footage shows Donald Allen, 66, pointing a loaded pistol at officer Brian Barnett, 25, in Sand Springs, Oklahoma, on April 11. Barnett then shoots Allen dead after he comes at him with the gun, making threatening statements as he does. The camera was malfunctioning and it was initially thought the video was lost. It was recovered but the audio from the bodycam was not.
Janice Baker Kinney, Marcella Tate, and Autumn Burns held a press conference on Thursday morning in Los Angeles. Their attorney Gloria Allred, who represents most of Cosby's accusers, said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour. Allred said the meeting was scheduled to damage Cosby's ticket sales.
Missoula: Rape and The Justice System in a College Town was released on April 21. Author Jon Krakauer interviewed five alleged victims of rape at the University of Montana at Missoula. One, Kelsey Belnap, said she was gang-raped by four members of the local Grizzly football team. Another, Hillary McLaughlin, testified against one of her alleged attackers. Allison Huguet said she had been drinking and was in no condition to drive home, so she settled for a night out with her long-time friend Beau Donaldson. Huguet
Former first daughter spoke at an event on women and girls at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York City on Thursday. 'What the Clinton Foundation has said is that we will be even more transparent,' she said, 'even though Transparency International and others have said we're among the most transparent of foundations' The Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is under fire for allegedly accepting millions from foreign entities in exchange for special favors from the State Department when Hillary Clinton was at its helm. The foundation recently committed to stop taking donations from foreign governments but insisted it wouldn't return money it has already collected.
Chinese designers have developed a washing machine so cyclists can clean clothes while exercising. By changing the front wheel of the exercise bike into a drum it will spin as the user pedals. A generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use. The invention could also find use in remote areas where people do not have access to reliable supplies of electricity.
Eloise Parry, 21, died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills. She 'burned up from the inside' after taking Dinitrophenol, or DNP. Her mother has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online. Dr Simon Cotton, a senior lecturer in chemistry at the University of Birmingham, explains how DNP came to be used as a diet pill.
For Americans, the White House is as iconic and royal a palace as you can get. For non-Americans, it is a respected power symbol,but not one to be especially loved. Kate Brower, an American journalist, became intrigued by the workings of the mansion after watching Downton Abbey. She set about interviewing the staff, who number at least 100, to build up a comparable picture of the American version of Upstairs, Downstairs.
Thenga Adams, flying from Guyana in South America was arrested after customs at JFK in New York searched the sneakers in his luggage. When customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $30,000 worth of cocaine, say airport officials. Adams now faces federal drug smuggling charges.
Patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy St George's Day celebrations in the sunshine. Veteran parades and Morris men were seen across the country, with spectators draped in flags cheering them on. Temperatures of up to 20C in some parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather for this time of year. It comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow, said forecasters.
Aimee Craven, of Hull, took home £20 Tesco product after spotting it on train last week. Care worker, 32, said she thought it had been left by its owner and took it home. But British Transport Police officers trawled through CCTV to track her down and take her off train. Accused of trying to shield item from CCTV as she walked off train in Brough with it. Mother-of-one, who cares for the elderly, is now waiting to see if she will be charged with theft.
Calf in Narnaul, northern India, has FIVE mouths - the most ever seen on a calf. He is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born. Shocked locals have called him Nandi - a nickname for Lord Krishna. In India's Hindu culture, cows are revered as a symbol of life and are worshipped.
Outbreak of honesty among politicians came on BBC's Daily Politics show. Tristram Hunt, Labours shadow education secretary, said: Yes. In certain circumstances He also confirmed Labour could fire the thousands of unqualified teachers across the state sector.
Brett Robinson, 33, will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct. She is accused of letting the inmate out of his cell multiple times and engaging in sex acts between March and July last year. A psychologist's report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her 'vulnerable, passive and gullible' A judge ruled Wednesday that the evidence was insufficient and that she would have to go to trial on April 28 without it. The judge said the defense filing an insanity defense on April 10 was 'untime
Kristina Bewly took her daughter Giselle to the Florida theme park for the first time last September and they have been returning every month since. Each time the family visits, the 4-year-old puts on a new princess outfit bought by her mother Kristina. Kristina, who works with special needs kids, takes glamorous photos of her daughter playing in the park and wearing her colorful new outfits. Giselle once never said a word but now she waves to people and even high fives them.
Ukip insist St George would have been welcomed to Britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer. He was born in Cappadocia, which is now part of Turkey, in the late third century. Today on St George's Day, the party announced that it would make it a Bank Holiday in England. Economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn faced questions on where St George came from. In its election manifesto, Ukip said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants.
The 50-foot whale washed up on Pacifica State Beach in California last week. Beachgoers took photos of where 'East Bay Rats Motorcycle Club' was on the body. The name was erased by Wednesday's high tide. It's unclear how the whale died but it doesn't appear to have any broken bones or blunt force trauma.
Two candle-lit vigils have been held to remember the 900 migrants who died when their boat capsized en route to Europe from Libya this weekend. As people lay candles by the sea in Valetta, Malta, an equally emotional memorial service was taking place in front of Rome's Verano Cemetery. The deadliest migrant tragedy on the Mediterranean so far took this year's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800. It came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the Greek island of Rhodes. Tide of migrants
Gang used drill to cut through concrete wall of vault during brazen heist. They raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems. Scotland Yard release photograph of drill that was used by thieves during the raid. Police offer £20,000 reward for information leading to arrest and conviction of criminals. Six men were captured on CCTV as they carried out the bold raid in London's diamond district. Officers said there was no sign of forced entry to the outside of the building.
Hillsborough investigators have released images of fans who helped at 1989 disaster. Fans were pictured carrying the wounded and tending to others as they lay dying on pitch. Police believe those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families. Appeal has been launched at the request of some of the victims' family members. Officers have been unable to identify the individuals in the images for more than a year. Images form part of ongoing Home Office inquiry into disaster which killed 96 Liverpool fans.
Lizzi Crawford, 32, from Stoke-on-Trent, tipped the scales at 20 stone. A child on a bus pointed at her and asked: 'Has she got a baby in her belly?' Embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle. Joined the gym and began hourglass training and lost over 7st. Slimmed down to a healthier 12.5st and beat cervical cancer.
A black woman, Tyus Byrd, was recently elected mayor of the town of Parma, Missouri. Six city officials quit their jobs shortly after Byrd won, according to multiple reports. Two of those individuals - Trish Cohen, Parma's former police chief, and Rich Medley, the town's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to NBC News. Cohen alleged in the interview with the news outlet that she and Medley feared for their safety, and said their home addresses had been shared online by Byrd's family members. Medley said Byrd 'never made any attempts to talk with us
Bill Gates, a failed vegetarian, says the world's demand for meat can be met with'moderation and innovation' He says it is unrealistic to expect large numbers of people to become vegetarian. Instead he says some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated. He points to research that suggests most of the water needed for livestock production is known as green-water, which is used to grow grass.
The pink croc Hermes Birkin bag is so exclusive that it can't be brought in store. The bag is one of the most coveted handbags of all time. Victoria Beckham and Kim Kardashian are big fans of the luxury brand. Katie Holmes, Julia Roberts, Hilary Duff and Kelly Brook are also fans.
Mary Doyle Keefe, who became a poster girl for American women during World War II, has died aged 92. She posed for Norman Rockwell's iconic painting as a 19-year-old telephone operator. Rosie the Riveter was on the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943, and became a symbol for feminism and economic power for American female workers during the war.
European Parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts. Currently alcoholic drinks are exempt from having to reveal nutritional value on labels. Winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that a bottle of red wine has the same amount of calories as six digestives. They argue that labelling would mean annual tests to establish calories of each vintage.
Paul Armstrong, 26, flew to Cyprus with four friends to start new job. He was stopped at the airport with stun gun, baton and knuckle duster. Armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons. Was sentenced to eight months imprisonment, suspended for two years, with £2,000 costs at Newcastle Crown Court.
David Cameron was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on Radio 1. Listeners on Twitter accused the Live Lounge programme of 'left-wing hostility' Host Chris Smith was also accused of being hostile towards the Prime Minister. At one point he bet the Tory leader he would not win a majority in 2015 election. Cameron was also asked to rule out a deal with Northern Ireland's DUP because of its policies.
Adam Gadahn, a former Little Leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for Osama bin Laden, was born in 1978 in Oregon as Adam Pearlman. His father, a musician in California, changed his name from Pearlman to Gadahn in the 1970s. In 1995, at age 17, he converted to Islam at a mosque in nearby Orange County. A few years later, he moved to Pakistan, where he joined al-Qaida as a propagandist. Using the name 'Azzam the American,' Gadahn appeared in numerous videos, denouncing U.S. moves
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran could face a firing squad within days. Indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions. The Australian Embassy has been summoned to Nusakambangan Island - where the executions will be carried out - on Saturday. Authorities in Indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed. News of the letters will be a huge setback for Chan and his family.
Chancellor warns of 'dangerous cocktail' if Ed Miliband is at mercy of SNP. Claims it would spark a 'constitutional crisis' if SNP held balance of power in UK government. Launched SNP manifesto this week demanding MPs have say over running of whole of UK. Comes after Alex Salmond boasted: 'I'm writing Labour's budget' David Cameron and Boris Johnson join forces to warn of looming 'constitutional crisis'
Rand Paul's eldest son William Paul, 22, was cited for a DUI on Sunday in Lexington, Kentucky but not arrested. Witnesses said Paul was'revving his engine' while sitting alone in the truck. He was treated at the University of Kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face. Paul failed a field sobriety test and refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital.
Study by Edge Hill University and University of South Australia found link between anxiety and grades. Lancashire academics questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools. FEMAIL enlisted the help of Michael Ribton, principal at Burlington Danes Academy. He says parents should pin their offspring's revision timetable on fridge and engage with them. Fatima Sharif, from White City, West London, achieved 4As and 1B grade at AS Level last summer. She currently has conditional offers from five of the country's top universities.
E4 will switch off its coverage between 7am and 7pm on May 7 to encourage youngsters to vote. US sitcoms like The Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your Mother will be taken off air for 12 hours. Specially-produced advert will be played featuring 'Darren' in charge of keeping E4 on air. E4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds a month.
Two suspected Australian terrorists were arrested in Turkey on Thursday. It's claimed they were trying to sneak into Syria to join the Islamic State. The men were caught on a familiar route leading into the Middle East from Turkey. Turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty and intelligence-sharing agreement with Australia. Two men are believed to be still detained in Turkey.
Patients are being put at risk because paramedics are leaving firemen to deal with 999 calls, healthcare leaders warn. Many firemen have not been trained in basic first aid but are being left to care for seriously ill patients for hours while they wait for an ambulance. Fire Brigades Union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous but is becoming increasingly common because the ambulance service is so overstretched.
Dr Arfon Williams is now the only doctor available across two rural practices. His partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of March. Surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is functioning with a skeleton service, Dr Williams said. Health bosses responsible for North Wales said difficulties recruiting GPs is a national issue.
Second eruption from Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has covered nearby towns and villages in thick layer of ash. First explosion yesterday sent vast clouds of dust six miles into the air, creating incredible display of lightning and lava against the night sky. Second eruption today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated, residents developing severe breathing problems and more flights being grounded. Volcano is one of the most dangerous of Chile's 90 active volcanoes but was not under any special observation. Previous and equally violent eruptions have continued for up to a week, according to a volcanologist from Oxford University.
Light general aviation aircraft was approaching the Aero Acres residential airpark in Fort Pierce, Florida. As it approaches the runway it appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation. He states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches along the tarmac. Its propellers can be heard ricocheting off the ground as the wings bounce up and down from the impact. Then the pilot re-engages the engines and takes off back into the air.
CCTV footage of the unusual scene was released by Chinese traffic police last week. The footage was taken at 10am on March 19 near the Erdun Port intersection in Yangzhou city, Jiangsu Province. Unidentified man is seen calmly driving alongside the pedestrian pavement while carrying a minibus strapped to the back of his tiny vehicle.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver J.T. McGarr in 1980. But more than three decades after he was incarcerated, it emerged that crucial DNA analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial. The new evidence proved that Hanline was innocent and he was finally released last November. After his murder charges were formally dismissed yesterday, Hanline said he was hoping to return to a normal life.
Justine Jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening the bottle. Her mother Jan Jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter Abi's 18th birthday. They had poured a glass of Tesco Finest Garnacha wine to toast the occasion. Despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with, the family were shocked when they inspected it further and found it contained a clear liquid which smelt of bleach. Tesco said a report had been sent to their Technologist and that the wine had been provided by a supplier.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, is accused of making £26million from illegal trades. Investigation team involving six agencies in US and Britain want him put on trial in New York. Analysts are bewildered that it's taken this long for action to be taken. Sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
EU rules say organic fish farmers must first use'substances from plants, animals or minerals in a homeopathic dilution' to treat ill fish. After this, they must use 'plants and their extracts not having anaesthetic effects' Norwegian and British vets have called the directives'scientifically illiterate' Homeopathy is based on the principle that 'like cures like', whereby a highly diluted substance that causes symptoms in a healthy person can also cure similar symptoms in sick person.
Designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom. Acro Aircraft Seating's 'Series 7' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests, an aluminium chassis and composite materials. Thompson Aero Seatings Cozy Suite would see seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle to give the passenger in the middle a little more breathing room. Paperclip Design may have solved the elbow war problem with a unique double-decker armrest on long-haul economy seats.
Duchess of Cambridge's inner circle will be on standby when baby is born. Carole Middleton and nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo already in charge of nursery. FEMAIL reveals who will be helping the Duchess as she gets to grips with life as a mother. Pippa Middleton, Carole and Emilia Jardine-Paterson all on standby to help the new baby.
Robert Durst has been absolved of state gun charges in Louisiana. Will now face federal charges, which lawyers believe he can win. Arrested in March a day before the finale of HBO docu-series The Jinx. Durst, 72, faces a murder charge in an unrelated California case.
Hazmat teams tested a white powdery substance sent to U.S. Rep Mike Doyle's office on Wednesday causing the building to temporarily close down. A staff member in Doyle's Washington D.C. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted Capitol police. The tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of Room 239 of the Cannon House Office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on Wednesday.
Study claims self-driving taxis could cut the number of cars needed to perform the same number of journeys per day by 90 per cent. The study, by Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, used data from Lisbon in Portugal. By plugging the data into a computer model, they simulated how such communal cabs would affect traffic. Even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport, they still dropped by 77 per cent, the study found. Finding comes amid reports that companies such as Google and Uber are working on technology to develop driverless taxis.
Barry Beavis, 48, was fined £85 for parking at a retail park in Chelmsford, Essex. The fish and chip shop owner said the fine was unfair, disproportionate and unenforceable. He launched a legal bid to overturn the fine at the Court of Appeal in London. But judges ruled that fine was not 'extravagant or unconscionable' Motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision, accusing judges of being 'out of touch'
Prime Minister stepped off the sleeper train at Penzance station this morning. Wore a navy jacket, dark blue shirt, jeans and smart black shoes for eight-hour journey. Tory leader is campaigning in Cornwall ahead of a speech on his 'plan for Cornwall' Tories are battling against their Coalition partners in the South-West for control of key seats. YouGov poll puts Labour on 34%, Tories on 31%, Ukip on 14% and Lib Dems on 7%.
Image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called Westerlund 2 inside a stellar 'breeding ground' called Gum 29, 20,000 light-years from Earth. In the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars. Hubble captured the image using its Wide Field Camera 3, which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery using near-infrared light. The cluster contains some of the hottest, brightest and most massive stars in the galaxy.
David Cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration, 'fears and worries' remain. He said he is not one of those politicians who says they get how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private. Under Labour, for years, 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers. But under the Conservatives, two-thirds of our job growth now benefits British citizens.
Ana Figueroa, 55, has spoken out for the first time since her son Nicholas, 23, died in a gas explosion on New York City's Second Avenue last month. She said that she still cries every night and that no one has reached out to her to offer condolences. Her Upper East Side family, which includes Nicholas's father Nixon, 52, and his three younger brothers Brandon, Neal and Tyler, says it still 'wants justice' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished. A memorial was set up Thursday at the site of the disaster that killed two and destroyed three
Bikram yoga involves 26 poses performed in a room heated to 40°C (105°F) A typical 90-minute session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in the room with 40% humidity. Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse found heart rate and core temperature rose throughout the class, with a male participant recording a core temperature of 40°F (104°F), while seven volunteers' temperature reached 39°C. They said the risk for heat-related illness, such as heat stroke, increases at 40°K (104 °F)
Belle Gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal cancer diagnosis was a lie in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly. The 23-year-old founder of The Whole Pantry app came clean about her circumstances, telling the magazine, 'none of it's true' Leading psychologist Jo Lamble says this is a common reaction from people with anti-social personalities and narcissism disorders. Lamble says Gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and an anti-social personality disorder.
Astronomer Dr William Hartmann says descriptions of Paul's experience match accounts of the fireball that streaked across the sky above Chelyabinsk in Russia in 2013. He says the description of the light in the sky, the thunderous sound and the temporary blindness all match the events of a meteorite. Dr Hartmann also argues that the sound of the explosion could also have been the source of the 'voice' Paul heard. Paul converted to Christianity after experiencing a bright light and a divine voice while he traveled on a road towards Damascus in Syria in 30 AD.
Matt Dunford, 30, bombarded Brazilian model Amanda Branco with 50 messages a day. He tried to blackmail her out of £5,000 after their six-month relationship broke down. Bodybuilder set up fake escort profile on Facebook and sent it to her mother and sister. Dunford, from Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, has been ordered to carry out 120 hours unpaid work. The fitness fanatic once said he spends £100,000-a-year on his looks and is a stripper.
Amelia Morton, 23, from Birmingham, weighed 12.5 stone and was a size 16. She was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father: 'Boys don't fancy fat girls' The trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university. Now a consultant, Amelia is helping other people lose weight through the Cambridge Weight Plan.
Theresa Dybalski, a retired insurance company from Lackawanna, New York, won $1million off of a $5 scratch off lottery ticket. The ticket was given to her by a friend during a birthday lunch. She plans to share her winnings with the friend's family.
Fish and chips has become a British institution, as well as a national money-spinner. But it is actually believed to be partly Portuguese and partly Belgian. The tea bag was accidentally invented by a New York merchant in 1908. Polo was introduced to Brits by locals in the Indian state of Assam in the 19th century. It was popularised by royalty and became the sport of wealthy Englishmen.
Photographer Graeme Whipps captured this incredible image of the Lyrid meteor shower above Pitcaple in Aberdeenshire yesterday. The annual celestial event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe, but is most visible in the northern hemisphere. Most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour, but in 1982 Americans counted nearly 100 an hour.
Number of women taking Holy Vows trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year. From a low of seven in 2004, the figure has been rising for the past decade. Theodora Hawksley, 29, was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology. She joined the Congregation of Jesus in January and is now living in London.
Stacey Tipler, 33, used her job to steal £642,000 from the Royal Marsden NHS Trust. Spent the money on designer shopping sprees, mortgage payments and her planned wedding. She and partner Scott Chaplin, 34, who was the ringleader of the plot, were caught and jailed. Judge Anthony Leonard QC said Tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme. He ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail. Chaplin claimed he'made nothing' from the scam but
45 per cent of Britons have lied about their earnings, spending or credit cards. 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner's finances. Main reason for lying was to spare the feelings of a partner who earned less. Research by financial guide Money Advice Service found that 24 per cent lied to their partners about what they spend on themselves.
Robert Bates, 73, pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, on April 2. Reserve deputy claims he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his Taser and shot dead the man as he fled the scene of an undercover operation in Tulsa, Oklahoma. In 2009, the Tulsa Sheriff's Office concluded that Bates had received special treatment during training and while working as a reserve deputy. He was also said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops.
South Yorkshire Police missed 'intelligence and investigative opportunities' to tackle child sex exploitation in Rotherham, a report has found. At least 1,400 children were abused in the town between 1997 and 2013. Police failed to use 'alternative strategies' to protect victims or gather evidence. Review was launched last December in the wake of the damning Jay report, which exposed widespread failures of the council, police and social services. Two of the investigations did not result in any cases being brought to court.
New picture shows Tomlinson poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry, green weed-like substance and rolling paper. Tomlinson, 23, has been seen partying hard in London over the past 48 hours. He left London's Cirque du Soir nightclub at 4am this morning and returned to his hotel in the company of five girls. Comes one month after Zayn Malik announced his decision to quit the band.
The meteor shower peaked overnight with between ten and 20 meteors an hour. The cosmic show will continue on into Saturday, so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you didn't last night. Nick Watson captured an amazing picture of the meteor over Lindisfarne Castle on Holy Island in Northumberland. John Phelan also took a series of meteor shots at Porthcurno Beach in Cornwall in the early hours of this morning.
The teacher, who had not been named, was teaching the fifth grade at Hawthorne Elementary in Albuquerque, New Mexico, when he made the remark around a week ago. Some students were so distressed by what they heard, that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher. Mother Margie Brooks, whose son was in the class, said she was horrified by what the teacher told the students and felt the school waited too long to deal with the problem.
Candlestick Park, home to the San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers, has been torn down. The iconic sports field, which was completed in 1960, is now set to become houses, a hotel and a shopping center. In 55 years, the park has played host to the Oakland Raiders, the Giants, the 49ers and two World Series. Joe Montana, Jerry Rice, Steve Young, Ronnie Lott, and Terrell Owens were just a few of the great 49ers to play at Candlestick.
Care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks previously only carried out by nurses. These include changing catheter and colostomy bags, feeding through a tube and even administering morphine. Worrying conclusions come in a survey of 1,000 workers by trade union Unison. Almost a quarter  24 per cent giving medication such as morphine and insulin had received no training.
Janet and John Brennan bought Barholm Castle in 1997 for just £65,000. They have spent eight years and hundreds of thousands of pounds turning it into a castle. The fortress is reputed to have been used by Scottish minister John Knox as a hiding place. It is now on the market for £695,000 but the couple will actually incur a six-figure loss. Despite that, Janet and John insist the project was a 'labour of love' and they have 'no regrets'
Photographs show female soldiers and fighter pilots in action among the ranks of armed forces around the world. One image shows fighters from the Sawt al-Haq (Voice of Rights) battalion of the Free Syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in Aleppo. Another shows female North Korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of Yalu River, near the  town of Sinuiju, close to the border with China.
Attorneys for the family said in a statement Wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed Thursday. Brown's mother, Lesley McSpadden, and his father, Michael Brown Sr., announced at a press conference in early March that a wrongful death lawsuit would be filed'soon' Attorneys said at the time that the lawsuit would also name former Officer Darren Wilson, who shot Brown. The statement Wednesday did not mention Brown, and a spokesman for the law firm said he could not provide any additional information.
Ilia de Mana is located off the Costa Verde, between Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, Brazil. It is a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell with a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water. The main residence has a dining room, fully-fitted kitchen and two living rooms for entertaining. Guests can unwind on sunloungers, relax in a natural freshwater swimming pool carved out of rock, or go for a ride in a speedboat.
Richard Symonds, 29, is one of the UK's top administrators for the website. He decided to block a user called 'Contribsx' on Tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by Mr Shapps or under his 'clear direction' Mr Shapps angrily denied the claims, insisting the story was 'untrue from start to finish' Lib-Dem leader Nick Clegg said he believed the denials.
Richard Harpin has given the Tories £375,000 since 2008  including £50,000 in the first week of the election campaign, official records show. Revelation will raise fresh questions for David Cameron over links to millionaire donors. Mr Harpin is the chief executive of HomeServe  the maintenance firm which styles itself as the UK's 'fifth emergency service' The firm was handed a record £30million fine last year for selling families expensive home insurance cover using misleading information and hard sell tactics.
A clinical psychologist in Santa Monica, California, has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from IKEA can cause serious friction between couples. The more complicated the assembly, the more likely it is that you and your partner will be at odds. Couples who are able to successfully assemble furniture together as a team actually have a healthier relationship.
Ellie Laing, SBS news reporter, has hit back at an article in The Australian. Jim Carroll, the News and Current Affairs Director of SBS, was reported to be taking a more 'commercial' approach to the network by hiring 'good-looking, female, Anglo-Celtic' journalists. Many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above description. 'Never mind the fact that I work damned hard,' Laing wrote in an open letter to critics.
Willa Junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane at Seattle-Tacoma Airport on April 13. He woke up when a piece of luggage landed on his head and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds. Since it was pitch black inside the cargo hold, Junior was at first confused and disoriented but then quickly realized that the plane was moving. Luckily, the area Junior was trapped in was pressurized and temperature controlled, so his life was never threatened.
U.S. Army Staff SGT. Julian McDonald of Columbus, Ohio has welcomed a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois named Layka into his home after she protected him in Afghanistan in 2012. Layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with Sgt. McDonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter armed with an AK-47. Despite being injured, Layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory.
Bruce Cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he doesn't take down his 'offensive' hay bale structure out in front of his property at Lake Charm, northwest of Victoria. The sculpture depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull. Mr Cook put up his'realistic' artwork on Good Friday just for 'a bit of fun' He says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture.
Security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person's fingerprints on a Samsung Galaxy S5 running Android 4.4 and older. When a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted, but the flaw allows hackers to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted. These fingerprints can be used to access the phone, for example, or to make payments with PayPal. Samsung told MailOnline 'it takes consumer privacy and data security very seriously' and is currently investigating FireEyes claims.
Elephant was discovered stuck in a muddy quagmire by villagers in rural southern China. It took the combined efforts of more than 20 people to haul the five-ton animal from the mud. Rescuers quickly administered anti-infection and anti-shock drugs to help stabilise the elephant's condition and have pledged to do everything to bring it back to health.
Fans were pictured carrying the wounded on stretchers and tending to others. Images released as part of appeal to identify those involved in 1989 Hillsborough disaster. Police say those pictured may be able to answer questions of victims' families. Appeal launched on behalf of Coroner Sir John Goldring who is leading the inquest. Officers say appeal is 'unusual' to carry out while legal proceedings are still ongoing. One of those sought in appeal has come forward and been located, police say.
Jade and Aaron Badland asked an Asian family if they had Ebola and assaulted a Brazilian hotel worker, calling her a 'bloody foreigner' They were too drunk to remember what they had done at the Premier Inn at Stansted Airport. Both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work. Mrs Badland was also found guilty of racially aggravated harassment.
Researchers at the University of Bath and Yale University created the invention. It uses a newly designed catalyst to split water in an electrolyser. This creates clean and storable hydrogen fuel, which can be stored. The breakthrough could be used to store energy from renewable sources like solar power, for example, to make hydrogen fuel cells much more economical.
Patrick Revins, 49, sold £10-worth of heroin hidden in a Kinder Egg to undercover officer. Detective easily identified him because he has 'P' and 'R' tattooed on either side of his forehead. Heroin dealer was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer Nathan Davenport. He admitted supplying heroin and was sentenced to 12 months in jail at Stoke-on-Trent Crown Court.
Kate, 22, lives by the ABC rule: No alcohol, bread or processed carbohydrates. Only eats certain fruits - blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, kiwis and apples. Has a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot. Reveals that she eats lean and green meals every day, with the occasional 'cheat day'
Labour received £1.1million in donations between April 6 and April 12. More than twice as much as the Conservative party which received just £492,512. Unison handed over £311,875, USDAW £300,480 and Len McCluskeys Unite a further £112,000. The donations from unions equate to £105,420.80 a day  or £1 a second.
Anne Jarmain, 86, was swept away in flood waters in Maitland on Wednesday morning. Her body was found 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater. The great-grandmother was trying to overtake a stalled car when her car went into the water. She was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled Falcon before 9am. A helicopter and police divers searched until her body was recovered at 7pm on Wednesday. Four people have died in the NSW Hunter region in the state's worst storms in a decade.
Prime Minister used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to Pirate FM. He posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph with staff at the station. Mr Cameron was in Cornwall to lay out Conservative plans for the southwest of the country. Told staff that other world leaders have selfie sticks, including the PM of Finland.
Edward Ronayne was awarded £9,000 in compensation after wife's botched surgery. Julie Ronayne had a bungled hysterectomy at Liverpool Women's Hospital in 2008. She was left 'looking like Michelin man' after contracting peritonitis during operation. Husband claimed he suffered a psychiatric injury from seeing his wife's swollen face. NHS is now fighting to overturn the payout, fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation. Case could set a precedent about who is able to claim for shock following NHS mishap.
Nicole P. Eramo said in an open letter Wednesday to the magazine's publisher, Jann S. Wenner, that the magazine has not done enough to make amends. 'Rolling Stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally,' she wrote. The article falsely said she tried to discourage victim 'Jackie' from reporting or discussing the alleged assault. Eramo has hired a law firm that specializes in defamation cases, but has not said what her legal plans are.
Fifi M. Maacaron, 36, is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert. Her book, Natural Beauty Alchemy, contains over 100 ingredients. They treat all-manner of ailments such as acne, oil and dryness. Says natural products are superior to store-bought products.
Ted Cruz and Ben Carson want the Clinton Foundation to return every dollar its received from foreign governments since it launched more than a decade ago. The bum rush came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity's fundraising practices while Hillary Clinton served as the United State's chief diplomat. A Reuters investigation that revealed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations led the global charity to announce that it would refile more than five years of tax documents.
Viviana Keith, 27, was arrested in Red Rock, Texas, on Tuesday after reports of DUI and drunken behavior. Officer Ben Johnson claims she was resisting him when he took her down. Video taken on his cash cam and a person in a nearby shop appears to show a different story. Both videos show Johnson throwing Keith to the concrete ground of the parking lot. Her head can be seen hitting the hard surface in the video, and she passes out on impact. The woman's daughter, who is six-years-old, also saw the incident unfold. Keith was arrested
Tiffany Williams and Jessica Versey, both 19, became close friends during treatment. They went into remission around the same time and took to social media to post photos. But one of Miss Williams's bald head and another of Miss Versey's chest scar were reported for 'nudity' Facebook says it does not comment on individual cases but referred MailOnline to its community guidelines.
Stephen Munden, 54, described as having a 'fanatical obsession' with small girls. He has been missing since 6.15pm on Tuesday and was last seen leaving a hospital. Munden detained under Mental Health Act after sexually touching a three-year-old girl. Officers believe he may have shaved off his beard before leaving the psychiatric unit. Police have released images of him with both facial hair and a clean shave.
Australian PM Tony Abbott says EU must 'urgently' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the Mediterranean as they seek a new life in Europe. Australian immigration controls are so tough asylum seekers are rejected on board naval warships at sea before being returned immediately. Australia detains people on the Pacific islands of Nauru or Papua New Guinea while their asylum applications are considered to avoid them absconding and staying on Australian soil.
Students were invited to meeting to discuss 'diversifying the curriculum' at Goldsmiths. Welfare and diversity officer Bahar Mustafa said it was only open to BME [black and minority ethnic] women. She wrote on Facebook: 'If youre a man and/or white PLEASE DONT COME just cos i invited a bunch of people and hope you will be responsible enough to respect this is a BME Women and non-binary event only' One student described the exclusive policy as 'patronising beyond belief' Union eventually backed down after a backlash
President Barack Obama gave a speech at the White House on Thursday honoring the New England Patriots, who won their fourth Super Bowl ring in February. The Commander in Chief joked about the deflategate controversy, saying 'that whole story got blown out of proportion' Head coach Bill Belichick groaned and gave the president a thumbs down. Quarterback Tom Brady, the Patriots' Super Bowl MVP, missed the ceremony due to 'family commitments' Sports commentators speculated that Brady snubbed Obama because he's from the 'wrong political party'
Photos show Maria Sidorova and Lidia Fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear, named Stephen. Organisers wanted to highlight importance of living'side-by-side' with bears and to discourage hunting. But in one picture, a model was shown wearing a fur coat - although it is not clear whether the fur is real. Model Lidia said: 'As soon as I hugged him I felt his warmth and how soft his fur was'
The move comes after Federal Communications Commission decided that merger wasn't in the public interest. The proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid TV market with more than 27million customers across the nation. Net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox are opposed to the deal. Comcast and Time Warner Cable declined to comment on Thursday.
Top 10 most expensive airports for private jet landing fees compiled by website The Richest. Tokyo's Haneda Airport is the most expensive, charging £4,559 ($6,850) per landing. Salzburg Airport in Austria charges £2,530 ($3,800) to land a 767-400 jet on its runways. Bristol Airport in England is the only UK airport to make it into the top 10. Dublin Airport in Ireland, in eighth place, and Salzburg, Austria, in 10th place.
Carriers of the BRCA1 gene, like Angelina Jolie, have a 50 to 80% risk of developing breast cancer. Those with the gene mutation can have their ovaries removed as part of their treatment. The procedure, known as an oophorectomy, can reduce the risk of death by more than 60%. Researchers in Canada analysed 676 breast cancer patients who had one of the mutated genes. Nearly half (345) underwent the procedure after their diagnosis. Study found the 20-year survival rate for the entire group was 77.4%.
Adrian Langlais, 2, died March 19, the day after his second birthday, from head trauma. Christian Tyrrell, 22, was arrested Wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the March 19 death of 2-year-old Adrian. Adrian's grandparents, John Winkler and Laura Martinez, say they started noticing bruises on Adrian last fall, when his mother started dating Tyrrell. They reported the injuries to Child Protective Services, but the agency closed the investigation in February, ruling out abuse from Adrian's parents or Tyrrell. A little over a month later, Adrian was dead
Charlene Fritz, 35, was visiting Snow Hill Island in the Antarctic Peninsula. The elephant seal pup is thought to have been no more than two months old. Ms Fritz struggled to sit upright under the weight of the 200lbs seal pup. She said: 'We shared a very sweet moment in time I will never forget'
The free app is currently in testing and is only available on Android devices in the US. It pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user's Facebook profile and lets you easily block unwanted callers. When a user receives a call Hello shows them info about whos calling, even if they dont have that number saved. Hello also makes it easier to block unwanted calls and see which numbers have been blocked from other users in the app's settings menu. The list of blocked calls can also be reviewed in the recent calls list.
Russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles. They lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food. It's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today. Dr Elena Temereva came to her conclusion by studying the 'living fossil' Lingula anatina, an ancient brachiopod found all over the world. She said that, therefore, it could be assumed that our ancestors had tentacular appendages.
Fashion designer Collette Dinnigan has put her four-bedroom Paddington home on the market. The two-storey terrace home was built in 1880, and is set on 379 square metres. Dinnigan and her husband Bradley Cocks bought the property in Watsons Bay for $6.5 million in March. They refurbished the home to be 'in keeping with the period style, while still keeping it contemporary', said agent Ben Collier for MsGrath Estate Agents. This comes as the fashion queen sold her multi-million dollar Palm Beach home last year
New book claims King Juan-Carlos II had a decade-long affair with a German socialite. Claims he contemplated divorcing Queen Sofia in order to marry Felipe's mother, Queen Letizia. King Felipe, 47, and his 42-year-old wife appeared to put on a united front as they arrived at the University of Alcala de Henares to present the Cervantes Prize for Literature.
Grade I listed Walton Canonry is on the south side of Cathedral Close. It backs onto the meadow where John Constable took studies for his 1831 painting of the cathedral. The Tate paid £23.1million for the painting inspired by oils he painted on many visits to the area in the 1820s. Walton Canonry has been home to prominent figures of the church and the arts for nearly 300 years.
Boris Johnson admitted he hopes to be considered to lead Conservative Party after David Cameron. But London Mayor insisted the position would not become vacant for five years. Mr Johnson, running to become MP in Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has long been tipped as a future leader of the party.
The Nexus for Exoplanet System Science initiative will include scientists from 10 universities including Stanford, the University of California and Yale. Nasa has set up a website for the public called Planet Hunters which allows anyone to search the data gathered by Kepler, which launched six years ago. Announcement comes just weeks after Nasa's top scientist predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of the extra-terrestrials.
The video was filmed at an undisclosed location in China. The woman demanded that the man pay compensation for her phone. She is seen slapping him twice in the middle of a busy road. Despite the elderly man promising to pay her back, she continues to berate him in front of witnesses.
Damian Parks, 22, drowned in Daytona Beach on Sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am. He was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on Monday morning. Bethune-Cookman University is investigating Parks death after university administration 'heard rumors' that hazing was involved. Friends said that there was 'no foul play at all' and that is was not hazing. Parks and the men he was swimming with were all part of a step team called Melodic Stepping Experience, which formed last year.
Cleveland's Variety Theater was once the edgiest music venue in town. The venue was closed in 1986 after the ceiling cracked during a Motorhead gig. Photographer Seph Lawless captured haunting images of the venue 30 years later. There are now plans to restore the decaying building to a live music venue.
Unite boss Len McCluskey boasted that the trade union movement 'owns' the Labour Party. He said: 'The Labour Party is our party. We built it, to serve us, the people. Never forget, the rich and powerful have their party, the Tories. And Ukip is no friend  they are frauds, charlatans' The boast comes only 24 hours after Alex Salmond bragged that he would be writing Labours budget.
The pilot scheme is launching in Munich next month and Amazon has teamed up with Audi and DHL to run the initiative. Customers selected for the trial will be given the option to pinpoint the location of their car on a map in delivery options. Once ordered, a DHL delivery driver will receive a temporary digital access code. This code gives the driver keyless access to the boot of the car up until the delivery is made. As soon as the boot is closed the vehicle is locked automatically, and the code is revoked. Amazon said the vehicle can be parked anywhere a delivery driver can access,
The 65-year-old father-of-six is seen greeting Diane Sawyer at his Los Angeles home. He tells the journalist: 'It's going to be an emotional rollercoaster, but somehow I'm gonna get through it' ABC has kept a tight lid on Friday's much talked about broadcast, only releasing a couple of non specific quotes from Bruce. The network is not expected to reveal much more in advance of Friday's program, preferring to give him the opportunity to address the topic in the context of the interview.
SNP leader said predecessor Alex Salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family. Ms Sturgeon insisted she was not'moaning' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians' have had to endure over their appearance. The steely First Minister made the remarks in the latest of five special programmes profiling the main party leaders with their families at home. She also reveals her low-brow TV viewing habits, love of steak and chips and recent image makeover.
There were 3,700 women who served in the Nazi death camps during the Second World War. But only three have been investigated by prosecutors in Germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder. Charlotte S, Gisela S and Charlotte S are the only two to get off scot free for their crimes. All are deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished and are likely to die in their graves. Oskar Groening, known as 'the bookkeeper of Auschwitz', is on trial for complicity in killing 300,000 Jews.
GetUp's new website, The Gender Price Gap, has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women. This is despite the products being identical in almost every way except whether they are targeted towards women or men. Bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits, advertising a button-up shirt, that comes in both'summer blue' and 'blue denim' colour options, on their Australian website for $59.95. Other examples highlighted on the website, which show price increases by as little as 11c or even 1c for items marketed towards females, highlight the absurd
Ravi Beefnah, 34, parked his white Audi A5 outside the dealership in February. He claims the car uses a litre of oil every time he fills it up and wants it fixed. Mr Beefnah claims Audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine. The motorist is taking the dealership to court over their failure to fix it on his car. Audi admits there was a problem with some of the engines and has offered to fix the car.
Institute for Fiscal Studies says voters are 'in the dark' about spending cuts. None of the major parties have given 'anything like full details' on how they will tackle debt. Tories accused of giving 'no detail' about deficit reduction plan which relies on £30billion of cuts.
Stefania La Greca, 36, is running for local elections in Campania, southern Italy. The Lega Sud Ausonia party candidate has posted dozens of pictures of herself in bikinis. But she has denied using her looks to get votes and says she was simply born beautiful. She said: 'We must go beyond appearance. The bikini? And what woman does not wear it?' The sexy snaps have split voters with some criticizing the aspiring politician. Others have praised the sexy candidate for Caldoro in southern Italy for her looks.
Omar Hussain, 27, from High Wycombe, regularly makes videos and posts on social media. Last month he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing clothes. In latest video he accuses a fellow 'brother' of running away from the frontline in Syria. 'When it was only him and me defending the post', he says. Hussain has warned would-be jihadi brides to be wary of fighters who spend too much time online.
Andrew Stewart Wood, 41, was arrested at the Hard Rock Hotel in Orlando, Florida. A guest told a security guard that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises. The guard located Wood and saw him urinating into an ice machine. When he tried to stop him, Wood became belligerent, began shouting and would not cooperate. Police removed Wood from the premises after he refused to stay in his room. He was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and was released from jail.
Nicole Mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse Scott working on his car in their garage in Saratoga Springs, Utah. While she was gone, the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle after the fell off its jack - crushing his chest. Mrs Mayhew, was at work at the time of the accident, began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband. Trusting her intuition, she rushed home to find the father-of-five stuck underneath the car.
Karlis Bardelis, 30, was attempting to scale the cliff in Coire an Lochain, Scotland, when the accident happened. Footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose. He continues to fall for three-and-a-half seconds until he's eventually saved by his safety rope.
Foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons. Dubbed a HydraFacial, the treatment costs around $150 (£100) and uses stem cell from an infant's foreskin. One writer who had the treatment hailed its benefits, describing her post-facial confidence as being at 'Beyonce levels' The 30-minute treatment involves a cleansing process using salicylic-and-glycolic-acid peel and an extraction to remove dead skin.
Ali Maffucci, 28, lost 11 kg (almost two stone) in three months through replacing pasta, bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables. The spiralizer is a razor-sharp cutting device that creates thin ribbons of fruits and vegetables, in less time than it takes to peel a potato. Originally a Japanese invention, it allows people to create low-calorie, low-carb pasta, noodles and rice from everyday fruit and vegetables.
Louise Van Ryn has had her letterbox firebombed and received threatening calls, a court has heard. The father of one of her victims has also been seen in her backyard, lawyer Francois Salama told the NSW Supreme Court on Thursday morning. Maurice Van-Ryn pleaded guilty last year to abusing 10 boys and girls, aged eight to 16, over the previous decade. His wife Louise was at the court on Thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order.
Meghan Blalock, 29, is the Managing Editor of fashion website Who What Wear. In a new article published on her website, she describes how she went from a size two to a 'healthy' size eight. She says that being thinner did not mean she was happier, but that she is now more content and contented in her body.
Travel photographer Rhiannon Taylor, 29, has turned her passion for travel into a business. She travels the world reviewing the best hotels, pools and room service. The prolific Instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers on Instagram. Many hotels pay her to stay and review, while others buy her professional pictures. Rhiannon also works with companies who sell travel products to sell on her site.
The 28-year-old Girls star wrote an essay for Seventeen magazine titled 'Why I'm on Team Weirdo For Life' In it, she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a'regular' girl by altering her appearance in high school. Lena said she was so obsessed with her pet rabbit that she fed her bananas from her mouth.
American John Moore's poignant photographs of the outbreak in Liberia were praised by the judges for compassionately illustrating how people's lives were destroyed. The Sony World Photography Award winners were announced at a gala in London last night. Mr Moore's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories including architecture, arts and culture, conceptual, contemporary and landscapes. This year's awards attracted a record-breaking number of entries, with 173,444 images submitted from 171 countries.
James Creag, 11, suffers from the condition Erythropoietic Protoporphyria, which means his skin cannot be exposed to direct sunlight. He was given Dundee Reflective Sunscreen, a thick brown paste which blocks out the light. But when strangers shouted abuse such as 'chocolate face' and 'you're coloured' because of his unusual appearance, he refused to wear it any more. His mother Claire said: 'It was either ignorance or evilness. People think he's different so they taunted him'
Dietitians have singled out a 'happy tummy brew' in Evans' cookbook Bubba Yum Yum: The Paleo Way. It contains almost five times the maximum daily vitamin A dose for a baby. The original recipe for the 'brew' contained more than 10 times the daily intake of vitamin A. Dieticians Association of Australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies. Comes after Evans shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis.
France recently passed a law that bans models from walking the catwalk if their body mass index is deemed too low. Former model Jennifer Sky, 38, from Brooklyn, New York, has revealed that the fashion industry has already found a way around the new law by stuffing Spanx underwear with sandbags to make sure models clock in at a 'healthy' weight. An anonymous model told Jennifer that she participated in Spanish Fashion Week, sometime after the country passed its new weight law in 2006, and recalled being asked to hide weights in her underwear.
Tories have 36% of the vote compared to Labour's 32%, according to ComRes poll. Ukip on ten%, Lib Dems on eight%, Labour on 32%, Ukip on 10% and Greens on five%. One in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back. Men are slightly more inclined to consider voting for the Conservatives than women.
Archaeologists have discovered evidence that Neanderthals regularly inhabited the Cave of Llenes, near Senterada in Catalonia, around 200,000 years ago. The remains of other canivores including cave bears, hyenas, leopards, wolves and badgers have been found in the cave. Scratches on the walls and hibernations nests indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there. It is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about Neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with animals.
Thibaud Jean Leon Vallet, 24, and his cousin Jean Mickael Batrikian, 18, pleaded guilty to animal cruelty. They lit a quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on Rottnest Island. The pair were ordered to pay $4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fine. Animal rights activists have claimed that the pair's punishment was too lenient for their crime. As a result of the incident, both men lost their job.
The incident took place around 10am on Tuesday along Interstate 35W in Fort Worth, Texas. Officers were seen running around armed with lassos as they attempted to catch the stray Shetland foal. Sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner. No accidents or injuries were reported and the equine is said to be fine.
Seven of 17 bingo halls tested had traces of Class A drugs in toilets. One venue in Bristol, Gala Bingo, tested positive for crack cocaine, a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked. Venues let players as young as 18 in, but majority of visitors are pensioners. News comes as figures reveal a spike in drug abuse among the elderly. Public Health England figures show 634 OAPs treated for substance abuse last year.
Janet Street-Porter reveals her list of the things that make her unhappy. She hates it when she discovers her discount vouchers are out of date. The self-confessed bargain hunter is baffled by pay-by-phone car parking. Nothing makes Janet crosser than celebrities claims that any weight-loss is due to eating healthily
Mother-of-one Adele Adkins, 26, has earned £5million in the last year bringing her fortune to £50million. She has twice the wealth of her nearest competitors, the four remaining members of One Direction, plus Zayn Malik, who are worth £25million each. Ed Sheeran, 24, has enjoyed the years biggest rise, with a £13million boost to his fortune. Sir Paul McCartney, 72, and his wife Nancy Shevell, 55, top the list of the richest musicians overall.
The former U.S. Army General was sentenced to two years probation and fined $100,000 for giving his mistress Paula Broadwell eight binders of classified material he had improperly kept from his time as the top military commander in Afghanistan. He was wearing his wedding ring at the hearing in Charlotte, North Carolina but was not accompanied by his wife, Holly. Petraeus, 62, had agreed two months ago to plead guilty to a misdemeanor count of unauthorized removal and retention of classified information. Critics have noted that in other cases concerning government leaks, defendants have received far harsher punishments.
Clarence David Moore, 66, escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life, living in Kentucky since at least 2009. His health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking. When Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton showed up at Moore's house to make the 'arrest,' Moore was in a hospital bed. He broke down in tears. He told the sheriff he needed medical help. Moore was convicted of larceny of more than $200 in North Carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT MAY OFFEND READERS. Shocking images show two gay men being savagely murdered by ISIS jihadis in Syria. Militants hugged the blindfolded couple and told them they were forgiven of their'sins' Seconds later they pummeled the men to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks. Images of the horrific murder emerged on social media this afternoon and were hurriedly shared online by ISIS sympathisers.
Chris Christie appeared on The Tonight Show Wednesday evening and called out Jimmy Fallon for his weight jokes about him. The New Jersey governor asked Fallon, 'If I look great, what the hell's with all the jokes every night?' To make amends, Fallon gave Christie his favorite food - ice cream - and he took two spoons for himself. Christie has not yet announced if he plans to run for president, but he made it clear that he will not be changing himself just to win office.
Natural World Safaris has launched a new series of Ultimate Safari adventures. The grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world's most elusive and enchanting wildlife. Divided into four areas: Primates, Bears, Big Cats and Marine Life, the safari can be taken over 203 days.
Bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit. It has not been working for two years after every fixed device was switched off. Mystery surrounds who re-pointed the camera in Handsworth, Birmingham. One of their engineers will visit the site and the camera could be removed.
14-year-old British boy remanded in custody after appearing in court today. He is accused of plotting to carry out a 'Lee Rigby-style' attack during Anzac Day ceremony. Teenager from Blackburn, Lancashire, is thought to be youngest charged with terror offences in UK. Charged with inciting an Australian teenager to behead, run over or shoot a police officer. Also alleged to have encouraged Sevdet Besim, 18, to kill a 'loner' in their own home. Five other men have also been arrested by Australian counter-terrorism officers.
At 47 stone (660lb) Bettie Jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs. She lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce and was unable to care for herself. Husband Josh was in charge of the shopping and meals and kept her fed. But he has admitted he didn't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight. 'I thought if she lost weight she wouldn't need me anymore. I didn't want her dropping weight and leaving me,' he said.
One in seven U.S. residents will be an immigrant by 2023, according to the Center for Immigration Studies. By 2060, immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country. Number could rise to one in five by 2060 when immigrant population reaches 78 million. President Barack Obama is trying to use executive powers to expand immigration policies. This could exempt about five million undocumented immigrants from deportation. Republican presidential candidates have to figure out what their stance is on the subject.
Curtis Stone is back in Australia to promote his new cookbook, Good Food, Good Life. The celebrity chef lives in Los Angeles with his actress wife Lindsay Price and their two boys, Hudson, 3, and Emerson, 7 months. Stone says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food. 'I don't want him to have all the nitrates and c*** that's in a hot dog,' he says.
Scientists in The Netherlands were using the Lofar radio telescope. They found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays. A storm can have hundreds of millions of volts over multiple kilometres. The method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds. Lightning is a highly unpredictable natural phenomenon that inflicts damage to infrastructure and claims victims around the world.
Former Wisconsin sheriff's deputy Andrew Steele has been found not legally responsible in the killing of his wife and sister-in-law. A jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on Thursday. Steele had pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the August 22 shooting deaths of Ashlee Steele, 39, and her sister, Kacee Tollefsbol, 38. Defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged Steele's brain, making him not criminally responsible for the deaths. In a mostly incoherent,
Prosecco has long been seen as the second choice to champagne in the UK. But last year UK sales overtook those of champagne for the first time - £181.8m compared with £141.3m. The rise of this once humble sparkling wine is due to word of mouth. It comes from a particular area in north-eastern Italy, spanning the Veneto and Friuli regions.
Andrew Hutchinson, 29, was convicted of 23 sexual offences at Oxford Crown Court. He raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at John Radcliffe Hospital Oxford where he worked in the A&E department between 2011 and 2013. In 2009 a student nurse reported him for taking inappropriate photographs at the hospital. Hutchinson was reported to police separately after being caught filming women as they changed at the White Horse Leisure Centre in Abingdon.
Identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes, meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from. But researchers at the University of Huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins. Method is called high resolution melt curve analysis (HRMA) The more hydrogen bonds present in DNA, the higher the temperature needed to melt them.
Manuel Valls said five terrorist attacks have been foiled in France since Charlie Hebdo massacre. Follows arrest of Sid Ahmed Ghlam, 24, who was allegedly preparing to storm churches. He was allegedly armed with an armoury of weapons, including Kalashnikov assault rifles. Ghlam was caught on Sunday after accidently shooting himself in the leg after allegedly murdering Aurelie Chatelain, a 33-year-old fitness instructor. DNA evidence also reportedly links him to the murder of mother-of-one Aurelie. Police are now hunting for at least two accomplices linked to
Volcano Calbuco, in Chile's south, erupted suddenly at 6pm local time on Wednesday. It is believed to be among the country's three most dangerous volcanoes, but was not under any special observation. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada, about 10 miles away, after the eruption. Volcano's last major eruption was in 1961, with a weak eruption following in 1972. The National Mining and Geology Service issued a high alert, setting up a 12.5-mile exclusion zone around the volcano.
Jamelia said obese women'should feel uncomfortable' about their size. Said high street stores should not be catering for them on Loose Women. Now the plus-size industry has spoken out about her comments. Alice Dogruyol, Founder of all-inclusive denim brand, Beauty in Curves, believes that Jamelias message to women is incredibly disturbing.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Carl Bradey suffered horrific burns to his whole body after he rescued a three-year-old girl from a raging house fire last month. The 25-year old smashed through a window to rescue the child of a family friend, suffering nerve damage that has left him unable to feel anything in his right arm. He has undergone four major operations, including multiple skin grafts and the removal of a damaged vein. Bradey's family have created a crowdfunding page to help him get his life back on track.
The Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative under- or over-reported millions of dollars in donations from foreign governments in their tax returns. The charities will be refiling at least five years of tax returns and may audit returns as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors. For three years in a row beginning in 2010, the Clinton. Foundation reported to the IRS that it received zero in funds. from foreign and U.S. governments, a dramatic fall-off from the. tens of millions in foreign government contributions. reported in preceding years.
Henry Rayhons, 78, was accused of having sex with his wife Donna at her nursing home. He had always insisted he and his wife had kissed on the night in question but they had not had sex. Medical tests could not conclusively prove they had recently had sex and allegations were made by another patient in a bed nearby, who was unsure whether they had had intercourse or not. The Iowa farmer was emotional as the not guilty verdict was read out in court. Had he been found guilty he could have faced up to ten years in prison.
DJ Pete Tong will pay 'homage to Ibiza and its infectious, energetic brand of club music' It will take place on July 29, coinciding with the 20th anniversary of Radio 1's broadcasts from Ibiza. Live music will be played by the Jules Buckley Heritage Orchestra, which has worked with Arctic Monkeys, Professor Green and Basement Jaxx. BBC accused of 'undermining' the Proms by bringing in fake originality.
Quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states, including parts of Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Ohio, Oklahoma and Texas. Quakes, they said, were sometimes caused by fracking, in which large volumes of water, sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas. Study identified 17 areas in the central and eastern US with increased rates of induced seismicity. Researchers say there have been'substantial increases since 2009 that continue today'
Director of Public Prosecrets Alison Saunders says she is 'not afraid' of legal challenge. Says she is convinced Labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia. In first interview since she announced Lord Janner would not face trial she refused to quit. Victims and leading politicians have accused her of 'damaging public confidence' in the justice system. Three investigations into claims made by 25 alleged victims over 25 years were botched.
Deputy finance minister Dimitras Mardas said country was 'running on empty' since February. He said Greece was about ¬350-400m short of funds needed to pay salaries and pensions. But two hours later, he said the money had been found from social security funds. Greece's biggest tax office had its electricity cut off yesterday after finance ministry failed to pay its power bills.
Jake Malone met a woman calling herself 'RiLi' on a social website 11 months ago. She contacted him after becoming divorced and he decided to visit her in South China. But after turning up at her company's address, he discovered it had been closed for years. Mr Malone has not been able to contact her after the website they use to communicate was shut down. He has turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track her down.
Anika Stanford is helping police with the murder case against her son Vincent Stanford. Vincent, 24, has been charged with the Easter Sunday murder of Stephanie Scott. Ms Stanford is believed to have given police information which led them to a road in Cocoparra National Park, where they discovered Ms Scott's burnt remains. The much-loved teacher's family buried her in an emotional funeral on Wednesday. A memorial service for Ms Scott, 26, took place in Eugowra in NSW's central west on Wednesday, at the venue where her wedding was due to be held. She
Brew will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm in Oregon, US. Sewage treatment firm Clean Water Services will hand effluent over to microbrewers. Regulators say it poses'very low human health risk' and will be treated to'very high standards' There will only be ten barrels of beer made and it won't be available in shops.
Fiona 'Kitty' Carroll was at Kemah Boardwalk Marina with her father on Wednesday but when he checked on her 'after a brief moment', she was gone, police said. Her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl. Authorities launched sea, land and air searches but found nothing. On Thursday morning, the girl's body was found near where she is believed to have fallen. She had celebrated her fifth birthday on the day she went missing, family members said.
Virtual studio DesignCrowd asked people to submit images of what Paris would look like without the Eiffel Tower. Nearly 100 submissions have been created, with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high tower. The absence of the giant tower left the landscape feeling bare and flat, although it did allow for views from the Trocadéro Gardens to the Champ de Mars.
Darren Jones was due to take part in a live TV debate on Made in Bristol. The Labour candidate started swaying on his feet in front of worried audience. 28-year-old approached presenter Ellie Pitt, taking off his glasses. He then collapsed in front the studio audience seconds before going on air. Channel was forced to cut to commercials as Mr Jones recovered on the floor. An ambulance was called and the programme was delayed for nine minutes.
Ivan Balashov was browsing smartphones in a shop in Novokuznetsk, Russia. He took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake Reebok top to take a selfie. But after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough, he grabbed another. The 22-year-old then headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security. When police arrived they quickly discovered his selfie on the phone and recognised him. Balashov found guilty and given a three month suspended sentence.
Kevin Rebbie, 56, of Limerick Township, Pennsylvania, faces several charges, including aggravated indecent assault and unlawful contact with a minor. A 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera in her bathroom that police were able to trace back to the man. Investigators found 41 videos that included footage of the girl and others while they used the bathroom, 34 of which showed victims as they showered. Rebbie admitted to filming several victims, including other juveniles, but had purchased the camera specifically so he could record the girl.
Deborah Kane, from Manchester, had her right eye removed three years ago. The 46-year-old believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in Lanzarote. She also bought cheap sunglasses without proper UV protection. 'I want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses,' she says.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond met Top Gear executive producer Andy Wilman today. It was the first time the trio were seen together since Clarkson was axed last month. BBC confirmed today that Mr Wilman had handed in his resignation to bosses. Comes just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the BBC. Mr Wilman, a childhood friend of Clarkson, helped revamp motoring show Top Gear. He is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel, sparking speculation they are working on a new motoring series to be aired by Netflix,
Christie's Magnificent Jewels auction will take place in Geneva on May 13. The auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries. Overall, the auction is expected to raise in excess of £53million. Most important piece is the Maria Christina Royal Devant-de-Corsage brooch, presented as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XII of Spain to his wife, the Archduchess Maria Christina of Austria.
Koby Hodder was playing British Bulldog when he suffered a cardiac arrest. His heart suddenly stopped beating blood around his body and he collapsed. Teachers at Kobys school in Doncaster, were able to give him CPR until paramedics arrived and saved his life. The 10-year-old was later diagnosed with the same heart condition as footballer Fabrice Muamba, a former Bolton Wanderers player who collapsed in 2012. Mr Muamba was 'effectively dead' for 78 minutes and had to be shocked 15 times before his heart restarted.
East of England ambulance service released list of 1,248 inappropriate call outs. Two ambulances sent to Epping Forest after caller said'someone' had been run down. But the 'victim' turned out to be a squirrel that had been hit by a car in the forest. Another man said he had dropped his burger and it was 'bleeding' in Basildon, Essex. Woman in Chelmsford said she felt ill after eating too much takeaway and man in Peterborough said his feet hurt after wearing tight shoes.
Lyvette Crespo, 43, has been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter in the shooting death of her husband, Bell Gardens, California Mayor Daniel Daniel Crespo. The widow claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading to his death. She says she shot him after he punched their 19-year-old son, who'd tried intervening during an argument. However, the late mayor's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving she is a cold-blooded killer. 'I'll find out who... u got flowers for. Has
Alejandro Bouvier of Uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft in Cancun, Mexico. Footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path. 'Look out, look out!' a man behind the camera can be heard screaming.
Dr Mohammad Ali Jawad allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in London. He allegedly dimmed the lights, shut the blinds and asked her to dance to music of Julio Iglesias. The eminent plastic surgeon is alleged to have asked her: 'Do you see me as a man or a surgeon?' He denies all allegations of misconduct and will give evidence via videolink from Karachi. Dr Jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on Katie Piper.
Ten doctors sent a letter to Columbia University urging the school to remove TV celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz from his faculty position. The doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan' who promotes 'quack treatments' and as someone who 'has repeatedly shown disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine' The 54-year-old didn't pull any punches in Thursday's episode of The Dr. Oz Show which was called The Truth About His Critics. 'The 10 doctors who attacked me got what they wanted  sensational headlines and sound bites,' said Oz. A report followed revealing how some of the 10
Land in lower 48 states worth combined $23trillion in 2009, according to new study. Washington DC had the highest value, with land costing more than $1million per acre. California was the most valuable state overall at $3.9trillion while Vermont was worth only $44billion. Northeastern states including New Jersey, Connecticut and Massachusetts all have per acre values above $100,000.
Dutch natural scientist Antoni van Leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric. In 1677, at the age of 41, he used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment. He took three lice, nestled them among the hairs of his calf, rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days. On the seventh day, he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice.
The first black woman to become the top U.S. law enforcement. official, Lynch, 55, was approved by a 56-43 vote. Curiously absent from the final vote was Texas Senator Ted Cruz - a key opponent of Lynch's nomination. He was the only member of the Senate who did not cast a vote. A copy of a Cruz for President invitation later began flying around Twitter that showed the GOP presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former Texas Rangers owner and billionaire Tom Hicks.
Cardinal Francis George was remembered Thursday as a man of deep faith, intellect and compassion as Catholics said their final goodbyes to the man who led the nation's third-largest archdiocese. Seattle Archbishop J. Peter Sartain, who delivered the homily at a packed funeral Mass at Chicago's Holy Name Cathedral, said: 'The cardinal's faith was simple, direct, without pretense or embarrassment' George, a Chicago native, died Friday at age 78, of kidney cancer. He was to be buried Thursday in his family's plot at All Saints Cemetery in nearby Des Plaines
Mysterious cardboard signs have appeared all over the Surrey village of Milford. Written in black marker pen they read: 'I love you do much please forgive what I said please' Speculation as to the identity of the author and the reason behind the contrite gesture.
The classic ANZAC biscuit recipe features rolled oats, desiccated coconut, and golden syrup. FEMAIL asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic recipe. From sugar-free, to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version... and even a raw recipe.
Andrea Yates drowned her five children in the bathtub of their Texas home in 2001. She was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison. But an appeals court granted her a retrial and in 2006 she was found not guilty by reason of insanity and moved to a mental health facility. Her husband, Russell 'Rusty' Yates, has since remarried and has a five-year-old son. He said her murder trial was the 'cruelest thing I have ever witnessed' He insisted her actions were 'completely a result of her illness' and she
Prime Minister pledges to deliver effective 'home rule' for England. English MPs will be given same powers to set tax rates as those in Scotland. Cameron says English MPs must be given veto on legislation that no longer applies. Will mean English, Welsh and Northern Irish MPs being able to set a separate rate of income tax to that in Scotland with MPs north of the border having no say.
A dozen Native American extras and the cultural adviser walked off the set of Adam Sandler's new movie The Ridiculous 6 on Wednesday. The actors were upset by the script's jokes about their race and culture. One of the actors, Navajo Nation tribal member Loren Anthony, said the film was offensive towards Native American women. He also said that though the film is about the Apache, the extras were dressed more like Comanche with braids and chokers. Sandler and his production company Happy Madison have yet to comment, though Netflix, who is producing the movie, did release a statement.
Brock Guzman, 8-year-old son of Paul and Suzanne Guzman of Fairfield, California, was taken from his home while he slept in the family car on Monday morning. His father, Paul, left him in the car to run inside and get something while he got ready to drive him to school, and someone stole the car. When he and his wife reported their son missing, police arrived on the scene and said they thought there was blood inside the home. Suzanne refused to let them in, and they say she was trying to protect them from their two dogs, who
John Hinckley Jr. has been dating a woman he met at a Mentally Ill meeting. This was revealed by his brother Scott during a hearing to determine if he should be released from St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington. Hinckley currently splits his time between the hospital and his mother's home in Williamsburg, Virginia. He was found not guilty by reason of insanity for shooting President Reagan back in 1981.
Juan Carlos was romancing Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein for the last ten years of his reign. The aristocrat is 27 years younger than the 77-year-old former Spanish king. He was so smitten with her that he even considered divorcing his wife, Sofia. Final De Partida, by Ana Romero, sold out within 24 hours of being published. Author's claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources.
Social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during New South Wales worst storm in a decade. A waterfall gushing over the Harbour Bridge, a man surfing waves in front of the Opera House and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the Sydney storm. The more unbelievable Photoshop jobs included a photo of Noahs Ark majestically cruising into Sydney Harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a Bondi house with sand pouring through its doors.
A police officer has been charged with leaking confidential information about the arrest of fallen AFL star Ben Cousins to his reporter girlfriend. First Class Constable Daniel Jamieson is said to have been dating Monique Dirksz at the time. She was the only journalist outside Freemantle Police station at 2am on March 12 when Cousins was released on bail. The troubled star was arrested on March 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from Bicton to Mosman Park, in Perth. Acting Police Commissioner Steve Brown said the policeman allegedly looked up the information on a police computer. He is also concerned about
Ahmed Gaddaf al-Dam is a former minister and Muammar Gaddafi's cousin. He says the 'overwhelming chaos' in Libya will 'haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the Libyan armed forces in 2011' But senior Conservative minister William Hague has defended the government's role in helping to overthrow the dictator. About 800 people are believed to have died when a fishing boat carrying migrants overturned off Libyan waters, south of the Italian island of Lampedusa, shortly after midnight on Sunday.
NBC journalist Jeff Rossen filmed an airport worker at LaGuardia Airport in New York doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane. Footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt. Rossen later uploaded the 12-second clip of the pro-active employee to social media along with the caption: 'Hardest working man at  LaGuardia...from my window'
The Porsche 911 Carrera was crushed by a builder's lorry in Nottingham. Both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road. Car's battery was hanging out of the front of the crumpled bonnet, only connected by a single wire.
David Billing, 48, was diagnosed with mouth cancer after being unable to swallow. He had to have 14 hours of surgery at Royal Derby Hospital to remove the tumour. Surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue. They replaced the lost tissue with muscle from Mr Billing's arm - which still has hairs on it. Now preparing to run the London Marathon to raise money for Cancer Research.
Poet Rupert Brooke died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27. Letters show he had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before his death. Among them are Cathleen Nesbitt, Phyllis Gardner and Laurence Olivier's cousin Noël. Lovers complained about his refusal to take their relationships seriously.
Mark West, 32, will serve four months prison and eight years probation after pleading guilty to having sex with a student at Spring High School in Spring, Texas, in 2012. He had previously said the girl instigated the moment, seducing him by saying she was 'feeling horny' The girl admitted as such to police, telling them she encouraged him to have sex with her. But the judge was scathing in handing down her punishment, saying that just three weeks after the incident the girl graduated, which would have made their encounter legal.
Oskar Groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder. He told the Lueneburg state court on Thursday during the third day of his trial that it was 'unimaginable' to him that Jewish inmates would leave the camp alive. The 93-year-old's answer came in response to a question from attorneys representing Auschwitz survivors who have joined the trial as co-plaintiffs. On Wednesday he described how cattle cars full of Jews were brought to the Auschwitz death camp, the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers.
41 million tonnes of 'e-waste' worth over £34billion were discarded globally in 2014, according to a shocking report by United Nations University. But only 6 million tonnes was recycled properly. The whole of the African continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet'millions of tonnes' of broken products end up there. Young boys trawling through the western world's scraps, dismantling old stereos and burning components to recover scrap metal which they can sell for small amounts of money.
Bruce Davis, 72, was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician Gary Hinman and stuntman Donald 'Shorty' Shea. He was 30 years old at the time. Davis, who once bragged of cutting Shea's head off, claimed he has turned his life around in prison, earning a doctoral degree in philosophy, becoming religious and ministering to other inmates. The parole board cited those accomplishments, along with his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in March last year. Gov. Jerry Brown rejected that decision in August, saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality
Chris Early, who owns a production company in Knoxville, Tennessee, bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too. The tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to ABC News, showing how he is now able monitor his child's whereabouts from the skies.
The case centers on charges that Deutsche Bank derivatives traders manipulated the London InterBank Offered Rate, used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world. Deutsche Bank employees defrauded counterparties in emails, telephone calls and electronic chats, the US said. The $2.5 billion fine is a record for interest-rate manipulation.
FEMAIL rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly. Lindsay Lohan, Johnny Depp, Britney Spears and Kate Moss all show signs of ageing. Renée Zellweger, Macaulay Culkin and Angelina Jolie among those to have aged badly.
Dave Lee Travis, 69, convicted of indecently assaulting a woman at Mrs Merton Show. Conviction came after lengthy legal proceedings which saw him cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial in February last year. He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, suspended for two years. At costs application hearing today, he was awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial. Travis was told he will be awarded more than £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court, as well as a further £630 for hotel stays while he was in court. His lawyer
Gang rented a restaurant across the road from Guanghui Temple in Zhengdin County, North China. While the front was serving snacks, a team on the inside dug their way towards the temple's famous Hua Pagoda with shovels, ladders, and power drills. Police discovered a seven-metre-deep tunnel that led to a 50m-long underground passage. Five men were arrested following a tip-off, but three are still on the run.
Ruben Blundell, 6, helped deliver his brother Theo, who was four days overdue. His mother Michelle Madden, 30, of Rhos on Sea, Conwy, Wales, went into labour at home. Ruben fetched towels and even told his mother to breathe as she gave birth to baby Theo. Proud Michelle, an NVQ assessor in health and social care, praised her elder son.
The 24-year-olds were both arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on Wednesday afternoon and booked into jail but later released. Several people at the couple's home in Goodyear, Arizona tried to stop Griner and Johnson from fighting after an argument turned physical, according to a police report. Griner told police officers that she and her fiancee had just bought their first home together and had been arguing a lot. The pair announced their engagement late last summer and are expected to wed next month.
Joan Cheever, founder of The Chow Train non-profit food truck, was serving hot meals out of her personal pickup truck because it is more compact. Cheever was issued a citation and a $2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck. San Antonio city officials stated that Cheever was cited for failing to adhere to long-standing regulations that are in place to ensure public health and safety The Chow Train founder is scheduled to go before a judge June 23 to fight the fine.
Year 11 pupil's drink was spiked with hydrochloric acid at Hounsdown School. She was left needing urgent medical treatment after drinking the potentially lethal liquid. Two pupils have been suspended following the incident at the specialist science college. Headteacher Julie Turvey said the school is taking the matter'very seriously'
Michelle Carter, 18, appeared in court in New Bedford, Massachusetts, on Thursday. She was charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of Conrad Roy III last July. Her lawyers are trying to have the case moved out of Bristol County due to a 'conflict of interest' The District Attorney is the third cousin of the victim's third cousin. Carter is accused of encouraging her friend to take his life in the days leading up to his death. Police say she sent him more than 1,000 text messages encouraging him to kill himself. But her lawyers say she was actually trying to help
More than 200 people queued overnight to get their hands on prizes at Aldi store. The store in Avlaston, Derbyshire, officially opened its doors at 8am this morning. Golden tickets were given away to the first 100 people through the doors. Former Derby County player Craig Ramage, now a BBC commentator, cut the ribbon.
South Carolina Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy said he wants Clinton to testify the week of May 18 and again before June 18. The move will set up a high-profile showdown over Clinton's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state. Gowdy's action comes a day after the GOP-led panel signaled its final report could slip to next year, just months before the presidential election. Clinton dodged questions about the Benghazi attacks on Tuesday after landing in Washington, D.C. following a two-day presidential campaign swing in New Hampshire.
Doug Hughes, 61, is 'lucky to be alive' and'should have been blown out of the air,' Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, chairman of the House Oversight committee, said. Hughes steered his small gyrocopter through protected Washington airspace for 30 miles to the U.S. Capitol, tracked by the nation's top security agencies, which feared harming tourists on the National Mall if they tried to shoot him down. A 'judgment call' was made not to shoot Hughes down, Chaffetz said.
Jules Bianchi remains in a coma after a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix. The Formula One driver sustained a severe head injury when he crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Suzuka Circuit on October 5. Bianchi's father has spoken of the pain his family has felt since the accident. Philippe Bianchi said his son is 'fighting fiercely' and his condition is stable.
Kate Temple was called a 'homewrecker' by Shelley Williams who accused her of affair. Temple and her sister Louise Scollen got into a scuffle at hog roast in Seaham, County Durham. 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar. Police found the missing portion of Miss Williams' ear the following day. She was jailed for 20 months after she admitted inflicting grievous bodily harm.
Juventus beat Monaco 1-0 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night. Arturo Vidal scored from the penalty spot after Ricardo Carvalho gave away a penalty after Alvaro Morata was tripped in the area. The Chile international sent Monaco goalkeeper Danijel Subasic the wrong way from the spot. Andrea Pirlo missed two good chances to put his side in the lead in the first half but his searching ball from the boot of Carlos Tevez was not enough to give his side the lead. Juventus face Monaco
Bristol City are eight points clear at the top of League One. Steve Cotterill's side have won the Johnstone's Paint Trophy and League Cup this season. Owner Steve Lansdown has ploughed his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else. The Robins are on the brink of promotion back to the Championship. Lansdown's side face Bradford at Valley Parade on Tuesday night.
Emily Clark, 20, of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass, 20 of Leesburg, Abbie Deloach, 21, Catherine Pittman, 21 and Caitlyn Baggett, 21 of Millen, perished early Wednesday morning on their way to school. Fellow students Brittney McDaniel, of Reidsville, and Megan Richards, of Loganville, survived the crash but were hospitalized with injuries. The driver of the tractor-trailer that caused the massive pileup reportedly said he wished he was also killed in the fiery wreck, but it was no consolation to the students' grief-str
Jay Dasilva is the eldest of three brothers to join Chelsea's academy. The 17-year-old left back is earmarked for first team potential at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho will promote one of Chelsea's youngsters next season. Ruben Loftus-Cheek will be with the first-team squad at the start of pre-season. Nathaniel Chalobah, Dominic Solanke and Cesar Azpilicueta have also impressed.
Emmanuel Adebayor has spent a large chunk of the campaign on the substitutes' bench for Tottenham. The 31-year-old's last start in the Premier League was against Aston Villa on November 2. Since then, he has pocketed £3.4million in wages. This is the final year Manchester City will contribute to his £100,000-a-week wages at White Hart Lane. West Ham came to the table with an offer to take the forward on loan for the rest of the season.
Aaron Hernandez, 25, was convicted on April 15 of killing Odin Lloyd, 27, in 2013. He was sentenced to life in prison and spent his first week at Cedar Junction prison. On Wednesday, he was moved to the maximum-security Souza-Baranowski Correctional Center in Shirley, Massachusetts. The prison houses more than 1,000 inmates, many of whom are serving life sentences, and is named for two department employees killed during a failed escape attempt in 1972.
Downey Jnr was being interviewed by Krishnan Guru-Murthy for Channel 4. Was promoting new blockbuster Avengers: Age of Ultron, which premiered in UK on Tuesday. Interview got personal when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison. Actor, 50, said: 'I could pick that apart for two hours and be no closer to the truth than giving you some half-arsed answer right now. I couldn't even tell you what a liberal is'
Attorneys for Brown's parents, Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., filed the complaint at the St. Louis County Courthouse on Thursday. The family's lawsuit is seeking $75,000 in compensation, as well as unspecified punitive damages, and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques 'that demean, disregard, or underserve its African-American population' Brown, 18, was unarmed and walking in the street with a friend on August 9 when Wilson told them to move to the sidewalk. That led to a confrontation and a heated scuffle between Brown and Wilson
Lee Tomlin opened the scoring for Middlesbrough with a fine solo effort. Patrick Bamford doubled the lead on 66 minutes with a cool left-footed finish. The Chelsea loanee saw his penalty saved by Emiliano Martinez late on. Middlesbrough bounced back from their defeat to Watford with a 2-0 win.
Nigerian Muslims on a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 African refugees became angry when one Christian passenger began praying for his life. One of the Muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop, saying: 'Here, we only pray to Allah' When he refused, a violent fight ensued and 12 Christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the Muslim refugees. News comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in Africa have been rescued by Italian ships in the past week. But over 900 making the perilous journey have either died or gone missing since the start of the
Scott Turner Schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on The Bold and the Beautiful. Schofield is a performer, speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues. He will be playing Nick, a mentor of sorts to the character of Maya Avant, played by Karla Mosley, who is struggling with her gender identity.
Roberto Carlos has picked his Champions League dream team. The former Real Madrid defender won the competition three times in five seasons with Los Blancos, lifting the famous trophy in 1998, 2000 and 2002. Iker Casillas, Cafu, Ronaldinho, Paolo Maldini and Clarence Seedorf all feature in Carlos' team.
Fulham will sound out Brentford manager Mark Warburton about taking over at Craven Cottage. Owner Shahid Khan planning to release a budget of £20million to spend on new players. Championship strugglers are deliberating over the future of Kit Symons. Warburton's impressive record at Brentford has made him a leading contender.
Referee Anthony Taylor sprinted past Lee Cattermole during Yannick Bolasie's hat-trick for Crystal Palace in their 4-1 win over Sunderland. Gary Cahill looks to be winning the battle for his place in Chelsea's defence. Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina has kept six clean sheets since replacing Wojciech Szczesny. Vincent Kompanys recovery from a hamstring injury was supposed to be the boost Manchester City needed towards the end of the season.
Portsmouth have sacked manager Andy Awford. The League Two club parted company with Awford at a meeting at the club's Roko training ground this morning. Awford's future had been in doubt as they slipped away from the play-off places. Assistant manager Gary Waddock is will take caretaker charge.
Eden Hazard has scored 18 goals in all competitions for Chelsea this season. The 24-year-old Belgian has won Player of the Year or Young Player of Year every season since 2009 with Lille or Chelsea. Hazard joined Chelsea from Lille in 2012 and put pen to paper on a new five-and-a-half-year deal in February. Chelsea are on the brink of winning the Premier League for the first time since 2010.
Barcelona beat Valencia 2-0 in their La Liga encounter at the Nou Camp on Saturday. Lionel Messi scored with the last kick of the game and Luis Suarez scored in the first minute. The Argentine has now scored 400 goals for Barcelona in 471 games for the club. Valencia captain Dani Parejo missed a penalty in the ninth minute but it was saved by Claudio Bravo. Barcelona move five points clear of Real Madrid at the top of the table.
Douglas Bader was shot down over France in August 1941 and ended up in a German prison camp in Warburg. There he was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in The Great Escape starring Steve McQueen and Richard Attenborough. Baders life story has already been the subject of the successful film Reach for the Sky in 1956 starring Kenneth More. Latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the Warburg escape by historian Mark Felton called Zero Night.
Radamel Falcao started for Manchester United against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard opened the scoring for the Premier League leaders with a first-half strike. Falcao was denied space and room to breathe by John Terry and Gary Cahill. The Colombian forward has struggled to impose himself on the game.
Chelsea are nine points clear at the top of the Premier League table. Jose Mourinho's side face Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday. Hammersmith and Fulham council have delivered a letter to residents of the area. The letter outlines a victory parade planned for May 25 should Chelsea win the title. Chelsea are 10 points clear of Manchester City with five games remaining.
Leonie Granger, 25, targeted playboy Mehmet Hassan, 56, at a casino in London. Care assistant used her good looks to befriend the poker player at the Palm Beach Casino. He showered her with gifts, cash and trips to fancy restaurants, court heard. But after going back to his flat she made excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and an accomplice could get inside. They tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home. Judge William Kennedy today described the attack as 'pitiless and wicked' Granger
Brent Council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer for Robert Clark. This is despite the fact he has already spent £50,000 of his life savings paying for care. The pensioner is one of Britain's oldest surviving PoWs and is blind and deaf in one ear. For the past two years he has used his savings to pay towards the £960-a-week cost of a carer. But as his money runs out, the council is refusing to increase its funding for Mr Clark.
Juan Cuadrado has failed to make an impact at Chelsea. Wilfried Bony has scored just one goal for Manchester City this season. Mauro Zarate is yet to score or create a goal for Queens Park Rangers. Callum McManaman's move to West Brom has coincided with the Baggies' slip into relegation battle. Filip Djuricic has struggled with an ankle problem at Southampton.
Human Harvest: Chinas Organ Trafficking will show how researchers around the world - including human rights lawyer David Matas and former Canadian member of parliament David Kilgour - began to uncover the gory details. The pair have spent years investigating organ trafficking in China, and it's claimed that political prisoners are being used as live organ donors. They believe the organs come from members of the Falun Gong movement  a quasi-religious group with millions of followers, which is banned by the Chinese Government. This despite the fact 10,000 organs are transplanted in China every year,
Philippe Coutinho was given the opportunity to speak to Pele last month. The Liverpool midfielder described it as the 'ultimate honour' to meet Brazil legend Pele. Coutinho is on the six-man shortlist for the PFA Player of the Year award. Liverpool travel to Wembley to face Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday.
Newcastle have lost seven straight Premier League games under interim boss John Carver. Mike Ashley has never been Mr Popular at St James' Park but the protests have ramped up recently. The Newcastle owner is not a football man, certainly not in the same way as the increasing number of disillusioned supporters. It does not help that Ashley has taken a neanderthal approach to negative criticism, frequently banning journalists from St James because they have gone into bat for the teams disaffected supporters.
Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid drew 0-0 in Champions League first leg. Raphael Varane impressed again for Real Madrid - and was saved by Jan Oblak. Gareth Bale again failed to make an impact as he missed a one-on-one chance. Atletico Madrid are good at replacing strikers after they are perennially taken by bigger teams. Mario Mandzukic doesn't play for Liverpool... he plays for Atletico.
Carter and Jack Hanson, who live in Raleigh, North Carolina, met their hero on the USS Yorktown in Charleston, South Carolina. Mr Harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship decades before the twins were born. The three friends had an emotional first meeting on the retired war ship during a recent visit to Charleston.
Historian Stephen Chambers has collected more than 100 rare photographs of the Gallipoli landings to mark the centenary of WWI's catastrophic campaign. They include poignant images of soldiers from their preparation for the first landings right up until the evacuation in January 1916. An estimated 1,000 Allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until January 1916, when the Allies fooled the Turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers. Today, world leaders were joined by Princes Charles and Harry on the Royal Navy's flagship HMS Bulwark in Turkey's Dardanelles straits.
Dougie Freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at Nottingham Forest. Freedman has stabilised the club since replacing Stuart Pearce in February. Forest's owners are pleased with Freedman's job at the City Ground. They made an audacious bid for play-off places when Freedman replaced Pearce.
Chelsea drew 0-0 with Arsenal at the Emirates on Sunday afternoon. John Terry was at the heart of Chelsea's solid defensive display. Jose Mourinho said it was the Chelsea captain's best performance under him. Jamie Carragher said Terry is the best defender to have played in the Premier League. Thierry Henry also praised the 34-year-old for bouncing back in the past two seasons.
John Terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well. Chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where Arsenal have lost twice. Manuel Pellegrini's fate will be one of the toughest choices Man City's owners have faced. Pep Guardiola is the dream but it would take a major fallout for him to leave Bayern Munich. Newcastle have been an embarrassment and don't look like adding to their poor form.
Arsenal drew 0-0 with Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. Cesc Fabregas returned to the ground for the first time since leaving for Barcelona in 2011. The Spaniard was booed by the home fans as he returned in a No 10 role in the first half. Fabregas was booked for a dive by referee Michael Oliver for a challenge on David Ospina. Oscar had to be replaced at half-time after a painful-looking collision with goalkeeper David Ospina in the box.
Luka Modric suffered a sprained ligament in his right knee against Malaga. Croatian midfielder could be out for between five and six weeks. Gareth Bale faces a race to be fit for Champions League quarter-final against Atletico Madrid. Carlo Ancelotti's side beat Malaga 3-1 at the Bernabeu on Saturday.
Satellite images reveal China has built an airstrip on disputed territory in South China Sea. It is on Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands which the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan all claim. China's building activity in the region has infuriated neighbouring countries and the U.S. Images reveal the reef was virtually untouched by man-made structures in March 2014 but by March this year, it had been transformed into an artificial island which could be used for military operations. They follow equally disturbing photographs released earlier this month showing a flotilla of Chinese vessels dred
Frank Ernest Shepherd, III of Houston, Texas, led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle. He then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police. The chase lasted roughly 20 minutes before he crashed into a white van and then another car, totaling the front of his car and forcing him to get out. No weapons were found in the car, which was seen riddled with bullet holes after the shooting.
U.S. President Barack Obama said China was using'sheer size and muscle' to bully neighbouring countries. But furious Chinese leadership said it is Washington which possesses the greatest military muscle. Satellite images show Chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificial islands near Spratly Islands. Area is claimed by many countries in the disputed South China Sea, including the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan. China's foreign ministry said the country has 'indisputable rights' to the area and is 'protecting its sovereignty'
Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, tweeted a message of support for the Olympian ahead of his ABC prime time special with Diane Sawyer set to air on Friday night. She compared his expected revelations about his personal journey to the magnitude of what he accomplished as an athlete. It's the first public comment the former beauty queen, who was married to the Olympic gold medalist from 1981 to 1986, has made about his rumored transition from male to female. Linda shared two pictures of the former decathlete, one of him celebrating his victory at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 and one of his
Zermatt in the Upper Valais area of Switzerland has imposed the ban. Animal welfare charity said the dogs were kept in'miserable conditions' The St Bernards are being kept as tourist props by a company in the town. The mayor of the town said the practice will be stamped out by next winter.
Living near a congested road can increase the chance of developing dementia. Researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk. US researchers found evidence that living near congested roads or polluted areas can lead to silent strokes Silent strokes arise from blockages in blood vessels supplying the brain, do not have any outward symptoms and the victim is usually unaware of them.
List is dominated by European nations, particularly those in Scandinavia. Britons are happier now than they were two years ago, but still rank 21st. U.S. is a full 10 places below Canada, ranking at 10th and fifth. Unsurprisingly the world's least happy countries are places ravaged by war. Syria, Burundi and Togo take their place at the bottom of the 158-nation strong list.
Jordan Brennan, 17, was killed after breaking out into Gangnam Style dancing. He was attacked in September last year, as he left his local shop in Gorton, Manchester. His attacker, a 16-year-old boy, claimed Jordan bumped into him as he spun round. As they struggled, Jordan fell back and hit his head on metal shutters before his head hit the floor. Kim Brennan, his mother, says: 'Jordan loved dancing  and he was killed because of it' Killer was jailed for eight months for manslaughter at Manchester Crown Court in March.
Columbia University faculty members have written an op-ed attacking Dr Mehmet Oz's 'unsubstantiated medicine... sullying the reputation' of the university. But they also leap to his defense, saying that his on-air 'Ozisms' should not cancel out his stellar work at the university, where he has an unblemished record as a doctor. The eight staff wrote the piece after 10 doctors urged Columbia to sever all ties with Oz, who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the College of Physicians. Those doctors accused him of being a 'charlatan
Julie Schenecker, 54, was convicted last May of shooting her son Beau, 13, and daughter Calyx, 16, in their upscale Tampa Bay, Florida home in January 2011. In an exclusive jailhouse interview, she has claimed she pulled the trigger to'save' her children, despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being'mouthy' She claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that Calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness. But police disputed the claims, saying she had admitted to killing the children for
Around 15 animals ran away from their pen in Schodack in Rensselaer County on Thursday evening and then swam across the Hudson River. They then started running down the Thruway, a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state, including Buffalo and New York City. Three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire Friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of Coeymans, about 10 miles south of the state capital Albany. Police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold
Charly was patrolling Venice Beach with his minders on Tuesday when he was vandalized. Vandal managed to spray 'RBS' and an arrow on the horse's flank with silver spray paint. The paint came off relatively easily, but police are still trying to find the person responsible. A witness who saw the officer taking a picture of Charly posted their image to Instagram.
Turnham Primary School sent out 'home-school agreement' for new pupils to sign. Includes pledge not to use 'transphobic language' and to be tolerant of different sexual orientations. Chair of governors has apologised for any offence or distress caused to parents or pupils. Contract was sent to parents last week along with letters offering place at the school.
The 1961 Ferrari 250 GT SWB California Spider is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made. But it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring Matthew Broderick. The car, in classic Ferrari red, was the pride and joy of the father of Ferris Bueller's best friend Cameron in the movie. That was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below. This car, however, is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by Ferrari in Mar
Fossicker Ashley Manzie was searching a Melbourne park with his metal detector when he found the medal. It belonged to Frederick George Biddulph, who served with the 23rd Australian Infantry Battalion at Gallipolli between 1914 and 1915. He posted photos of the medal to an online fossicking forum, which led him to Sydney man Stephen Norton. Norton says the medal doesn't belong to Frederick at all, but to his brother Lewis William Biddilph. Frederick never joined the army because he lost two fingers 'blowing up fish' before the war.
Drug firm GlaxoSmithKline has applied for a licence for the RTS,S vaccine. It is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials. Tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-Saharan Africa. Number of cases of malaria confirmed by a doctor was reduced by 36%. But the protection waned over time and boosters worked less well.
Damon Clay, 17, is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta after Monday's attack. Two other teens have been arrested for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child. Clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area. Relatives said the two men accused Clay of stealing a PlayStation 3.
Anthony Trollope introduced post boxes to the UK in 1852 after seeing them in France. The first boxes were erected in Jersey as a trial before appearing across mainland Britain. They were initially painted green, to blend in with the landscape, but that was later changed to red. Red has remained the standard colour for UK boxes with only a few exceptions.
Five-year-old Alexis Douglas was mauled by a neighbour's pitbull earlier this year. She was playing at her sister's friend's house in Melbourne when the dog attacked her. The little girl was left with deep gashes of up to 10cm on her face and required 50 stitches. Her mother Monique Douglas says she cries every day for her daughter who has been left traumatised. But the dog's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his pitbull and was instead handed a $1500 fine by the court. Frankston Magistrates' Court handed dog owner Edward
Business leaders express concerns over 'disastrous Tory campaign' They believe it has been too focussed on 'personal attacks and scaremongering' Cameron's economic record has become the 'background noise' of the campaign, they say. Comes as Ed Miliband is named the bookies' favourite to be the next PM. One business leader said: 'Every time Miliband is visible, he appears credible'
Jay Brittain, 63, was worried that the baby owls at Small Breeds Farm Park and Owl Centre, Herefordshire, look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them. So he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish  in their very own 'talon salon' The first born Tawny owl is given orange talons, the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born, pink.
Michael Hanline, 69, was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver JT McGarry in 1980. On Wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him. In a video posted on April 20 by the California Innocence Project, which has been working to free Hanline since 1999, he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a Carl's Jr asking for a hamburger 'they show on TV with the bacon on it' As he dug into his meal of a large  Mile High Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a drink, it was a special moment for
Kiwi jihadi Mark John Taylor has posted a video to Youtube urging followers to attack Anzac Day services in Australia and New Zealand. In the video, which has since been removed, he instructs fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers. Police in New Zealand have confirmed they have implemented extra security measures amid growing concerns of a targeted terror attack. Taylor is one of very few New Zealanders who are known to be fighting for Islamic State militants in Syria. He left the country in May 2012 despite having his passport cancelled.
University of Alabama graduate Sarah Grimes sued Kristen Saban in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010. Grimes said she suffered lasting injuries during the brawl, which evidence showed began over a Facebook post after a night of drinking. Saban claimed it was Grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself. A judge cited Alabama's'stand your ground' law in ruling that Saban only defended herself against Grimes.
Beth O'Rourke, 44, of Paxton, Massachusetts, has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer. On April 16, the mother of Courtney, 11, and Seamus, 8, lost that fight, but as she stated in her obituary; 'I was a survivor' She then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life, and then express just how happy she was, even though she was gone. 'I LOVED my life. I loved a long run, to sit quietly by the lake, to read and dance and
Punting analyst Mike Steward has outlined the secret to winning at Two Up, Australia's iconic game of chance. The Martingale Betting Strategy of doubling up originated in France and is used with success by punters on ANZAC Day throughout Australia. If you lose, you have to double your bet until your coins fall right. Two Up is one of Australia's longest lasting traditions, it dates back to the goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s.
Molly Parks, 24, was found dead in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked in Manchester, New Hampshire on April 16 with a needle still in her arm. Her father, Tom Parks, said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin. Days later, he wrote an honest obituary about her struggle with drugs. He pleaded with other families to'stay right on top' of loved ones with addictions. Despite her struggles, she remained a vivacious personality who loved theater, fashion and reading Harry Potter.
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers will have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. The watch includes a host of personal trackers, including a heart rate monitor, and is being billed as a personal doctor that will help users to lose weight and improve their health.
SNP leader said she would form anti-Tory alliance with Labour and other smaller parties. Raises prospect of Labour ruling as minority government despite winning fewer votes and seats than Tories. SNP could win as many as 50 MPs in Scotland - allowing Miliband to become PM even if he falls short of majority. Comments came as Labour slipped four points behind the Tories in latest polls.
Rhiannon Langley is recovering from rhinoplasty at a five-star hotel in Thailand. The 24-year-old is part of the $5,190 'Bangkok Nose Job' medical tourism package she is on. She has been updating her Instagram feed with pictures and videos of her recovery. Langley says she has been 'chilling out by the pool, getting manicures and pedicures, shopping, and eating out' The hairdresser turned model has over 190,000 Instagram followers.
'The president believes that to deny the existence of climate change is to deny an observable fact that is substantiated by science,' Josh Earnest said today. Earnest's channeling of former Vice President Al Gore followed the president's gas-guzzling, 1,836 mile trip on Wednesday, Earth Day, to the Florida Everglades aboard Air Force One. There he preached about the harmful effects of global warming on the environment and mocked skeptics of man-made climate change.
Lack of natural daylight thought to be driving up rates of short-sightedness among the young. Chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine. Scientists had though reading or looking at a screen could cause shortsightedness. But now think it could be down to lack of natural light while taking part in these activities.
Mick Schumacher will make his Formula 4 debut in Germany this weekend. The 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career. Schumacher Jnr is part of the Van Amersfoort Racing team competing in the ADAC Formula 4 series. He will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and will take part in two more races on Sunday.
Sarina Aziz became agitated after being asked to sit on her parents' lap. Parents Ariella and Mark Aziz struggled to keep her still after strapping her in seat belt. Mr Aziz claims another steward marched over to him'very aggressively' Transavia Airlines said that the action was justified as the child was not 'following safety instructions'
Mahonia, a traditional herbal treatment for acne, is a number one bestseller in Japan. Neal's Yard Remedies has seen sales of its Mahonia Clear Skin Formula go through the roof online from customers there. Mahonia is a berry native to the Rocky Mountains that's been used by tribes for medicinal, food, and ceremonial needs for years.
Survey of 12,000 Australians reveals where they would most like to work in Australia. More than 50 per cent want to work for Virgin Australia boss Richard Branson. Department of Defence and Department of Health also in top ten most desired jobs. The ABC came in second and the Department of Immigration came third in the survey.
Alison, 43, from Gloucestershire, had breast augmentation surgery six years ago. Bungling surgeon left her with a deformed breast that 'looked like a croissant' She has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times to fix the damage. 'It's horrible to look at and horrible to live with,' says Alison, who would do 'anything' to look normal.
The unnamed Ohio woman and her Catholic husband were told that their unborn daughter had a chromosomal defect 'incompatible with life outside the womb' She had an abortion at 23 weeks, which is legal in the state of Ohio. The baby was born with 69 chromosomes instead of the normal 46. She also had a diaphragmatic hernia and severely stunted growth, weighing 8oz when she should have weighed over a pound.
Scots Guard Shaun Smith, 25, and Welsh Guard Jason Collins, 22, were expected to be jailed for 'deeply unpleasant and inexcusable' assault. Judge James Hill, QC, said he had decided to show mercy after hearing glowing tributes and being told the Army was keen to keep them. Victim James Wormald, who was left with the imprint of Smiths shoe on his forehead, said it was wrong that the pair had got off so lightly. Both men were cleared by a jury of grievous bodily harm but admitted causing actual bodily harm. Smith was given
TV presenter Richard Wilkins made the pilgrimage to Gallipoli on the eve of the centenary ANZAC Day commemorations. He retraced the steps of his grandfather, George William Thomson, who served in the New Zealand medical corps in World War One. 'Its quite overwhelming, I was keeping a stiff upper lip until tonight, when we visited a Turk memorial at Ari Burnu,' he said. Richard Wilkins said he rarely becomes emotional during a shoot, but this was different. His 29-year-old son and another son, who turns 20 on ANZ
Rachael Bishop, 19, was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain's Lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in. Bishop tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register, but when that didn't work she took action. As the man reached into the till, Bishop tried to swat his hand away. She then started punching him in the head multiple times. The robber punched Bishop right back, and that's when she said he managed to steal $280 from the register.
Posters promoting a'straight pride' week at Youngstown State University were removed this week after student leaders said they went 'way further than a free speech issue' The posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students. It is believed by student leaders that the posters were satire, but they still missed the point of activism, a statement from the student government says.
Heida Reed, 27, says obsession with Aidan Turner's body is sexist and undermines show. Claims it would not be tolerated if he were a woman in the same situation. Miss Reed, who plays Elizabeth Poldark's ex-fiancée, said it is evidence of reverse sexism. Her comments follow overwhelming interest in the 31-year-old's physique from fans.
The Bolshevik leader's remains were embalmed on Stalin's orders when he died aged 53 in 1924. They are now on display in a mausoleum on Moscow's Red Square more than two decades after the break-up of the former USSR. At its peak, 200 scientists worked in a lab dedicated to the corpse's corpse. The Russians prefer to preserve the body's shape, weight, colour and flexibility, rather than biological tissue. A material made of paraffin, glycerin and carotene is used to replace most of Lenin's skin.
Nigel Farage says he gets an 'unbelievably' positive welcome when he meets black people. Claims he gets a warm reception when he goes into 'black parts' of London. Says the idea that Ukip is racist is based on 'no evidence whatsoever' He added that claims the party is racist have stopped many supporters backing him publicly.
Artist Frank McKeever from Florida created these amazing posters. They show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system. Included are humans skiing on a moon of Uranus and living in cities on Mars. Others show life on Europa and near Saturn - and a destroyed Earth. And he hopes the posters encourage us to expand our presence into solar system - especially as our planet is vulnerable to cosmic disasters.
Baltimore police commissioner Anthony Batts has ruled out the possibility of his resignation. His deputy said Gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested. Gray was arrested April 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away. Six officers have been suspended with pay as local police and federal authorities investigate.
Between 2004 and 2013, the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in U.S. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568, per 100,000 people. New safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities. Graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent.
The 34-year-old beauty insisted the entire clan is fully supportive of Jenner. 'As a family we always support each other 100 per cent and I know that I see things online that there is this divide and this one doesnt support this,' she said. She added: 'We love everyone in the family and we support everyone equally so we're excited to watch tonight and Im excited for Bruce to tell his story'
Fort was found on top of the Dunnicaer sea stack close to Stonehaven, Aberdeenshire. Archaeologists believe the stronghold, which would have been cut off from the land at high tide, may have been one of a number that lined the east coast of Scotland. The fort appears to have been built with stone imported from elsewhere in the country. Stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with Pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them. It is thought the fort was built to help the Pictish tribes living there dominate the sea in the area.
Andrea McVeigh, 44, was knocked down by a cyclist in Bermondsey, south London. She was left face-first into the concrete after being hit from behind by the rider. The social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead. Met Police have issued CCTV footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash.
Timothy Crook is accused of killing his parents Bob, 90, and Elsie, 83, in July 2007. He is alleged to have then driven their bodies 150 miles in a grey Nissan Micra. But the grey car he is said to have used to transport the bodies has been lost, court told. Bristol Crown Court heard the blunder could have forensic consequences for his case. Police said the car was not lost, but they did not know where it was exactly.
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams of Ohio announced on Thursday that it has initiated a voluntary recall of all of its ice creams, frozen yogurts, sorbets and ice cream sandwiches. The recall includes all products bearing the brand name 'Jenis' The Nebraska Department of Agriculture found the listeria in a sample of Jeni's ice cream it had randomly collected at a Whole Foods in Lincoln, Nebraska. On Monday, Texas-based Blue Bell creameries issued a voluntary. recall after two samples of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream tested positive
Shaker Aamer is expected to be freed in June, US government sources say. The 48-year-old has been held at Guantanamo Bay without charge or trial for 13 years. He has a British wife and four children in London and lived in South London. Mr Aamer has twice been cleared for release, by the Bush administration in 2007, and by Barack Obama in 2009.
Christopher Wheeler, 54, worked at the exclusive Tower Hill School in Delaware. Police found more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men. One showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act. Wheeler was running Net Shred - a program designed to eradicate internet history - when police raided his $350,000 mansion in Wilmington in October 2013. He was fired from the job he had held for nine years, which had a salary of nearly $3700,000. The investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually
Footage posted by Elihudi Justin Urassa, from Brighton, has been watched 3.5million times. In the video the girl is seen sucking onto the tube of tortilla flavoured chips. The mickey-taking video has already been watched more than 3.7million times on Facebook. Worrying trend dubbed the '#kyliejennerchallenge' swept social media over the weekend. Participants place their mouth over the opening of a cup, jar or other narrow vessel and suck in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up.
Steve Spowart spent five hours helping to rescue horses from the NSW floods. He dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses. The animals' owner, Sonia Sharrock, praised her 'absolutely amazing' brother-in-law for his incredible feat. 'I dont know what I would have done without him and my sister,' she said. Her stud farm in Woodberry, in Maitland in the Hunter Region of New South Wales was one of the worst affected areas by the storm.
Japanese authorities detect 480 microsieverts per hour in Tokyo playground. This is nearly half the recommended annual limit of radiation exposure for a person. Authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park. The park has now been cordoned off with an orange barricade.
Jessa, 22, and her husband Ben Seewald, 19, are expecting their first child on November 1. The baby is due on Jessa and Ben's one-year wedding anniversary, and will be the sixth grandchild for Jessa's parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar.
Charlene Wall Jeffs, 58, has been married to Lyle Jeffs for 31 years and has 10 children. She claims to have been excommunicated in September 2014 and is now fighting to have her two youngest children, who still live with her husband, returned to her. Says she was only allowed to cook and clean and was not allowed to see her children during her expulsion. Claims the church has 'become even more disturbing than it was under Warren Jeffs' Mrs Jeffs says she is scared for her well-being and the safety of her children.
Rose McGrath of battle Creek, Michigan was diagnosed with lymphoblastic leukemia in 2012. Last week St. Joseph's Middle School, a private Catholic School, sent a letter to Rose dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance. 'I didn't do anything wrong, but they still got rid of me,' Rose McGrath said tearfully. The school says that Rose only attended school 32 days out of this entire school year. Rose's parents have filed a complaint with the Office of Civil Rights.
Photographer Martin Beck has produced a series of gritty portraits of superheroes. The Dubai-based artist of Scottish and South African heritage has produced the series. Captain America, Iron Man and the Green Lantern are seen taking a step back from fighting crime. Beck says there is a very important message to his work, that we can all be heroes in our own way.
Paul Gregory, 51, claimed exercise left him breathless when renewing badge. But he was a keen walker and member of a mountaineering club. He was exposed when Bedford Borough Council staff read a report. Article said he had been attacked by cows in Cumbria on third day of hike. Bedford Borough Council said it was one of the'most outrageous cases' of blue badge fraud it had investigated.
The 65-year-old told Diane Sawyer he started hormone therapy and plastic surgery to make his features look more feminine shortly after winning the Olympic gold in 1988. Bruce said he was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in Denmark but had a change of heart after meeting Kris Kardashian in late 1990. He stopped hormone injections and even underwent breast reduction surgery before the couple married. The couple married in 1991 and went on to have two children together - Kendall, now 19, and Kylie, 17 - before divorcing in December last year.
Emma Louise Connolly models Ann Summers' first bridal wear lingerie collection. Underwear and loungewear comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude, and is priced between £14 and £85. Includes a curve-skimming dress, an intricate nightgown and silk and lace sets. Items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32A-38DD. Emma is the girlfriend of Made In Chelsea's Ollie Proudlock.
Airport could be rebranded as 'Shakespeare's Airport' in the U.S. to attract more tourists. Similar rebranding in China has attracted thousands of tourists to the city. But there are concerns that not enough Americans will know who the playwright is. The airport could also be called 'Birmingham London' as the HS2 rail link will make it just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital.
Long before mobile phones, shy love-seekers had to resort to other tactics. In late 19th-century America, it was the 'escort card' - a comical printed card men would hand to women they found attractive. Collector Alan Mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers. They bear phrases such as: 'May I be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening?'
The suspects, all of Somali descent, were detained after months of being monitored by the government agency through one of their former allies. On Thursday, there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant, who once planned to travel to Syria himself, has been paid at least $13,000 for providing tip-offs. The suspects' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole. U.S. Magistrate Judge Becky Thorson maintained there was probable cause to believe a crime was committed, and ordered the four men to remain
A man dressed as a woman held up a northwest Melbourne service station with a homemade machine gun last month. Wearing a blonde curly wig, red lipstick, a mauve skirt and wide brimmed hat, the man allegedly robbed the Taylors Hill store. The man was arrested on Thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery. He was remanded in custody to appear in Melbourne Magistrates Court at a later date.
Sofia Abramovich is the daughter of Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich. The 18-year-old is the middle child of Chelsea FC owner's five offspring with second wife Irina. She has taken to Instagram to post pictures of herself and her friends. But Sofia has revealed she has been bullied by users of the site about her appearance. Now she has hit back saying she is going to turn their negativity into positivity.
Anzac Day falls on a Saturday, as it does this year. No public holiday is triggered when Anzac day falls on Saturday. Agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays across the nation. If Easter, Christmas, Australia Day, the Queen's Birthday or Labour Day fall on a weekend, a holiday is granted on a weekday. Western Australia and some public servants in Canberra have decided to go it alone and get Monday off.
A house in Narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week's storm in Sydney. A cherry picker was brought in to harness the house's weight, and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell. 'I was thinking, god how is this thing not falling?' Fire and Rescue Superintendent Kel McNamara said. Locals celebrated the demolishing, clapping and cheering as their own properties were spared from the ticking time bomb.
North Korea may also have enough weapons-grade uranium to double arsenal. Chinese estimates of Pyongyang's nuclear production, relayed to US nuclear specialists. Exceeds most previous US forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs, it has been reported. North Korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations. It has conducted three nuclear detonations, the most recent in 2013.
Sea Bright fire chief volunteer Chad Murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in Rumson on Monday. Footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors. At one point he's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down. The four-alarm fire at the Rumson mansion, known as Blithewald, has been ruled accidental, though the exact cause is yet to be identified.
Intruders broke into a home in Hatfield Peverel, Essex, and flooded the kitchen, dumped the TV in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs. They stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches, a computer, laptop and tablet from the house and left thousands of pounds in damage. The group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard. Police say it is one of the worst examples of'mindless destruction' they have seen.
Stephen Phillips, Christopher Evans and Michael Stokes all facing charges of 'theft by a serving police officer' They are accused of taking bundles of cash worth £30,000 from the home of a suspected criminal. Phillips, Evans and Stokes were arrested as a result of an investigation by South Wales Police's professional standards department. The three officers will return to Cardiff Crown Court to stand trial on June 15.
20-year-old woman was driving on the I-25 in Weld County, north of Denver. Her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck in 911 call. She was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck. Miraculously, the bullet did not damage the woman's airway or sever any major blood vessels.
UN's Zeid Ra'ad Al Husein said Katie Hopkins used language similar to that employed by some Rwandan media outlets in the run-up to the 1994 genocide. He said article was reflective of a 'nasty underbelly of racism' characterising migration debate. Zeid asked British authorities, media, and regulatory bodies to take steps to stop racial and inflammatory articles. The article came as migrant boat tragedies in the Mediterranean escalated. More than 1,750 people have died this year making the perilous sea crossing.
Usain Bolt has always been notorious for his love of fast food and fast food. But now the Jamaican sprinter has had to lay off his beloved fast food in favour of veg. His chef chases him around the house to make sure he eats what he's cooked. The 28-year-old sprinter said he needs to be 'perfect in training' and 'eating right is a part of training'
Headteacher Linda Shute has banned all other drinks at Rowdown Primary School. Pupils are not allowed to drink tea, coffee, fruit juice or soft drinks during school day. Rule enforced to protect the long-term health of pupils at south London school. Furious parents have launched a campaign to overturn the water-only rule. They claim many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water.
Louise Henderson Alakil, 49, moved to Middle Eastern country 27 years ago. She worked as a teacher at International School in capital Sanaa until fighting forced it to close. Now hiding in basement with youngest children Miriam, 11, and Ayesha, nine, amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them. Foreign and Commonwealth Office has suspended embassy operations in the region and urged British nationals to leave by commercial means. Mrs Henderson's sister, Heather, 51, said: 'We are trying to get them out of the country. It's an absolute mess'
Camilla Lawrence, a Womens Health Physiotherapist, tells MailOnline how to get your body back to its pre-pregnancy shape - safely. The Duchess of Cambridge is due to give birth to her second child any day now. She was applauded for her natural approach to her post-birth figure when she had Prince George in 2013. Experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method.
Makers of Difret accused of exploiting real-life victim at the heart of its story. Aberash Bekele, 32, is angry at filmmakers for using her story without her consent. She was abducted so she could be pushed into a forced marriage. Miss Jolie helped produce the film and spoke about how it will'make a change'
Landmark Developments Ltd tore down derelict property in Bath city centre. It replaced it with a modern block of 14 flats in a World Heritage Site. But residents complained the development was three feet higher and four feet wider than the plans approved by the council. Bath and North East Somerset Council says developer has committed a 'breach of planning control' and ordered the building to be bulldozed.
A supervolcano in Yellowstone National Park releases around 45,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide each day. But a magma chamber beneath the surface is not considered large enough to produce these levels. Now researchers have found the source in a secondary magma chamber underground. It's so large its partly-molten rock could fill the Grand Canyon 11 times over. Geophysicists tracked seismic waves from almost 5,000 earthquakes.
Risk for cigar smokers of dying from oral, oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes. Cigar use is on the rise in the US, where the study was carried out, while cigarette smoking declines. More young people appear to be taking up cigars thanks to new ranges of flavoured ones.
Former Young Divas star revealed she turned to drugs to mask her depression. The 29-year-old said she would wake up not knowing where she was. DeAraugo said she was 'out of control in every aspect of my life' She underwent weight loss surgery in 2012 to help her lose a staggering 68kg. She is preparing to release her new single and music video next month.
Dr Warren Weinstein was killed alongside Giovanni Lo Porto during US drone strike in January. His family have already slammed the government's response to his abduction. It has now been claimed they transferred undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers. Source in regular contact with captors said money was handed over two years before death. They are said to have demanded release of prominent Afghan prisoners, including 'poster girl' for jihad Dr. Aafia Siddiqui - who is currently serving 86-year prison sentence in the United States.
Alessandra, 34, stars in campaign for online fashion retailer Dafiti. Shot in São Paulo and features Marlon Teixeira, Laura Neiva, Bruna Tenório and Dani Braga. The mother-of-two is No. 8 on Forbes list of top-earning models.
Kyle Toth, who runs his own custom woodworking business, built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in Temecula, California. It measures a whopping 45ft in length, and according to Kyle, sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft. There is no seat attached to the trunk but handrails have been added for support and ropes help people get on. The carpenter, who launched his business, Wood By Kyle Toth in 2010 claims to have developed a passion for woodwork from a young age.
Kim has long had her pick of holiday destinations - so how have her holiday tastes changed? Paris is top of her travel-list and she has spent increasing amounts of time in the French capital. She has also been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks.
Brain scans reveal differences in the way the brains of'super speakers' work. Comedians showed less activity in Broca's region of the brain during speech. This suggests they put less effort into the basic mechanics of speech while talking. Neuroscientist Dr Joe Devlin said it could explain why some people dry up when asked to speak.
David Marshall, 68, stabbed Eni Mevish, 20, in the heart, lungs and liver. He was 'jealous' of her other friendships and wanted to distance her from them, court heard. Pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting a 14-year-old girl when he killed her. Aspiring policewoman met Marshall six months earlier while out jogging on canal towpath. Court told Marshall was on licence at the time of the attack for sexually assaulting girl, 14.
Bill Parker, 34, of Gulfport was mowing his lawn on April 19 when the rusty metal wire entered his left nostril and was lodged in his sinus cavity. Dr Timothy Haffey, who removed the wire which was as thick as a heavy-duty nail, said that it miraculously dodged all of Parker's important nerves and arteries. Parker is taking antibiotics to prevent infection and said he plans to find someone else to mow his lawn.
Atlantis, The Palm's underwater suites boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into an aquarium from the master bedrooms and bathrooms. With a base price of about £5,450 ($8,200) a night, each suite has elegant perks, with the illusion of being under the sea. Perks include soap with 24-carat gold flakes and 24-hour private butler service to keep customers feeling pampered.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 36, accused of'spoofing' the stock market from parents' home. His family's semi-detached house in west London is closer to an internet server. This gave him a nanosecond advantage over rivals in the City - and a potential £40million offshore nest egg. He was dubbed the 'Hound of Hounslow' after it emerged he lived at home with his parents. Allegedly made £26.7million in just four years of dealing from their home, it is claimed. Former colleague tells MailOnline: '
Richard Hammond has ruled out returning to Top Gear, becoming final presenter to quit show. Presenter took to Twitter to say he would not 'quit my mates' Jeremy Clarkson and James May. Comes as show's former executive producer Andy Wilman launches scathing attack on BBC. Mr Wilman sensationally resigned from BBC yesterday, following meeting with presenters. He is a childhood friend of Clarkson, who was axed from motoring show last week. Producer said BBC put pressure on Clarkson and May to hire a female presenter in 2002. Top Gear Magazine published editorial by Mr Wilman
The Apple Watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock. Instead, consumers willing to shell out between $549 to $17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until June. Analysts believe Apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year. The watch includes a host of personal trackers, including a heart rate monitor.
A heated exchange between Royals starter Yordano Ventura and White Sox outfielder Adam Eaton sparked the brawl which saw players from both dugouts and bullpens flood the field. Several punches were thrown and five players were ejected including Royals' Ventura, Lorenzo Cain and Edinson Volquez along with Chicago's Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija. Royals won the game 3-2 in 13 innings, which is the first of a four-game series.
Majority of shrimp sold on supermarket shelves come from prawn farms in south east Asia. US experts found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested contained traces of harmful bacteria. They found traces of E.coli, salmonella, MRSA, vibrio and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning. Experts advise consumers to opt for wild shrimp, which are less likely to be contaminated.
Samantha Crossland, 30, stole £22,642 from the Child's Play nursery in Dewsbury. She had been promoted to manager at the nursery by its owner who trusted her. Crossland's parents Susan and Michael won more than £1.2 million on the lottery in 2008. Leeds Crown Court heard today that the stolen money had been repaid in full.
Service provides twice-daily summary 'of the best tweets for you' Highlights is limited to English-language readers with the Twitter app installed on an Android device. To enable the feature on your account, launch the official Twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen. Scroll until you find the new option titled Highlights and press on it.
State broadcaster RTVE axed plans for a reality show which would have seen celebrities pitted against each other to outrun fighting bulls in Pamplona. The corporation caved in after the town's authorities said they would refuse to cooperate with their proposed programme. 15 people have died since records began in 1924 and dozens are injured each year in the annual event, known as the encierro.
SkyWest Airlines flight 5622 was flying from Chicago to Connecticut when the pilot was alerted to a potential loss of cabin pressure. Three passengers on the Embraer 175 twin-jet lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick. The pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes - before landing in Buffalo, New York. Despite the calamitous events, an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane. SkyWest initially claimed that the aircraft landed 'out of an abundance of caution' because of one sick passenger and denied there was
Conrad Clitheroe, Gary Cooper and Neil Munro were arrested in Dubai in February. They were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at Fujairah Airport. Despite being told they would not be detained, they were taken to a police station. Their case was escalated to a matter of 'national security' and they were kept in custody. Families had written to David Cameron to ask him to intervene in the case. Charges of espionage have now been dropped and they will be able to return to the UK.
Imran Uddin, 25, used a keyboard spying device to hack into University of Birmingham computers. He attached a'shadowing' device to the back of the computers to steal staff passwords. Uddin then changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments. On one paper, he upped his mark from 57 per cent, a lower second grade, to 73 per cent. Birmingham Crown Court heard he was expected to achieve a 2:2 degree at the time. Jailed for four months after admitting six breaches to the Computer Misuse Act.
Brian and Amanda Bayers of Louisville Kentucky accidentally killed their 18-month-old son Jackson on February 13. Brian Bayers thought his son was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door of his house was wide open. After going back inside his house to find he son missing, he made the horrifying realization that he had backed over Jackson with his truck. Jackson was hit by the front wheels of the vehicle backing up and when the front. wheels back around, he essentially walked right into the side of the. vehicle.
Australian researchers have tested their drone running companion. Called Joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run. Technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner. And it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing. The team hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities such as cycling, cross-country skiing, rowing or even fun runs.
Aussie the dog saved his owners Kai, seven, and Sophie, 10, from being electrocuted in a puddle. The family were walking near their home at Caves Beach, near Lake Macquarie, when he was killed suddenly. Wild weather had caused a power line to fall into one of the puddles meaning all the water in the park was live with electrical current. 'Honestly those kids were only a metre away,' their grandmother Deanna Addicoat told Daily Mail Australia. 'Aussie's our hero, he saved their lives'
Morgan Geyser, 12, and Anissa Weier, 13, are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on Payton Leutner, who survived 19 stab wounds in Waukesha in May 2014. Geyser's attorney, Anthony Cotton, applied to have her $500,000 bail reduced so that she could get out of jail and seek treatment for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. A Wisconsin judge denied Friday to move her to a psychiatric treatment center. The judge did, however, say that long term placement in an appropriate facility should be considered, but no
Research by Asda has found that rump, fillet and T-Bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out. But when we cook at home the majority of us rely on burgers or mince. Research also showed a showing lack of beef knowledge in the under 35's. One in four youngsters think pocket and Y-bone are cuts of beef.
N-222 road from Peso de Regua to Pinhao in Portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour. A591 from Kendal to Keswick in the Lake District has been named Britain's best road. Other celebrated UK roads include the B3515 in Somerset and A535 in Cheshire.
Revellers in remote village in Jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire. Seconds later they throw themselves into the flames while a Hindu priest uses oil to stoke the blaze as he chants religious hymns. Locals believe that the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease, adding that criticism over the safety is misguided.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Pictures show Veronica Bolina lying partially naked on the ground in front of officers and other prisoners in Sao Paulo, Brazil. The 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her 73-year old neighbour. But an investigation is now underway amid reports she was set upon by officers on three different occasions after being taken into custody, leaving her face unrecognisable. Official police statement claimed she was attacked by prisoners when she was seen performing a sex act on herself in her cell.
Freddie Gray, 25, was arrested on April 12 in Baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon without a seatbelt. The cause of his fatal spine injury has not been revealed. Police brutality against prisoners being transported was addressed just six months ago in a plan released by Baltimore officials to reduce this misconduct. Department rules updated nine days before Gray's arrest clearly state that all detainees shall be strapped in by seat belts or 'other authorized restraining devices'
Thomas Hoey Jr., 43, who was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Kevin Castel in Manhattan federal court, showed 'callousness and indifference' during the party in January 2009 at Midtown hotel The Kitano. Kimberly Calo, 41, died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol. Hoey stopped the other woman in the hotel room, Nicole Zobkiw, from 911, and also prevented hotel security coming into the room as Calo - a mother of two - foamed at the mouth, bled from the nose, turned blue and
Robert Bates, 73, has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris, 44, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on April 2. Memo from an internal police inquiry revealed colleagues expressed concerns about Bates when he arrived at the Tulsa Sheriff's Office. He was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops. Tulsa County District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler is now calling for an investigation into the allegations.
Shelby got stuck near the Spiral Jetty, an earthwork sculpture on a remote part of the Great Salt Lake's northeastern shore. With no cell phone reception to call for help, owner Tom George had to leave his dog Shelby stuck in a pool of tar and drive an hour out to the nearest town. But, lucky for George, a family was willing to stay with Shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story. As more people came, they began bringing items to try and help get Shelby out, using grocery bags, car floor mats, tarp, garbage bags,
Gary Goldsmith's chihuahua Cheech was run over by a cyclist in Regent's Park. Mr Goldsmith, 49, was out walking with his wife Julie-Ann when the incident took place. He posted a picture of the alleged culprit on Twitter with the message: 'Evil s***& Coming to get ya' Cheech is being treated by Bruce Fogle, father of TV presenter Ben, at The London Vet Clinic.
Aaron Bee was wanted by Lincolnshire Police over an alleged domestic violence. 22-year-old fled his home after breaking a non-molestation order against his ex-girlfriend. He went on the run for two weeks, taunting officers by taking selfies outside police stations. The father of one was jailed for eight months but has been released after less than five months.
One hundred years on, these war widows are visiting the battlefields in Gallipoli for the first time. They will be the guests of honour at the Anzac Day dawn service on Saturday. Among them is Jean Pockett, who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in Turkey on Thursday. She's one of 10 World War One widows who have travelled to the historic battlefields. Between them, they have a deeper understanding of the sacrifice and hardship of war than all the 10,500 Australians and New Zealanders who will see the dawn service.
Nicholas Salvador, 25, is accused of killing Palmira Silva, 82, with a machete. She was found dead in a garden in Edmonton, north London, in September 2014. The widow ran a successful cafe, Silva's Cafe, in Church Street, Edmonton. Salvador, an only child, is thought to have left home at the age of around 13.
Mohamad Saeed Kodaimati, 24, a Syrian national and naturalized US citizen, is accused of making false statements to the FBI about his involvement with Syrian militants. Federal agents investigating Saeed have uncovered incriminating Facebook photos and posts indicating his alleged involvement. Saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court, expressed his support for ISIS and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months.
Allied troops landed on the Gallipoli peninsula on April 25, 1915, to commence the disastrous Dardanelles Campaign. Gallipoli Peninsula is now a patchwork of monuments and memorial stones linked by country lanes, mountain tracks and undulating greenery. Thousands of visitors from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, India and France have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest WWI commemorations.
911 caller said he was 'going to blow up' the landmark. NYPD bomb squad searched Liberty Island and found nothing explosive. All 2,700 evacuees were offered refunds, and the park will be open Saturday. No one was injured in the evacuation, which took around an hour.
Sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she can't even roll over and she's equally as fat as a 700-pound human, say rescue workers. The neglected cat from Sea Isle City in New Jersey was handed over to the rescue agency S.O.S Sea Isle Cats by a family facing a foreclosure on their home. A healthy weight for Sprinkles would be 10 pounds which is 20 pounds less than she currently weighs. Her fleas and mites are gone and her ear infection is being treated with antibiotics.
Exeter has outdone all previous cities to get their own board - including Oxford, Cambridge and York - in the posh stakes. Thousands of voters have suggested landmarks across the city in Devon to fill the more expensive slots. But no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the brown sections of the board, which cost $60 in Monopoly money.
Mary Todd Lowrance, 49, a Texas English high school teacher was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17. Lowrance, a teacher at Moises E Molina High School, turned herself into Dallas Independent School District police on Thursday morning. She was booked into the Dallas County jail around 11am on Thursday on a $5,000 bond and was released at 4.40pm, according to county records.
Joel Edgerton's great grand-uncles were on the battlefield in Gallipoli 100 years ago. Nicole Kidman's great-grandfather Edward Glenny worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during WWI. Naomi Watts's grandfather, Baden Charles Rush, served in Corps B of the Flying Corps but was never sent overseas to fight. Ancestry will be opening the 12 million WWI records free to search for Australians until Sunday, April 26 at 11:59pm.
Irish tourist Barry Lyttle, 33, has avoided jail after pleading guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to his brother Patrick. Patrick, 31, spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in Kings Cross in Sydney's inner-city on January 3. Barry was given a 13-month suspended jail sentence in the Downing Centre Local Court on Friday. Magistrate Graeme Curran found alcohol was not a significant factor in the attack. The brothers plan to speak to youth about the dangers of one-punch assaults when they return to Northern Ireland.
Mary Cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work at Drakelow Shadow Factory in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, in 1943. She spent two years testing metal for Bristol aircraft engines in the site's underground laboratory, working as the only woman in her department. Now 91, the great-grandmother has revisited the site with her son, David, 70 years after leaving her position. Built in 1943, the factory was one of 26'shadow' sites set-up to mass produce engines and parts for military aircraft and tanks. Drakelow employed 700 people when
Abu Hafs al-Badri is claimed to be the cousin of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Bagdadhi. Another teenage suicide bomber, Abu Basir al-Shami, blew himself up in Anbar province, near the Iraqi city of Ramadi. Australian fighter Jake Bilardi, 18, from Melbourne, detonated a van filled with explosives near Iraqi forces in Ramadi last month. The attack was reported as a rare failure, with no one killed and just a few vehicles damaged.
Surveillance video shows a Sound Transit Link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in South Seattle. All of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path. The car is rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying. Despite the crunch, the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured.
Ariana Mason, 21, needed 26 stitches to her face after it was allegedly smashed into a glass table-top by a police officer last August. She claims she was also choked by the man when he put her in a'stranglehold' at a Las Vegas hotel. The fashion designer has filed a civil rights lawsuit against Officer Shawn Izzo and the Metropolitan Police Department for $4million.
Khalid Rashad, 61, appeared at Camberwell Magistrates' Court today. He was charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose. Also accused of possessing ammunition for a firearm without a certificate. Charges brought by officers investigating death of Syrian-born cleric Abdul Hadi Arwani. Father-of-six's body was found in his parked car in Wembley, north west London, on April 7.
Efan James was found face down and unresponsive in his mother's bed. Hannah James, 26, had taken him to bed at family home in Milford Haven, Wales. The next morning Efan was found 'lying face down, unresponsive' in his sleep. Pembrokeshire Coroner Mark Layton said current advice on 'co-sleeping' is 'confusing' Welsh government's'reducing the risk of cot death' leaflet offers similar advice to NHS.
From villages under boulders in Portugal, to floating villages in Peru, these dwellings are hidden away from the rest of the world. Secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas, but are each set in their own natural paradises. The last time the Class-C volcano erupted was in the 1780s, and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island in the Philippine Sea.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted for the first time in more than 40 years on Wednesday. A pair of strange white lights were spotted floating perilously close to the smoke and gas clouds from the eruption. Pictures have since gone viral with internet users suggesting the lights were either police helicopters, an optical illusion or an alien aircraft. An estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of Ensenada, about 10 miles from the volcano. Experts said the main risk was now of a pyroclastic flow - a superheated current of gas and rock
Kevin Bowes, 53, lost several teeth and had nine 'avoidable' procedures. Had root canal treatments and five crowns fitted at hands of Dr Nicholas Crees in Guisborough. His teeth were so badly decayed the dentist described them as 'apple cores' Mr Bowes has won £30,000 in an out-of-court settlement after a two-year battle with Dr Crees. The semi-retired teacher said he will need years of treatment to fix extensive decay.
A stage collapsed during a performance of American Pie at Westfield High School in Indiana on Thursday night, sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit. One student suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of the musical. The calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale. Nicola Gruszka, a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way, said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue.
Sharista Giles of Sweetwater, Tennessee, went into a coma in December after a car accident. She was five months pregnant at the time and doctors gave her a two-per cent chance of recovery. Giles opened her eyes earlier this month and is still nonverbal, but her mother, Anna Moser, believes she will make a full recovery.
Trussell Trust asks for 'donation' from churches and community groups. Money used to pay for staff, branding materials, PR advice and relationships with supermarkets such as Tesco. Critics accuse charity of taking money which could be spent on food. Number of foodbanks has risen eight-fold in just five years to 445.
Charlie Stayt was reporting from a primary school in Southampton, Hampshire. He missed out the letter 'c' when he scrawled the word for the third time on a whiteboard. Viewers took to Twitter to complain after the presenter's embarrassing gaffe. Colleague Bill Turnbull told Stayt he had started a Twitter frenzy and made him spell it out.
Nasa scientists in California have revealed a distant image of Curiosity. It was taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter from 187 miles up. One interesting aspect is that the rover's tracks cannot be seen. This may be due to Martian weather or they blend in with the surface. Curiosity has now been on Mars for almost 1,000 days, having landed on 6 August 2012. The rover is now on its way to a region called Logan Pass.
Bobby Burnett banned Samantha Chudley from wearing make-up and banned her from wearing revealing clothes in a two-year-long campaign of terror. The Royal Marine also forced her to hand over passwords of her e-mail and social media accounts so he could monitor them, Exeter Crown Court heard. He installed a tracker app on her smartphone and brutally attacked her when she visited him at the Commando Training Centre at Lympstone, Devon, and at her home. His violence and the stress of his controlling behaviour led her to have two miscarriages, one of which happened days after he punched
Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua in Thailand's western Kanchanaburi province is home to 147 tigers in the care of monks. The temple has long proved a hit among tourists who flock there to be photographed next to the monks and their huge feline pets. Thai wildlife officials began a headcount on Friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week who complained to police that three tigers had recently disappeared. Authorities say the temple has been keeping the animals without the proper paperwork and have vowed to seize them.
Kay Bennett, 33, from Swindon, says she can't get a job because of tattoos. Says she has applied for 40 jobs in the last year but has had no success because of them. Has six facial tattoos on her face, arms or hands and has more on her neck and hands. Claims she has no choice but to claim benefits worth £14,000-a-year because no-one will employ her. Wants a well-wisher to pay for laser removal - and will have to stay on benefits until then. She blames tattoos for causing her
Dr Giorgi-Guarnieri testified on Friday during court hearings in Washington, D.C., that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions John Hinckley Jr will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital. Hinckley has been allowed freedom in stages. He spends 17 days a month at his mother's Williamsburg home. If the man who shot President Reagan is allowed to leave a mental. hospital for good, he should have to live under strict conditions,. including wearing an ankle monitoring device and driving a car with a GPS. tracking device.
The Washington couple's three-year-old son had first complained of someone talking to him at night, but they put it down to his over-active imagination. One night they heard a strange man's voice come over the monitor to tell their son: 'Wake up little boy, daddy's looking for you' They believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device. After the first creepy message, the boy's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying, 'Look someone's coming' or 'Someone's coming into view'
Edda Goering, 76, has failed in her bid to get the state of Bavaria to return family money confiscated after the collapse of the Third Reich. Goering, who cheated the hangman at Nuremberg by committing suicide shortly before he was due to be executed for war crimes, was deputy to Hitler and the regime's greatest art thief. The infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew. But his daughter Edda has always refused to criticise him for his part in the mass extermination of Jews.
German language teacher suspended from Auguste Remoir college in Limoges, west-central France. She is alleged to have used her classes to defend Hitler's domestic record. Said she hoped 'German tanks come to Renoir to subdue unruly pupils' Seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher. The teacher, who has been at the school since September, has denied any wrong doing.
Michael Gridley, 26, jailed for a year after orchestrating scam to steal £15,000 of goods. Stock including alcohol, cigarettes, DVDs, computer games and consoles taken from shelves. But Gridley landed managerial role at Lidl after he was sacked from Asda in Basildon, Essex. Colleague Jay Reed, 23, and James Munyard, 21, avoided jail for their part in scam.
Linda and George Hunter became mortgage free around 15 years ago. But eight years ago, the street became part of a regeneration scheme. Liverpool city council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition. Estate agents say the couple would struggle to sell their home for more than £1. Mrs Hunter, 62, said: 'The council created this ghetto that we are now trapped in'
Opera singer Liu Guijuan posted pictures of herself wearing headpiece on Weibo. She said it is made from the feathers of 80 kingfishers and costs £42,583. Outraged web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare. But Miss Liu initially didn't back down, saying it was 'in respect of art' Two of the 11 types of kingfisher in China are protected species.
A teenage driver who held her license for one day crashed into a wheelie bin before smashing into a brick wall and leaving five injured. The group of five were travelling in a white Mitsubishi Lancer when the driver lost control of the vehicle and crashed into the wall. A 17-year-old driver sustained serious injuries to her limbs, forehead and abdomen. Three other passengers were taken to Gosford District Hospital in a stable condition.
Queensland MP Billy Gordon's ex-partner Kristy Peckham has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered. The mother of his two children has been in hiding for years. She has finally spoken out in an interview with A Current Affair, detailing the domestic violence she suffered through, as well as the disappointment she feels as a result of how the Queensland government have handled the situation. 'I was basically like a hostage to him, I wasn't allowed to go anywhere and there was just so much violence,' Ms Peckham said. Mr Gordon was told by Queensland Premier Ann
Reverend Creflo Dollar, 53, launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate '$300 or more' so that he could purchase a $65million Gulfstream G650. The Atlanta-based televangelist, who is known to own two Rolls Royces and multi-million dollar homes, came under heavy criticism for the appeal. He shut the website down but worshippers could still donate to the cause via the World Changers donation site which remains open. In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube, the pastor responded to his critics by claiming 'the devil is trying
Adam Lyons, 34, has open relationship with Brooke Shedd and Shalakhova. Brooke and Jane say they do not'share' Adam but are as much in love with each other as he is with them. Trio appeared on today's This Morning to set the record straight about their open relationship. Adam says he's not worried if Brooke or Jane leave him for someone else.
Tensions have remained high at the Sugar Pine Mine near Medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order. The owners summoned armed guards from the conservative Oath Keepers activist network ahead of a major protest yesterday. At issue is a dispute over mine ownership records, Oregon BLM spokesman Jim Whittington said. Miners and supporters, some flocking from other states, gathered on Thursday at Oregon BLM offices.
The large Android shape covers a mountainous region near Shahpur in Pakistan. It is not an official Google feature and the image is believed to have been added using Google's Map Maker, although this hasn't been confirmed. Google often places so-called Easter Eggs, or hidden features, within its maps and search engine such as the recent Pac-Man game. But this is not one of these features, and a Google spokesman told MailOnline: 'We've terminated the Android figure involved in this incident, and he'll be disappearing from Google Maps shortly' Another addition, spotted by a MailOnline reader
Both William and Kate, whose second child is due tomorrow, have been seen out on shopping trips this week. On Monday, the mother to be was spotted in her local homeware store, Zara Home, in Kensington High Street. She recycled a bright pink coat by British brand Mulberry. Click to check out the current collection.
Brett Peter Cowan was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old Daniel Morcombe in 2014. He was sentenced to life in prison for murdering, indecently dealing and dumping the Sunshine Coast teenager's body in 2003. Chief Justice Tim Carmody will be hearing Cowan's appeal due to potential bias in the case. Cowan's barrister said the judge met with Bravehearts founder Hetty Johnson, who shared an email, in which she referred to him as 'Tim' and included a smiley face. Mr Carmody denied he had any sort of relationship with Ms
Cobain lived in this two bedroom apartment on Spaulding Avenue in L.A.'s Fairfax district during the height of Nirvana-mania. Owner Brandon Kleinman, 31, has listed it on Airbnb for $1,142 (£754) a week, or £108 a night. Up to three guests can stay in one bedroom of the 1,500-square-foot apartment. It is described as 'beautiful, decorated and clean' - a far cry from the squalor revealed in photographs taken when he moved out in 1992.
Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao will fight on May 2 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Official outlets sold out within minutes of going on sale on Thursday night with tickets starting at $1,500 and going up to $7,500. Ringside tickets for the bout are fetching upwards of $130,000 on secondary sales sites like StubHub. Due to the high Pay-per-view price of the fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like Periscope or Meerkat. Broadcasters Showtime and HBO could miss
The Department of Veteran Affairs said the word 'Anzac' is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes without express permission from the Minister for Veterans' Affairs. Zoo Weekly's 'Special Anzac Centenary Issue' included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every Aussie should know about Gallipoli' The issue also included an interview with cover girl Erin Pash who revealed what features she admired in our service men. In the interview Ms Pas said: 'They're bad arses, they have guns and they're really fit and well built'
Ibrahim Ahmad, a senior at La Center High in Washington State will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal. The 18-year-old senior wore a vest filled with paper-tube props made to look like explosives. 'I kno it's A little Late, But I'm kinda&THE BOMB! Rilea, Will U Be My Date To Prom?' the sign read. School Superintendent Mark Mansell says Ahmad's actions were inexcusable and that he deserved punishment.
Jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the U.N. on refugee issues in New York on Friday. Nearly four million Syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries, which warn they are dangerously overstretched. The actress spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in Syria and sharply criticized the UN Security Council for their lack of action. 'We cannot look at Syria, and the evil that has arisen from the ashes of indecision, and think this is not the lowest point in the world's inability to protect and defend the innocent,' she said.
Andre Gignac says he made the'stunning discovery' in a photograph released by Nasa and taken by the Mars rover Opportunity. He says he became suspicious about a 'dark spot' on the rim of the Endeavour crater he had found in the original image, and so took a closer look. It was a massive panoramic window built in the inside wall of the crater. 'You can see a person behind the bunker's window,' the 58-year-old added. Cignac claims that the 'bunker' 'could also be a corridor leading to a bigger bunker'
Holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor, Loretta Lynch, was confirmed by the Senate following a months-long delay. 'I am proud of you. I'm going to miss you,' he told the standing-room-only crowd. Holder, a former judge and U.S. attorney who took the job in 2009, will exit the DOJ as the third-longest serving attorney general in American history. The event also included a tribute video that featured members of Congress, former President Bill Clinton and Holder's wife, Sharon Malone.
Remy, 18, had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion. When the piercing became inflamed, Remmie was forced to remove the bar. The resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar. She says the lump is 'vile' and has knocked her confidence badly. A cosmetic surgeon has now removed the lump.
Shabana Bibi, 25, died in hospital on Saturday after suffering burns to 80% of her body. Police have arrested her husband Muhammad Siddique and father-in-law Pir Bakhsh. Bibi's brother, Muhammad Azam said police have not provided him with a copy of the crime report despite repeated requests.
Carol Cole, from Michigan, was found stabbed nine times in the back and chest in January 1981 in Bossier Parish, Louisiana. She was 17 years old when she ran away from a juvenile detention center in Texas in October 1980 and disappeared without a trace. Her family posted Craigslist ads across Texas and Louisiana with pictures of the teen, hoping someone might recognize her. At the same time, detectives in Louisiana posted a Facebook page for a 'Bossier Doe' based on Carol's skeletal remains. A Bossier County dispatcher stumbled across the Facebook page and realized that the two images looked remarkably similar.
Toddler airlifted to hospital after being mauled in the face by family dog. Alaskan Malamute crossed with a Siberian Huskey clamped its jaws around her head at their home in Neyland, Pembrokeshire. Family heard screams and ran to find eight-year-old dog 'gripping' toddler. They wrestled the animal free but toddler suffered deep puncture wounds to her face and skull.
Alyssa Marie Chang, 56, allegedly kidnapped her lover's other girlfriend and her two-year-old son Ronnie Tran last week. She was furious with the woman because she thought the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in 'compromising sexual positions,' police say. On April 14, she showed up at the home of her love rival outside Seattle with a Taser and told the rival and take her son Ronnie and come with her. When the woman refused, Chang allegedly shocked the woman with the Taser, kidnapped the woman and Ronnie and took them to a home
Emergency EU summit agreed to lay groundwork for military action against traffickers. Within days, British warship HMS Bulwark and German supply ship Berlin will be sent to region. Italian PM Matteo Renzi called the EU measures 'a giant step forward' But Malta's PM said assets being proposed would 'never be enough' to address problem.
Ciudad Real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more than ¬1billion. It closed three years later when its parent company fell into financial difficulties. Judge in charge of its administration at the time ruled that it should be sold off, with an asking price of ¬100million (£86million) However, there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price.
Julieane Jablonski, 38, was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering. Her son, Austin Essig, 19, jumped out of a third-floor window 'without hesitation' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie. Essig took to Fort Collins police's Facebook page to describe the strange 'trip' he experienced after eating the edible. Marijuana is legal to buy and consume recreationally in Colorado - but only for people over age 21.
Connor Sullivan, of Cupertino, California, attended his first period class at Monta Vista High School on Monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours. The junior returned home on his own Thursday night and police learned that he had never left the Bay Area town. Sullivan said that he slept every night under the bleachers at the school. Police and 250 volunteers had searched frantically for the 5'5'' 150lb boy, who does not have a car, at his school and in the surrounding neighborhood. Search parties had even gathered at the portable toilets he is thought to have used.
Tipper Lewis, 43, from London, grew up on a farm and swears by superfoods. She credits the likes of chia seeds, bee pollen and matcha green tea with her health. Her wrinkle-free skin, boundless energy and the fact that she doesn't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power of the stuff. Tipper is the Head Herbalist at Neal's Yard Remedies, where she keeps her finger on the pulse for up-and-coming remedies.
Genetic analysis of two woolly mammoth remains show that their population became so small that they had become chronically inbred. The last of the woolly mammoths were isolated on an Arctic island for around 5,000 years, forcing them to inbreed as their population dwindled until disappering 4,500 years ago. Study has raised the prospect of bringing the giant mammal back to life using cloning techniques with modern elephants. Other researchers have proposed using mammoth DNA to replace that of an elephant.
Vivienne Garton's West Highland terrier Ben was snatched from her garden. The 10-year-old dog is partially sighted, partially deaf and cannot walk long distances. She put posters up near her home in Knowle West, Bristol, to find him. But received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet. He gave address of an empty house in Bristol and a phone number which she gave to police. Avon and Somerset police are investigating an incident of blackmail.
Google paid its billionaire Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt nearly $109 million last year while the company's stock slumped. Most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $100 million. Schmidt also pocketed a $1.25 million salary, a $6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $1 million in 2014. He already is among the world's richest people with an estimated fortune of $9 billion, according to Forbes.
Australian presenter Nicky Buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on TV. She soldiered on with her presenting job on The Sale of the Century after falling pregnant in 1997. 'I wasn't out to raise the flag or cause a stir, I simply wanted to work  as was my right. Yet in doing so people had other opinions and thought I shouldn't be seen publicly with a bump,' she said. Buckley, now 49, says she believes people saw her role as glamorous one and being pregnant clearly didn't fit with that image.
Sanjay Chaddah concocted a 'tissue of lies', claiming Dean Paton had kicked him and called him a 'P**i' But the move backfired when police discovered that the altercation had been caught on CCTV and cleared Mr Paton of any wrongdoing. Chaddah was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury.
Britain set to go from being hotter than Turkey and Ibiza to colder than Moscow, Stockholm and Finland in a matter of days. Arctic airmass, also known as a polar maritime mass, will arrive on Saturday after it blasted over from Iceland. Torrential rain, thunder and even hail have been predicted by forecasters.
Dairy Milk Spectacular will contain one row each of seven different fillings. Bar contains Dairy Milk Caramel, Fruit & Nut, Whole Nut, Oreo, Dairy Milk Daim, and Turkish. Only 50 of the bars will be available as part of a competition and there are only 50 on offer.
LaNia Roberts, 18, is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is and how, through her love of art, she has learned to find beauty within her own appearance. Three years ago on New Year's Day, LaNia made a resolution to lose 50 pounds and love herself more, but gained the weight back over the summer of junior year. She recently gave a speech at Syracuse University on learning to love one's self unconditionally.
'Today, we move on,' Comcast CEO Brian Roberts said in a statement. On Wednesday night, it emerged that Federal Communications regulators decided that merger wasn't in the public interest. This followed fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like Disney and 21st Century Fox. The proposed merger would have combined Comcast's 30million customers with Time Warner Cable's 11million.
Vonda Thedford, 55, believes she has photographic evidence of the legendary blood-sucking beast, el chupacabra. The Oklahoma woman claims she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on a rural road earlier this month. When she stopped to look at the dead creature, she was disturbed to see it had 'a little truck' in place of a nose, 'little toes' and 'hair on its tail' Thedford says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter.
Graeme Finlay, 53, went on trial after incident on Thomson Celebration luxury liner. Ron Phillips, 70, and wife June, 69, were knocked unconscious in incident outside cabin. Frail couple accused Finlay of unprovoked attack that left grandfather with gash to forehead. But he insisted he only acted in self-defence when hit by Mr Phillips wielding crutch. Jury at Teesside Crown Court took less than an hour to return unanimous not guilty verdicts.
Bradley Parkes, 16, is fighting for his life in a coma after a suicide attempt. He was found hanging in the woods with a suicide note saying taking his own life was easier than what he was going through. His mother Tiffany, 35, shared a picture of her son in hospital and said he had been tormented by a gang of teenagers in Coventry. She described how her son had been robbed at knifepoint several times and even slashed in the face.
Measuring just 15ft by 10ft, hut on Mudeford Spit in Christchurch, Dorset, is the same price as a five-bedroom house in Herefordshire. It has no bathroom, no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty 'Noddy' train. Owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to Christchurch Borough Council for use of the hut. Hut 39 commands spectacular views across Christchurch Bay to the Needles and the Isle of Wight, but
FEMAIL writer Deni Kirkova, 24, travelled to four different Pret A Manger shops in London. She tried three different approaches: nonchalant, sad and friendly. On three of the visits, she wore no make-up, her glasses and a casual outfit. But on the other three, she amped up the glamour by removing her glasses, applying a full face of make up and donning a little red dress.
Dramatic decline blamed on Chinese government's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown. Previously wealthy businessmen would give prized mastiffs to officials in hope of influencing their decisions. Recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several Chinese cities has also had a huge impact on the breed's popularity. Breed's boom began in 2005 and led to the dogs being seen as status symbols.
Majority of the worlds volcanoes are found deep underwater. Scientists have now been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes. Rather than the explosive roar emitted by their cousins on land, underwater volcanoes give off a muted thrum instead. Using their unique sound signature, researchers will be able to detect different types of eruptions and record the gases being released far more accurately.
Sawyer Sweeten, 19, shot himself in the head while visiting a family member's home in Texas on Thursday morning. His manager said there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life. He appeared in 139 episodes of the popular US sitcom and also took small parts in television shows Even Stevens and Frank McKlusky C.I alongside his twin brother Sullivan in the early 2000s.
DeShawn Isabelle, 15, has been arrested for allegedly robbing, beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a Chicago train. His mother recognized his face on released surveillance images and turned him in to police. Isabelle punched the 41-year-old woman in the head from behind and then dragged her to the ground by pulling on her hair, prosecutors said. The teen also stole $2,000 in cash that the woman was going to wire back to her family in Thailand and spent it on junk food, Air Jordan track suits and his graduation fees.
Brianne Altice, 35, pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts, including several first-degree felonies. One of the boys was 16 and two were 17 when they were having sex with Davis High School English teacher Altice. Altice could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month. She was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges, including rape, sodomy, sexual abuse and sex with a minor, in connection to her suspected affairs with three students.
Engineers have developed a Human Powered Vehicle (HPV) and will attempt to beat the women's arm-powered speed record in Nevada later this year. It will be powered by paracyclist Liz McTernan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour (34.42 km/h) over a 656ft (200-metre) stretch of tarmac. The current benchmark is held by Tracy Miller who broke the record on 13 May 1995 on a bike called Chairiot. Ms McTERNAN's HPV was been designed by mechanical and composites
Charles Severance, 54, has been charged with the murders of Nancy Dunning, Ron Kirby and Ruthanne Lodato, in Alexandria, Virginia. All three victims were gunned down at their homes in daylight attacks: Dunning in 2003, Kirby in 2013 and Lodato last year. Severance's writing appeared to echo a biblical passage and also included the words: 'The last scream of a victim echoes to eternity... Murder on my mind, and my mind on murder' The prosecution alleged that Severance's plan to kill was outlined in a bizarre piece called 'Parable of the Knocker', based
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was killed earlier this month when she was hit by a bus. She had pushed her daughter Olivia, 8, out of the way of the vehicle in Swansea. The mother-of-three, from Llanishen, Cardiff, was rushed to hospital but later died. Police officers of all ranks turned out to pay their respects at her funeral today. Her husband Gavin Lucas, 36, read a poem and told the congregation she would remain in his heart forever.
Kim Pappas, 25, gave birth in her office toilet and cut the umbilical cord. She then returned to her desk and put the baby boy in a sealed plastic bag. Nobody at Ceva Logistics in Wyandotte, Michigan, knew she was pregnant. Workers went to the bathroom after hearing moaning and crying - but PAppas had already left. They returned to the cubicle covered in blood and found the lifeless infant. Pappas has been charged with premeditated murder and has been denied bail.
Brian Cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in Bangor, Maine on Thursday when he found the money beneath a piece of paper in the parking lot. He immediately called security and told them what he had found and they contacted the police. The money belonged to Ou Chen, who lost the money as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant. After counting the money at the police station, an officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him and took a picture of him accepting it.
Eve Stratford, 22, was found with her throat slashed in her Leyton home in 1975. Six months later, Lynne Weedon, 16, was attacked and raped in an alleyway in Hounslow. Both murders were linked in 2006 after matching DNA was discovered on victims. Detectives believe the killer of both women is now in his 60s or 70s or 80s. They have offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice.
The tiny nipper - measuring just 5.5 inches long - was caught during a 2010 government research trip and its body remained frozen while biologists went about identifying it. This week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kind. The first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Peru and it's been sitting in a Russian museum since.
The Taliban announced the launch of Operation Azm, meaning 'determination', on Wednesday. The jihadi group claimed responsibility for 108 attacks in the opening five hours. A US air base near Kabul and military outposts in Nuristan were targeted today. Afghan security forces are struggling to cope with the new offensive across the country.
Jiaojiao fell 150ft from a window in Zheng Du City, Central China. Rain canopies, laundry racks and wet grass broke her fall on Sunday. Her pelvis had broken into pieces and she had severe bruising and scratches. Doctors said it was a miracle she was conscious and she is still in intensive care. Mother, Zheng Jiayu, 31, who left her at home, now cannot afford the huge medical bill.
The One Direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a wild night out at London's Soho Hotel on Wednesday night. He appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a'suspicious' substance. New pictures have emerged of the singer in his hotel room in the early hours of Thursday morning. Shots taken from a Snapchat video appear to show the 23-year-old in his room with his female friends.
Samsung has teased its next-generation wearable, referred to as 'the next Gear' Images of the watch's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about Samsung's upcoming developer scheme. Samsung's previous watches have all had rectangular faces, or in the case of the Gear S, a curved design. Motorola, Huawei and LG currently offer round watches, while the Pebble Steel and Apple Watch are square. Apple's Watch officially went on sale today, but anyone turning up to buy one on the high street will be disappointed as none of its stores have them in stock. Instead, consumers
Andrew Hichens, 28, is the first person to be trained and equipped as a 'tri-service safety officer' The father-of-two has taken up his unique role in Hayle in Western Cornwall. As 'Tri-service Safety Officer', he does not have the power to make arrests. Will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages while on hand to respond to most 999 calls.
Kim Woodward, 34, has been appointed head chef at the Savoy Grill in London. She follows in the footsteps of a string of maître chefs since its opening in 1889. Chef promised to continue the'masculine' traditions of five-star Grill.
Students from Zeta Beta Tau at both the University of Florida and Emory University have been accused of the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen. It happened during the Warrior Beach Retreat in Panama City on April 17. The event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious Lakedown Wharf Resort. But instead of being acknowledged for their service, some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk youngsters threw beer off the balcony.
Birmingham topped the league table for rat exterminations with 15,000 last year. London Borough of Southwark has the most mice, cockroaches and bed bugs. Newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the UK with 5% of residents calling in exterminators. Residents of North Lanarkshire in Scotland most likely to report problems with wasps. British Pest Control Association says pests numbers are at their highest for several years.
Christien Sechrist, a 20-year-old trainee electrician from Houston, Texas, had a black and white image of his young son Perseus etched onto the left side of his head in July. A snapshot of the tattoo was shared on Imgur earlier this week, helping the young father to gain national attention. Despite his critics' negative reactions, Christien insists that he doesn't regret his decision to get the controversial ink.
Lucy, 23, is face of Sunkissed tanning brand. Called on younger sister Lydia, 19, to join her in latest campaign. Says it was'really lovely working together' because they don't see each other often. Admits she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years. Has toned down her make-up and doesn't wear heavy eyeshadow now.
Women's Health Initiative in the US and Million Women Study in the UK both found evidence HRT increases a woman's risk of breast, womb and ovarian cancers. Women who take combined HRT - oestrogen and progesterone combined - have an increased risk of cancer up to eight years after stopping treatment, according to the new study. HRT is used to ease the effects of the menopause, including hot flashes and mood swings. After the reported increased risk in breast cancer, use of the therapy dropped dramatically.
Towie, population 300, has a single road, a few houses, primary school, church, graveyard and a community hall. But local streams have been well known for grains of gold of'significant size' for decades. Two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions. Turkish mining giant Koza Altin Isletmeleri and Highland firm GreenOre are now seeking planning permission for further investigation.
Tornado touched down in Florida on Thursday afternoon, but did not cause any damage. Thunderstorms were predicted to take place in many parts of the country on Thursday night. Severe thunderstorms may take place Friday and affect major cities, including Dallas, Kansas City, Missouri, Oklahoma City, and Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. For Saturday, severe thunderstorms would strike Nashville, Memphis, Atlanta, Tallahassee, Jacksonville, New Orleans, and Jackson. Wind, tornadoes, and hail were forecast to be potential issues from Friday through Sunday, with flash floods as an potential
Labour leader said deaths of hundreds of refugees could have been avoided if PM had done more following his intervention in Libya to remove former dictator Colonel Gaddafi. Claimed the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of Mr Cameron's foreign policy. Allegation provoked a furious response from the Tories who demanded that Mr Miliband apologise for the 'outrageous and disgraceful' remarks. Up to 1,750 refugees have lost their lives trying to reach Europe this year - out of 35,000 who have tried to make the crossing.
The 1954 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback was originally commissioned by Welsh racing driver R D Weatherall and painted in his racing colour of purple - the license plate still bears his initials. It was estimated to sell for around £200,000 but ended up selling for £739,212 - a record for the auction house. More than 45 people placing bids on behalf of bidders from around the world in the room, over the phone and on the internet. The Bentley was sold to an anonymous British car collector - who faces the task of restoring the car to its former glory.
Robert O'Neill will host'machine gun fun' shooting competition in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. For America non-profit invited supporters to attend $50,000-a-ticket event with him. Invitation did not say when event would take place, but said it was for'security reasons' O'Neill claims to have personally killed Osama bin Laden in 2011 raid on his compound in Pakistan.
Elizabeth 'Elle' Edmunds, 31, was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception. Police allege she used a falsified doctor's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise about $2500 from an online fundraising page. Ms Edmunds told Belmont Local Court she was put up to the act by her violent partner John Heagney, and did it because she feared for her life. The mother-of-one went into hiding after revelations of her alleged fraud came to light last year.
George Kirby and 91-year-old Doreen Luckie from Eastbourne, East Sussex, will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988. Between them they have had seven children, 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren. George, currently 102, proposed on Valentine's Day and will marry for the third time on June 13. The pair will get married at the Langham Hotel, owned by George's son Neil, where they have lived since 2013.
Barbara Anne Beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom in Greenville on January 2. The coroner's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect. Prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members.
Elephant nicknamed Troublesome has been a regular visitor to Etali Safari Lodge. The cheeky elephant wanders around the pool and deck area as if he owns the joint. Staff at the South African safari resort have tried to keep him out of the pools. But the elephant can't resist the clear water provided by the resort's splash pools.
Christopher Whitmore, 36, pulled up behind his wife Melissa Ball, 27, and their son Grayden, 8, at a gas station in Varnell, Georgia last night. He killed his child before turning the gun on Ball and then himself. Police said Ball and Whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated. It is unclear what motivated the horrific shooting in the town.
The fast-casual chain will work with the Postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities. But Mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge - with the delivery fees for Postmates beginning at $5 and up, depending on distance and demand.
Eva Kor, 81, met former SS guard Oskar Groening, 93, 70 years after Auschwitz was liberated. She embraced him, thanked him, held his hand and forgave him. Groening is on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 Jews. He denies being an accessory to the murder of at the death camp.
Navinder Singh Sarao, 37, is accused of causing the 2010 Wall Street 'flash crash' Former Brunel University student allegedly made £550,000 in five minutes on the day of the crash. He faces extradition to the U.S. and could face a 380-year prison sentence. Sarao, of Hounslow, west London, was bailed with a surety of £5million on Wednesday. Magistrates' court today said it had not received the money and he will remain in custody.
Liam Byrne left a memo on his desk after Labour's election defeat in 2010. It said: 'Dear Chief Secretary, I'm afraid that there is no money. Kind regards and good luck' Today Danny Alexander replied saying it was because he had been 'fixing the economy' 'The deficit halved. Jobs up. Growth up. That's the Liberal Democrat record,' he wrote. 'We won't let you  or the Tories  screw it up!'
Xie Shisheng was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner. Now 34, a very gaunt Xie said he was hit with a hammer, never fed properly and beaten daily. When police arrived at the mill they found large quantities of fake cotton goods. Inside a locked room officials found Xie making cotton products.
Bahar Mustafa, 27, is Welfare and Diversity Officer at Goldsmiths University. Picture shows her posing in front of sign with 'no white men' sign and pretending to cry. She told white people and men 'not to come' to meeting she was holding to discuss 'diversifying curriculum' She also banned 'cis' or cisgender men, a term used to describe people whose mental gender and physical sex match, which is the opposite of transgender. Photo was posted online as she was being accused of sexism and racism. Union eventually backed down after a backlash from students
Concept artist Alex Brady from Cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like. He imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to Las Vegas, with neon lights and plenty of attractions. Space station is located in orbit around Earth, allowing planes to seemingly take off from Earth and then return to the planet with relative ease. The cone-shaped space station is also shown in a state of partial completion. And Mr Brady has also given his take on how humans might get into orbit in the future on a variety of space planes.
Benjamin Mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out. The 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three Brits arrested. Naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of Ireland. He was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking. Thomas Britteon, 28, also received eight years for the same charges. John Powell, 70, was sentenced for 10 years for conspiracy to import cocaine.
The Marry British Royalty Spinner Charm comes in 14K gold vermeil and sterling silver and retails for $198 and $148, respectively. It lists eight 'future husbands', including Prince George and Prince Harry, as well as more generic options such as 'Marquess' and 'Viscount' Jet Set Candy's founder and designer Nicole Parker King launched the collection in 2014 after traveling on six different continents.
Kerrie Armitage, from Leeds, suffers from aquagenic urticaria  an allergy to water. Diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters in a rain storm. Mother-of-three, 28, has had to stop kissing her husband of four years, Peter. Claims a kiss from him can trigger a painful flare-up, due to contact with his saliva. Even hugging her children can trigger an episode, as their body heat makes her sweat.
Biometric scanning, sustainable hotels and iPad-controlled hotel rooms are just a few of the innovations we'll see in the future. Skyscanner predicts that in 15 years, booking flights will be as easy as buying a book online. Airbus believes that planes in 2050 will be made of panoramic windows that offer 360-degree views of the world's wonders and attractions.
Lincolnshire resort joins St Ives and Windermere in top ten for holiday property. Billy Butlin located his first holiday park at Skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year. Research revealed that 165,000 people in England and Wales have holiday homes. Cornwall, with its 300 mile coastline, is the nation's holiday home hotspot.
Sydney's Dan Churchill, 25, is touring the US to promote his cook book 'Dude Food' On Tuesday he appeared alongside Blake Lively on Good Morning America. The starlet was won over by his 'Bro Burgers' and cheeky Aussie charm. Churchill admitted he crushes more on hubby Ryan Reynolds than Lively. Tim McGraw, the country singer also got a photo with Churchill.
Australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the Anzacs. Record numbers gathered at dawn services across the country to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Gallipoli landing. Proud Aussies came together in Sydney, while more paid their respects in Queensland's regional and coastal towns of Gympie and Coolangatta. Tens of thousands also assembled at Melbourne's Shrine of Remembrance, despite cold and wet conditions.
Lisa Heath, 45, an assistant at Willowtown Community Primary School, Gwent. Colleague found white powder in her bag and reported it to the police. She initially denied the drugs were hers, saying they had been planted on her. But she later changed her story, accepting a caution for possession of a Class B drug. Ms Heath has now been suspended from teaching and is being dealt with internally.
Labour leader has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike. He has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern. But it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public. Comes as it has been revealed he has hired a 'leadership consultancy' firm. ExtendedMind coaches people to look 'authentic' and cope with anxiety, it has emerged.
'Project Elysium' claims to create a 'personalised afterlife experience' with loved ones who have passed. The app's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work. What little we do know comes from their Twitter account, which features a screenshot showing someone being transformed into a 3D model. It has been entered into the upcoming Oculus VR Jam 2015 contest. To be eligible for the jam's grand prize, the team have to showcase more screenshots by April 27, followed by video footage the week after.
John Elder and Armin T. Wegner smuggled hundreds of photographs of the death and destruction visited on Armenians by Ottoman Turks a century ago. They documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a Turkish government which still denies the slaughter of up to 1.5million Armenians constituted genocide. As Armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities, many Western countries still do not use that word, and US president Barack Obama is once again unlikely to do so.
Paul Nungesser, a German citizen, was accused of raping Emma Sulkowicz, a senior majoring in visual arts, in her dorm room in 2013. Authorities rejected the claims, but the case gathered international attention. Sulkowicz publicly paraded her mattress in protest, calling for his indictment. She also attended President Obama's State of the Union address in January at the invitation of Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y. In his lawsuit against Columbia, he claims the school presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website.
Islamic State have reportedly launched their own 'health service', bearing remarkable similarities to the publicly funded British health service, the National Health Service. Known as the Islamic State Health Service (ISHS), even the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the UK's free health system. Video features an Australian pediatrician and an Indian physiologist, urging foreign doctors to travel to Syria and help ISIS with their new health care service. The video's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor, wearing an NHS style blue surgical scrubs, almost identical to images seen on British healthcare service's leaflets.
PepsiCo said it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the U.S. in response to customer feedback. Diet Pepsi, Caffeine-Free Diet Pepsi and Wild Cherry Diet Pepsi will now contain sucralose. The sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems, although research has shown it to be safe. Decision to swap sweeteners comes as after a decade of plummeting sales. Consumers have shifted away from diet drinks because of perceived health concerns about artificial sweeteners, specifically aspartame.
A new species of frog has been found in Brazil called Hylodes japi. It was found to mate underground in secret chambers in the Atlantic forest. Males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes. And the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators. Discovery was made by researchers in Serra do Japi in the State of São Paulo.
Former state District Judge G. Todd Baugh of Billings was chosen for the award by the group's board of directors. Baugh, 73, sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old Cherice Moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher. At former teacher Stacey Rambold's sentencing, Baugh said that Moralez was 'as much in control of the situation' Moralez killed herself before the case went to trial. Despite the embarrassment Baugh brought on the Montana judiciary, at least some colleagues stuck by him.
Jenrry Mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozolol. The 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least July. Mejia would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season.
Deputy Kerry Kempink was responding to a call at a home in Pasco County, Florida. He jumped a fence into the garden and was confronted by two Rottweilers. Within seconds he shot one which was barking at him and turned his gun on the other. Owner Carla Gloger begged him to put the dog out of its misery as he called his station. Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco has defended his deputy's actions, claiming he acted in self-defense. The sheriff's office has received death threats since the shocking footage emerged.
Jenna Marotta, 27, of New York, developed dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder - as a way to break out of her binge-eating routine. She would spend hours in front of a magnifying mirror poking at and squeezing her pores for hours on end. The condition was so bad that it became'self-sabotaging' and caused her face to bled.
Anthony Martinez was over-joyed when his straight guy friend, Jacob Lescenski, stepped in to fill the spot. He was greeted in the locker room at Desert Oasis High School on Tuesday morning with a huge pink banner reading: 'You're hella gay, I'm hella str8, but you're like my brother, so be my d8?' The promposal has since garnered thousands of 'Likes' and retweets online.
Surveillance cameras caught the thief taking $9,000 out of the account of Kate Sullivan at Chase branches in Commack and Freeport on September 23, 2014. State police say the female suspect then racked up $4,000 in bills after opening four store credit cards in Sullivan's name in New Haven, Connecticut. Sullivan, who had lung cancer, was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York. The 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers Kimora Lee Simmons and Diane von Furstenberg.
Daniela D'Addario, 35, was found dead in the boot of her car on Wednesday night. A 27-year-old man, believed to be her boyfriend, has been charged with her murder. He was arrested in Bermagui, on the NSW south coast, after fleeing from police. The couple had reportedly been in a very tumultuous relationship for about four months. Friends say she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back in Fiji.
The 1986 file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up. Home Office has refused to comment on the dossier, which could conceal the name of a second person. Up to 30 people have now reportedly told police they were abused by Lord Janner, with more coming forward since it was announced he will not be charged with child sex offences. Alison Saunders said she is not afraid to see the controversial move tested by a High Court judge.
Lewis Hamilton sprayed champagne into the face of a hostess at Chinese Grand Prix. It's not the first time the racing ace has sprayed a grid girl with bubbly. He did it after winning Spanish Grand Prix and even the Austrian Grand Prix in 2013. But leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned his behaviour. Roz Hardie, chief executive of Object, said he should be forced to apologise for'specially directing' the bubbly into the woman's face.
Ashley X was caught on camera driving his Honda sports car at 67mph on M11 in 2009. He initially ignored attempts to confirm who was driving the car before making up a series of stories to shift the blame. X tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts, concocting various stories. The driver finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice at Ipswich Crown Court. Judge Martyn Levett sentenced X to nine months imprisonment and ordered him to pay £1,200 costs.
Randy and Jodi Speidel, from Bellefontaine, Ohio, created online fundraisers on GiveFroward.com and GoFundMe.com in late February begging Good Samaritans for financial help. Mrs Speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter, had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day. The couple's landlord, Doug Elleman, arrived at their rental to discover a pink handwritten note warning passersby of carbon monoxide inside. Firefighters who were called to the scene entered the residence and discovered a pair of charcoal grills filled
Transport for London has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport. Uncomfortable footage sees a female commuter hounded by an increasingly persistent man. Broadchurch actress Olivia Coleman, who plays the narrator, asks: 'Would you report it?' According to TLC, one in ten Londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour. 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported.
Bianca Gascoigne, 28, was mugged by a gang on bikes in central London on Tuesday. The gang of eight grabbed her phone and tried to take her bag, but she fought them off. They reportedly took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father Paul. She later took to Twitter where she branded the muggers 'lowlifes on bikes' The theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says she understands concerns of English voters. Suggests Cameron has been 'not unhelpful' to SNP by gaining greater publicity. Comes after she said she would put Miliband in Downing Street even if Labour wins 40 fewer seats than Tories in a hung Parliament.
UKIP leader said pain meant he was not 'firing on all cylinders' during election. Revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury. 51-year-old has cut his working day to 14 hours and may give up smoking. He was pictured smoking an e-cigarette yesterday.
Karen Buckley, 24, died of head and neck injuries, according to her death certificate. Her death certificate was signed by her parents Marion, 62, and John, 61. She vanished after a night out in Glasgow's west end sparking a four-day police search. Remains were uncovered at High Craigton Farm, near Milngavie, East Dunbartonshire. Former private schoolboy Alexander Pacteau, 21, appeared at Glasgow Sheriff Court today. He was charged with murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice on April 17.
Ariana Miyamoto, 20, was born and raised in Sasebo near Nagasaki, Japan. Her father is African American and her mother is Japanese. She was crowned Miss Japan last month and will represent her country at Miss Universe. Some critics have complained she is a mixed race 'hafu' and not Japanese enough. Ariana says she is 'Japanese through and through. I am Japanese - 100 percent' She has been inspired by singer Mariah Carey's struggle to get to the top.
James Webster, 35, targeted women as they shopped at Lidl in Maidenhead, Berkshire. He used a hidden camera to film up women's skirts as they bent over chest freezers. Security guards discovered Webster had cut a hole in his bag to carry out filming. The voyeur admitted outraging public decency and was warned he could face prison. But he was spared jail after magistrates handed him a three year community order. Webster was also ordered to take part in a sexual offences treatment programme.
Cops began following the wild animal after it was spotted scurrying through Battery Park City at 6am on Saturday. Officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars. For two hours it evaded capture, with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it 'like a suspect' They then managed to corner it at Merchants River House on South End Avenue and shot it with a tranquilizer dart. It was then put in a cage and taken away into the care of the ASPCA.
Lord Fellowes is to turn Trollope's 1858 novel Doctor Thorne into a new three-part historical drama for ITV. He said: 'Doctor Thorne is one of my favourite novels. It is romantic and funny and I am absolutely delighted to be doing it. I said yes to it straight away' TV insiders say Hugh Bonneville and Lily James would be ideal as Thomas Thorne and Mary.
Peter Gale, 47, dismissed by Nonsuch High School For Girls in Surrey two weeks ago. Mail on Sunday investigation reveals he sent 'informal' emails to sixth form pupil. School rules forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts. But National Union of Teachers appeared to play down seriousness of his conduct. NUT implied Mr Gale's actions only amounted to a breach of school's IT rules.
From Indiana's 'ghost cane' to Pennsylvania's 'chair of death', these regular household fixtures are sure to give you the creeps. This 'conjure chest' is said to have caused the death of 17 people close to a slave master who murdered a slave, causing her fellow slaves to have a conjurer curse it. Bruno Amadios portrait of a weeping child hit the headlines in the 1980s when a Yorkshire firefighter claimed to have noticed the painting left unscathed at the scene of house fires. The case of the haunted bunk beds of Wisconsin became infamous in 1987
Shoccara Marcus returned to her childhood home after her father was diagnosed with cancer in 2011. In Choreographing My Past, a photo series, Marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she copes with her family remembering her as the child she used to be while refusing to accept her for the woman she has become. The images were captured throughout the house as she is seen performing a different move in each frame as she explores her place in the family structure.
Gran Canaria is just four hours from the UK, but has the best climate in the world. Gareth Huw Davies visits the volcanic outpost in the Atlantic and draws up his list of things to see and do. From the sea symphony to a coffee plantation, these five must-visits are sure to please Brits.
Alison Saunders, 54, sparked outrage when she let off Lord Janner over child sex abuse. She decided 86-year-old Labour peer should not face trial because he has dementia. But it has been revealed she trained at the same legal firm where he was a QC. Her pupillage  a barrister's training contract  was at 1 Garden Court Chambers in 1983. Bar Council confirmed Janner worked at the legal firm from the mid-1950s up until 1986. CPS insists the pair had never met, despite three-year overlap of their time at firm.
Dale Cregan reportedly moved to Ashworth Hospital in Maghull, Merseyside. 31-year-old has reportedly started refusing food after being moved to solitary confinement. He was jailed for life after shooting police officers Fiona Bone and Nicola Hughes in 2012. Source said that Cregan was 'playing the system' by refusing food at Category A jail. Moors murderer Ian Brady was sent to high-security psychiatric unit over 30 years ago. Brady tortured and murdered five children in Greater Manchester between 1963 and 1965.
Mary Pat Christie, 51, a managing director at Angelo Gordon & Co, quit her $475,000-a-year job this week. Official reason was to'spend more time with her family and young children' But many will see it as a sign that her husband, New Jersey governor Chris Christie, is planning to run for president in 2016. Decision mirrors that of Ted Cruz's wife, Heidi, who took unpaid leave from Goldman Sachs.
Labour candidate Michael Foster was at a public 'hustings' in Cornwall. Rival candidate Loveday Jenkin pointed out that he lived in a £1.5 million house near Falmouth. Mr Foster said it was a'marginal issue' and not many people in the area would be hit. Ms Jenkin claims he then turned to her and said: 'You c***. If you pick on me again I will destroy you' Labour at centre of race row after texts sent to Asian voters urging them to vote for 'all Asian candidates'
The actor was asked what he thought of Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's comments. He said: 'I think for a man whose native tongue is Spanish to be able to put together a phrase like 'cultural genocide' just speaks to how bright he is' The comments sparked a furious backlash on Twitter, with some calling it 'racist' and 'ignorant' It comes just three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with Britain's Channel 4 after the interviewer talked about his history of drug abuse.
Actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to Lake Como mansion. Party is a belated celebration of Mrs Clooney's 37th birthday in February, according to a source. Among guests rumoured to have been invited are Matt Damon and Brad Pitt. Security tight around Villa Oleandra, the couple's lakeside home, ahead of the event.
Drugs were hurled over the fence by friends of inmates who missed their targets. HMP Altcourse in Liverpool is privately run by controversial firm G4S. It is the first prison in the UK to be designed and constructed for a private operator. G4S insists it runs an effective anti-smuggling operation.
Volcano Calbuco, in southern Chile, erupted forcing 1,500 residents from Ensenada, about 10 miles away, to flee their homes. The National Mining and Geology Service issued a high alert, setting up an exclusion zone of 12.5miles around the volcano, barring access to the area. Since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views.
Tony McCoy, 40, has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years. McCoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and won 4,348 winners during his career. The Irish jockey has been Champion Jockey in Britain and Ireland since 1996. He was presented with the trophy for the final time by former Arsenal player Ian Wright. 18,000 people packed Sandown Park to watch his final two professional races.
Marco Evaristti poured red fruit dye into the Strokkur Geysir hot spring at dawn. When it boiled, vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result of the stunt. The Chilean national defended his work, saying 'nature belongs to no one' He has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his 'vandalism'
Vince Cable says he has spent his whole political life fighting the Conservatives. But he wants to work with them again and wants to replace George Osborne as Chancellor. Cable says he would not rule out working with Labour but 'envisages' remaining in a government led by Cameron, not Miliband. Tory chiefs have sent extra teams to Twickenham to 'decapitate' Cable.
Kevin Coulton, 16, decided to stick his mouth in the rim of a glass to achieve fuller pout. But he was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin for more than three days. Schoolboy is warning classmates not to take part in craze sparked by beauty-conscious teens. 'It really did hurt, and it went all purple and bruised straight away,' he said.
Charles Dunstone is now backing the Conservatives in the 2015 General Election. The former Carphone Warehouse boss said David Cameron deserved credit for turning around the economy. He said the current Labour Party viewed business as the problem, rather than the engine that gives politicians the ability to provide a fair and compassionate society. Dunstone said Labour's energy freeze policy betrays a misunderstanding of how markets work.
Panel convened by Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF), the 'climate sceptic' think-tank led by former Tory Chancellor Lord Lawson. Will look at thousands of 'adjustments' made to temperature records kept at weather stations around the world. Sceptics argue that the effect of such adjustments - made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated - has skewed records.
Qatar's Constellation Group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in Claridge's, the Connaught and the Berkeley Hotel last week. They now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated £740 million, and have spent £11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the UK. Last year, the oil-rich country became the first commercial sponsor of Royal Ascot. The £100 million restoration of Dudley House, the UK's most expensive house, was completed this year.
Colin Bloomfield died at a hospice near his hometown of Shrewsbury yesterday morning. The BBC Radio Derby broadcaster had been battling skin cancer since 2013. He was given just months to live after the cancer spread from a cancerous mole on his leg. One Direction star Niall Horan among those to pay tribute to'super great guy' Bloomfield. Radio Derby editor Simon Cornes said: 'Colin's talent was a rare one and he was extraordinarily accomplished at all of them'
Dom Joly, 47, jumped off the yacht in the Volvo Ocean Race in Brazil. The comedian and travel writer joined up with team Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing. Earlier climbed the mast of the racing boat for a special'selfie' before it set out to sea. Volvo Ocean Race started last October from Alicante, Spain, and is currently in its sixth leg.
The century-old tradition of two-up is legalised in pubs and RSLs on Anzac Day. The game dates back to Australia's goldfields and the first recorded games are believed to have taken place in the late 1790s. It is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times, but legal on ANZAC Day across Returned Servicemen League clubs (RSL) and pubs.
New tests pinpoint genetic'markers' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness. Women can be told within days whether they have a high or low risk of the disease returning. For some women, the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent. This is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy.
ESPN reporter Britt McHenry, 29, was suspended for a week after the April 6 video emerged. She was covering the NHL Stanley Cup playoff game between the New York Islanders and Washington Capitols. McHenry's car had been towed from the parking lot of a Chinese restaurant in Virginia, where she left it overnight on Easter Weekend. When she picked it up, infuriated, she resorted to insulting the employee's looks, intelligence, and social status. Despite viewers' calls for harsher punishment, the network has reinstated the 28-year-old to her role with a spot on SportsCenter this
Comedian Jenny Eclair travelled with her other half on a Painting In Venus break with Flavours. Stayed in a farmhouse surrounded by maize fields and within easy striking distance by car of both Treviso and Venice. For seven days painters were patiently guided by Hugh through the basics of sketching, paint technique, colour and form.
The 46-year-old singer has filed for guardianship over daughter Bobbi Kristina's estate according to a Saturday report from NBC affiliate 11Alive. Bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the DeKalb Medical Center in Decatur, Georgia, where his daughter is being cared for. The daughter of Whitney Houston was recently moved from Emory University Hospital where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on January 31.
The rogue European eagle owl has been terrorising the Dutch town of Noordeinde for months. It spends an average of one minute perched on the head of innocent bystanders, before flying off looking for the next perch. In the most recent incident, the bird was caught on camera showing off its wingspan as it soared from a roof.
Sepsis affects more than 100,000 Britons a year and kills 37,000. NHS study reveals 90 per cent of patients failed to get correct treatment. Treatment involves simple set of lifesaving measures known as Sepsis Six. After campaigns in 2013 it was officially recommended by NHS England. But audit shows vital steps in the process are being missed.
Mull-cloth nappies are very popular in Europe, but have yet to catch on in UK. Pippa Middleton spotted buying them in shop in Geneva, Switzerland. They are made from natural fibres, meaning they don't end up in landfill heaps.
pages, written in Arabic, have reportedly been found on the social media site. They are said to be advertising'reliable' and 'comfortable' travel to Europe on overcrowded vessels for around $1,000 per person. Discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone.
Dana Perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the Walter Reed hospital in Washington, D.C. Perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy, but this particular meeting was one of the exceptions. 'The mom was beside herself with grief. She yelled at the president, wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in that hospital bed,' she said. She said the woman's husband tried to calm her and that, at first, the president tried to offer the mother some words of comfort before he just'stood and took it
Elizabeth Elena Laguna Salgado, 26, from Chiapas, Mexico, was last seen leaving a language school in Provo, Utah, April 16. There is no evidence she was kidnapped, but she hasn't made contact with anybody since she disappeared April 16, Provo Police Chief John King said. Salgado's cellphone has been turned off, and there has been no activity on her credit cards or any other sign of where she is or what happened. She usually talked with family in Mexico every day, he said.
Three eight-week old puppies were found inside of a sealed cardboard box on April 18. The Labradors were found by a woman who said the dogs were covered in urine and suffering from heat exhaustion. McKamey Animal Center in Tennessee said they have worms and are malnourished, and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage. Once the puppies complete their treatment at the center, they will be put up for adoption.
Paul Mason, 54, from Ipswich, Suffolk, once tipped the scales at 70st. He managed to shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 but the NHS have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin. Mr Mason is now preparing to undergo an operation in the U.S. after plastic surgeon Dr Jennifer Capla, from Lenox Hill Hospital in New York, offered to carry out the procedure free of charge.
The image is believed to come from a firebrand American religious group called 'The Disciples of the New Dawn' in the U.S. University of Sydney's Professor of Gynecology Hans Peter Dietz said the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment in Australia. Last year the World Health Organisation said the number of caesareans needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births. Its believed the campaign is a bid to pressure mums to into following the WHO appeal.
Dennis Hutchings, 73, charged with attempted murder over death of John Pat Cunningham. Mr Cunningham, 27, was shot dead by the Army in a field in Benburb, Co Armagh, in 1974. Hutchings appeared at Omagh Magistrates Court in Co Tyrone today and was released on bail. He was arrested in England on Tuesday and taken to Northern Ireland for questioning by detectives from the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
Sir Richard Branson converted The Old Chapel in Shipton-on-Cherwell, Oxfordshire, into a home in the 1970s. The entrepreneur painted the doors of the country retreat his trademark bright red. At the time he converted the property, Branson had a recording studio in an old manor house a few miles away from the chapel.
University of Florida and Emory University students accused of disrespected disabled veterans during charity event in Panama Beach City. Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members were suspended Friday and charged with obscene behavior, public intoxication, theft, causing physical or other harm, and damage to property. Three members of the University of Florida chapter have been expelled from the fraternity. About 60 veterans who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan were also attending a retreat that has been held twice a year for the past six years at the Lake Town Wharf Resort. The veterans were staying at the resort and the students were in town for their spring formal
Gary Lincoln, 48, from Port Talbot in Wales, was working in a house in Cardiff. His jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist. He put in in his sleeve 'to hold everything together' and was taken to hospital. Surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month.
Ed Miliband has hired a US-based leadership coach to help him find his 'inner voice' ExtendedMind claims to work with politicians to build leadership skills using neuroscience and business psychology Labour leader has long struggled to convince voters that he is a suitable choice for Prime Minister. Mr Miliband has consistently lagged behind David Cameron in the personal rating polls.
Located at the southern tip of China, Macau comprises a peninsula and two islands. It was run by Portugal until 1999 when it became a special Administrative Region of China. The city has 26 casinos, including the largest in the world, The Venetian. As a destination, it is far cheaper than Hong Kong and there is plenty of accommodation.
William Kerr was jailed in 1998 for the murder of Maureen Comfort. He absconded from a bail hostel in Hull after he was released on licence. The 53-year-old was apprehended in the street in Waterloo, south London. Arrest came after a £5,000 reward was offered for information on his whereabouts on BBC's Crimewatch.
Pauline McKee, 90, won a jackpot of $41,797,550.16 at the Isle Hotel Casino in Waterloo, Iowa in 2011. But on Friday the Iowa Supreme Court ruled she had only won $1.85 because of a software error. The unanimous court ruled that the casino did not have to pay McKee because the game's rules stated that the maximum award was $10,000 and that bonus awards were not allowed. A $41 million payout would amount to about half of the gross revenue the casino generated last year. McKee, who has 13 grandchildren
SNP leader has been accused of savage violence by her sister Gillian Owens. Gillian Owens said her sister cut the hair off her Sindy doll 'just for fun' as a child. But Nicola Sturgeon has denied the claims, saying she is'sure' she didn't do it. The accusations sparked a Twitter trend with users sharing images of beheaded dolls. A joke Twitter account was set up in the name Barbie Sturgeon this weekend.
Olivia Grant headed to Phuket in Thailand before the start of filming series two of Indian Summers. She stayed at the luxurious Sri Panwa resort, which comprises a series of minimalist villas. Each villa has its own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the shimmering Andaman Sea. Bangla Road is the strip is where zen goes to die, with 1,312ft of neon lights and loud music.
Families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen Australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in Nepal. The natural disaster has already claimed more than 1800 lives and more than 200 Australians are confirmed safe. Around 549 Aussies are registered as travelling in the Himalayan region. Several friends and family members have made a public appeal for help on Facebook and Twitter in a desperate attempt to find their loved ones. Among them are 18-year-old Liam Oliver, from Victoria, and his aunt Dianne Joy Coburn, 59, who are believed to be missing.
East Lancashire Railways award-winning 1940s Weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast's calendar. Wander the Isle of Wight and visit the Cotswolds Olimpicks for English eccentricity at its very finest. Brighton Fringe and Brighton Festival paint the place every colour of the rainbow.
The show entitled The Seven Year Switch is an eight episode series in which couples live, eat, and even sleep with a new significant other. The program chooses four couples who have reached the seven year mark and they guide them through the switch. After the switch is complete the couples will be able to decide whether they want to stay together or be with someone else.
Navinder Sarao, 36, made the bold claim in an email to business colleagues. It has been lodged in the Northern District Court of Illinois as evidence in any future trial. Prosecutors allege he helped to trigger the 'Flash Crash' of Wall Street in May 2010. The crash netted Sarao £27 million in profits, they claim.
Eagles Palace is a family-friendly hotel 90 minutes' drive from Thessaloniki. Set on tumbling levels down to its own beach, the hotel is a labyrinth of terrace restaurants. The Aegean Sea sweeps into the bay and out again every 20 minutes. Guests can head out on jetskis, sea kayak, paddle-boarding or mountain biking.
Car was pulled over on the A500 between Stoke-on-Trent and Crewe yesterday morning. Officers joked that the futuristic-looking car had a 'leaky flux capacitor' from the movie. The car's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to Marty McFly's hat in the hit movie.
Dontrell Stephens was shot four times by Palm Beach County Deputy Adam Lin. The then-20-year-old was paralyzed from the waist down after the shooting. Video of the shooting was released as part of a lawsuit filed against the Sheriff's Office. Stephens had a cellphone in his hand when he was shot by Lin.
Adam Barker is equal shareholder in Handles for Forks Ltd, which manages Ronnie Barker's work. The company made £501,319 profit in the year to last June, according to new accounts. It also has assets of nearly £1.2million and Barker would have received a one-third share. 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012.
Jay Liptrot, 43, was among first firefighters on scene of 200C inferno. Lee-Anna Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their baby Charlie, 15 months, and niece Skye, two, were trapped and perished in the first-floor flat. Melanie Smith, 45, a neighbour of the victims, was jailed for life for murdering the family.
The man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, 'took his daughter's life' through abuse. He raped her when he felt 'out of sorts or angry' and began when she was just 10. Despite promising to stop after each attack he carried on abusing her until she became pregnant. His depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she became a teenager. As she watched her abuser being led away from the dock she cried out: 'I love you and miss you'
WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW. Luis Andres Cuyun, 30, was gunned down in Guatemala City on Friday. Two suspected Mara Salvatrucha gang members opened fire on him and his driver, who was injured in the attack. Salvadoran Juan Carlos Medina Luna, 29, and Guatemalan Mario Alfonso Aguilar, 18, were arrested after a short police chase. Medina Luna said he carried out the hit on the orders of a man named 'El Travieso' or 'The Naughty One' and did it 'because I like to kill
Jeannie Flynn, 53, was walking to her GP when pavement gave way beneath her. Chip shop worker lay stricken in basement of a Fulham cafe as bricks fell on top of her as passers-by screamed 'get her out because it's all going to collapse' Worker from the Marrakech Express cafe then came to the rescue opening up their basement and leading her upstairs for a coffee. Ms Flynn suffered whiplash and bruising but was not seriously injured. Her partner Chris Jeffries, 48, claims she could have been killed in the accident.
Programmer Charanjeet Kondal used an application to create images of the new prince or princess. If he is right, the heir will have wispy blonde hair, dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old. He ran the same software when it was announced Kate was pregnant for the first time with Prince George.
The sniper rifle was inside a hard rifle case and was'secured properly' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains, according to police. The agent's gear bag, backpack, and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the March 27 theft. Police believe the rifle was stolen by breaking the rear right passenger-side window, tying a rope around the rifle case's handle or a cable lock, and using momentum from another vehicle to break the handle free from the lock. Salt Lake City police said the rifle's serial number has been entered into the National Crime Information Computer.
Brynn Johnson lost her 17-month-old daughter Rowyn in September last year after Cassie Miller ran her over with her car in Tenino, Washington. The two women, who have known each other for some time, have now started a charity called Raise for Rowyn to help other families who have experienced tragedy.
Eva Chapin, 34, from West Linn, Oregon, was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home. The qualified nurse referred to the residents, who are believed to have roots in Ghana, as 'n*****' but wrote: 'I am not racist' One of the notes, seen by KATU, read: 'Apes were never meant to drive so stop' Chapin was arrested on Tuesday and charged with two counts of intimidation and harassment.
Vandal smashed the front window of Foxtons branch in Brixton, South London. He spray painted 'no evictions' and 'yuppies' across estate agent's housing ads. Police confirmed one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage. Thousands turned up for the event organised by the Reclaim Brixton group. They were demonstrating against rising house prices and gentrification in the area. One of the event's organisers denounced the violent actions of 'one idiot' But she told MailOnline there could be a reason the estate agents are 'targeted'
Property developer Andreas Christopheros, 29, was left fighting for his life. Nicole Phillips, 45, from Hastings in East Sussex, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Her husband David Phillips, 48, has already been charged over the attack in Truro, Cornwall. The father-of-one was left with life-changing injuries, including loss of vision and facial scars.
The bill would prevent adolescents from smoking, buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes. Governor David Ige hasn't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues. According to the state Department of Heath, 5,600 kids in Hawaii try smoking each year, and 90 percent of daily smokers begin the habit before age 19.
Dr Adrian Quarterman, of Dundee University, is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy. Satellites will orbit the earth, covered in mirrors, to harvest sunlight and convert it into laser light. The energy it creates, using semi-conductors, can be shot back down to earth. If it works, it could mean solar power could even become viable in Scotland, or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas. But he says the beams will be nowhere near as powerful as in films like Star Wars.
Mohammad Ali Akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding raider in Flixton, Manchester. He was only on his second shift when the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife. CCTV footage shows the hooded thief vaulted the counter and wrestled with the cashier. The shopkeeper was stabbed in the ear and hand before the raider managed to flee empty-handed. Mr Akhtar had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack.
The Mistley Thorn in Mistley, Essex, has been running for ten years. The hotel was built as a coaching inn circa 1723, and offers award-winning dining and accommodation. Mersea oysters are available year-round - as are Colchester natives, when in season.
Valdosta State University in Georgia cancelled classes Friday ahead of a rally that drew hundreds of flag supporters to Valdosta. Michelle Manhart, 38, was detained by police when she refused to return an American flag to student demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism. She was issued a criminal trespass warning, essentially banning her from campus. University administrators arranged for extra police to be on campus to provide security during the rally, which was generally peaceful.
David Cameron will say Tories are party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds. He will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters. Tories have long-standing difficulty in attracting support from Britain's growing ethnic minority electorate. Claim will be seen as tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of Sajid Javid.
Simon Wood, 38, battled it out against Emma Spitzer and Tony Rodd. They were challenged to cook judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace a three-course meal in three hours. Mr Wood served octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans followed by squab pigeon served two ways with watercress puree and carrots. He finished with a dessert of lemon posset topped with seven garnishes.
Sabeen Mahmud was gunned down by two men on a motorcycle in Karachi. Her sandals remained resting in the footwell of the driver's seat of her car. The exterior of the white vehicle was left stained with her blood. Earlier that night Mahmud hosted an event to discuss human rights in Baluchistan. Thousands of people have disappeared from the province in recent years.
Bruce Jenner, now 65, won Olympic gold in the men's decathlon in 1976. He has undergone numerous cosmetic procedures over the years, including nose jobs, facelifts and Botox. The former Playgirl cover hunk has also had his Adam's apple shaved off and his hair cut short.
Manchester University in Indiana was on lockdown late Friday night after a 'likely prank call' about an armed person on campus. Police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university, was armed with a shotgun and threatening to blow up the administration building. Indiana State Police and a bomb squad responded to the incident, though left after deciding that it should be investigated as a likely prank call. 'No injuries have been confirmed,' Manchester University posted on its Facebook page just after 1am.
Scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the Apis Mellifera or European Honeybee. Their final aim is to build a robot that thinks, senses and acts just like the insects. The artificial brain is being created by the Green Brain Project, which is a collaboration between researchers from the Universities of Sheffield and Sussex. It is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions.
Maria Cristina Barrionuevo ruled the H982 FKL plate was a reference to 1982 Falklands War. BBC claimed the plate was an 'unhappy coincidence' but Maria Cristina said it was deliberate. She slammed Top Gear's actions as 'arrogant and disrespectful' in a report released this week. Clarkson and his colleagues fled Argentina last year after their convoy came under attack. They were accused of deliberately inciting conflict with the plate, an alleged reference to the 1982 conflict. Producers removed the plate and replaced it with another and are now appealing decision.
The global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for 'business as usual' Saturday. Earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the US and 1,000 in Canada. It did not explain exactly what caused the outage, which began in the early evening on the East Coast and late afternoon on the West Coast. Twitter lit up with messages from giddy Starbucks customers spreading the word about the impromptu coffee giveaway.
Far-Right supporters turned up at Ukip event in Broadstairs on Friday night. They were led by Gary Field, a former regional organiser for the EDL. Farage's Labour opponent in South Thanet, Will Scobie, claimed a group of his campaigners had been attacked by National Front members chanting for Ukip. Mr Field was tagged in 2013 for breaching a community service order after being found guilty of assault.
An Australian doctor is the face of the latest Islamic State propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in Syria. The propaganda video shows a man with an Australian accent who calls himself 'Abu Yusuf' The vision shows Yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope. Yusuf urges foreign Muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative.
Aaron Kaufman, former chief technology officer of Blue Shield, accused of blowing thousands of dollars on vacations, hotel stays and lavish nights out with Tara Reid. Blue Shield said Reid 'behaved inappropriately' at an event bankrolled by his company credit card, posting raunchy pictures of herself to social media. The company is seeking the money back as well as unspecified damages. Kaufman, 39, is married to another woman and the couple are going through a divorce.
Painting allegedly hanging in home of SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon shows her as a dominatrix. But instead of being offended, Ms Sturgeon is said to be 'tickled' by the image. It is believed to grace the wall of her suburban Glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband, Peter Murrell. He is credited with transforming her from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman.
Lindsay Sandiford, 58, is on death row in Bali for smuggling cocaine worth £1.6million. She was sentenced to death after Indonesian police linked her to almost five kilograms of cocaine. Her friend Andrew Chan is expected to be put to death on Kerobokan prison on Tuesday. Sandiford has told friends she 'wants to get it over with' and believes she will be executed. Indonesia has vowed to kill all of its 58 foreign drug convicts by the end of 2015.
More than 10,000 Australians and New Zealanders are sitting in reverence on the shores of the Gallipoli peninsula. A formal ceremony was held to honour the diggers who fought and fell there a century ago. Defence Force Chief Mark Binskin told the thousands gathered there of the horror the Anzacs were confronted with on the day they came ashore in Turkey. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, his New Zealand counterpart John Key, Prince Charles and Prince Harry are among those in attendance.
Brigadier General Hassan Abbas Toufan was killed in the attack. A colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the Nadhem al-Taqseem region. Iraqi army is embroiled in a fierce battle to reconquer the western province. Earlier on Friday, the army recaptured the important al-Houz bridge.
Geoff Whitington, 63, from Ashford, Kent, was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes that he had been told he may need a leg amputated. His sons Anthony and Ian have helped their father shed six stone and overhauled his health. Doctors say he is no longer diabetic  and he is off medication.
NBC committee looking at stories Williams told in 2011 interview with Jon Stewart. He said he'made eye contact' with a government soldier who was beating protesters in Cairo. However, there is no footage of Williams actually being on the square at the time. The Nightly News anchor was suspended in February amid allegations he had lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in Iraq in 2003.
The password, 166816, is still being used by about 90 per cent of customers, researchers David Byrne and Charles Henderson disclosed on Wednesday during the annual RSA security conference in California. Hackers would need physical access to the payment devices, opening a panel of the device using a paperclip, to exploit it. While Henderson and Byrne did not name the vendor, a Google search pointed to Verifone which connects around 27 million payment devices around the world.
In the latest video from the Elders React series on TheFineBros YouTube channel, a group of senior citizens are given their first introduction to the photo messaging app Snapchat. While many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app, they still can't really wrap their heads around the point of it.
Gordon Brown said SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon's answers on independence are 'all evasion' He said her party want 'chaos and constitutional crisis' at Westminster to force another referendum. Former PM urged 'patriotic Scots' to vote Labour to end bedroom tax, food bank poverty, zero-hours contracts and neglect of NHS.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at about 1am on Friday. Her body was found on Friday in a rural area of Brown County in Needmore, which is more than 20 miles from campus. Daniel Messel, 49, of Bloomington, was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder. Coroner said Wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object, which was not found at the scene. The connection between Messel and Wilson is unclear.
Isidro Garcia, 41, will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade. Authorities said the daughter of Garcia's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from Mexico in 2004. Garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl, who is now 25, and lived with her until last year. The case came to light last year when the woman went to a police station in Bell Gardens to report a domestic violence incident and was connected to a missing-
The robots were built by engineers at Stanford University in California. They can haul more than a kilogram up a wall and can drag a weight up to 2000 times their own weight. The nine-gram robots are so strong they could be used in emergencies, in factories or on construction sites in the future. Geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off.
Sergio Gomez has been excavating a tunnel in Teotihuacan, Mexico, for six years. Earlier this month he found 'large quantities' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed off for nearly 1,800 years. He hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city's king.
Qatar's Constellation Hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company Coroin. The company owns five-star offerings Claridge's, The Berkeley and The Connaught. It is not known how much the deal is worth, but could be worth up to £1.6billion. Country also owns stakes in flagship British companies including Barclays Bank, Sainsbury's and IAG. Qatars royal family owns more of London than the Crown Estate and is planning its own palace.
Susie Clark, of Evening Shade, Arkansas, found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on Thursday. Clark, who first visited the park 33 years ago with her mother and grandmother, prayed to God, asking, 'Are you doing to bless me and let me find a diamond today?' Shortly after praying, Clark said she spotted the diamond sticking out of a ridge of plowed dirt. She named the teardrop-shaped diamond the Hallelujah Diamond, claiming that her prayer helped her find the gem.
Len Blavatnik topped the Sunday Times Rich List with a fortune of £13.2bn. Brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja were pushed into second place with £13bn fortune. Queen's wealth grew modestly in the last year by £10m to £340m, leaving her at number 302  down from 285 in 2014. Rules of the list have changed to stop counting the value of assets such as the royal art collection, which could not be described as personal wealth.
Amanda Goff, known as Samantha X, is a former journalist and mother of two. The 40-year-old wrote a book about her experience as a high-class escort in her new book, Hooked. She said she was shocked her revelation garnered so much attention from the media, with interview requests flooding in from news organisations all over the world. Ms Goff said the most troubling part of her coming out experience was the response she received from other mothers, who expected her children to endure a life of misery because of her abnormal profession. But
Gable Tostee will remain behind bars for dangerous driving charges. The 29-year-old was four times over the legal limit when he incited a high speed police chase as he drove two passengers home to the Gold Coast. Tostee was on bail for the alleged murder of Warriena Tagpuno Wright when he was sentenced to 10 months behind bars. New South Wales police deployed road spikes in an effort to stop the accused murderer who was travelling at speeds of around 200 kilometres an hour. Police will allege Ms Wright fell to her death from the 14th floor balcony of Tost
A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters at Zetland in Sydney's inner-east on Saturday evening. She was one of two people that had become trapped in rising waters that was spotted by a police rescue squad officer on his way to work. The incident was just one of many flash flooding rescues that emergency services had attended from 4pm. Marble-sized hailstones pummelled multiple suburbs in Sydney and the Blue Mountains, coating streets and backyards in sleet. Two factories at Huntingwood, in western Sydney, have collapsed due
Patient being tested for suspected rabies at the Royal Victoria Hospital, Belfast. Public Health Agency said they had recently travelled in an area affected by the disease. Results of the 'complex' series of tests are not expected to be known until next week. Lisa McMurray died at the same hospital in 2009 after contracting rabies.
SBS football reporter and presenter Scott McIntyre took to social media to tweet 'inappropriate' comments on the day of the centenary services. The tweets were met with disgust by social media users who began the hashtag #sackScottMcIntyre. Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull also chimed into the discussion, calling the comments 'offensive' Twitter users labelled McIntyre's comments an 'Un-australian anti Anzac disgrace' SBS managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from its employee's beliefs.
LaTasha Gosling, 27, and her two daughters, Janyaa, 4, and Jenika, 8, and son Landen, 7, were murdered early Wednesday by Gosling's partner Steve O'Shaughnessy. O'Shaugnessy, 23, was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in Prince Albert. He sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children's father Jason Gosling the day before his birthday. Police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with Gosling alive and unharmed. Latasha
Alondra Luna Nunez was mistakenly flown to Texas on April 16. A judge in the western state of Michoacan ruled in favor of a Houston woman who believed she was her daughter. She was returned to her family in Mexico on Wednesday after DNA testing in the United States showed she was not the long-missing daughter of Houston resident Dorotea Garcia. Video footage of Alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case.
The Anthem Of The Seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 passengers this summer. The 4,180-passenger ship set sail on its maiden voyage from Southampton last week. Passengers have wristbands fitted with electronic chips, which can be pressed against sensors. 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies.
Architect and photographer Yener Torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city. The 32-year-old spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold, geometric buildings to photograph. There has been an explosion in construction business in Turkey in the last 10 years with many new structures.
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim are willing to pay almost $70million for Josh Hamilton to play in Texas, according to reports. The 33-year-old outfielder still has about $83million left on the five-year $125million deal he signed with the Angels in 2012. He admitted to relapsing with drugs and alcohol in February and has been on the disabled list all season. Hamilton filed for divorce from wife Katie in February, around the same time he self-reported a cocaine and alcohol relapse. They married in 2004 and have three daughters together, but court documents show Hamilton is
A 26-year-old man is in a critical condition after being bitten by a shark at Fishery Bay, on South Australia's west coast. The man has been identified by the Adelaide Advertiser as Chris Blowes. Witnesses said the six-metre shark was swimming away with the surfer's leg and a surfboard in its mouth. Mr Blowes was taken to hospital before being airlifted to Adelaide for further treatment. A friend of Mr Blowes, Ty Swan, described him as a 'good bloke' and that he had been bitten in the middle of
Ron Ingraham, 67-year-old fisherman from Hawaii, is missing again after his boat ran aground on rocks near Lanai island on Friday. In December he was rescued after being stranded at sea for 12 days after a storm knocked out his engine and pummeled his boat with 20-foot waves. His sailing mate, Kenny Corder, was thrown into the water with him, and the two were clinging to a life ring to survive. The two hadn't spoken in more than 15 years when he went missing the first time.
Melissa Klein and her husband Aaron refused to bake a cake for Rachel Bowman-Cryer and her wife Laurel in January 2013 because they disapprove of gay marriage for religious reasons. The couple filed a civil rights suit and said that they had received death threats and were worried about losing their foster children after the case received widespread attention. An administrative law judge said Friday that the Kleins discriminated against the couple and caused them emotional distress. Oregon prohibits businesses from discriminating based on sexual orientation and the Christian bakers were found guilty of discrimination earlier this year. They closed their bakery in 2013 amid attention drawn to the
18-year-old Xie Xu carries his 19-years-old classmate Zhang Chi to school each day. Zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy, a condition that weakens skeletal muscle. Each day Xie carries his friend from their rooms to the school, and back again. He also helps him with daily tasks such as getting meals and washing clothes.
Craig 'Lazie' Lynch shows off his toned physique in series of audacious self-portraits. Lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies in Bedford Prison. He is said to be earning a fortune by running illegal websites selling legal highs. The 34-year-old is in constant communication with more than 400 'friends' on Facebook.
Fred Pagan, 49, has been charged with trafficking drugs from China. Police seized 181.5 grams of the date rape drug GBL from his home. Pagan has worked for Sen. Thad Cochran (R-MS) since he was 16 years old. Was paid $160,000 in his Senate role last year.
Splendour of the Seas is sailing away from RCI to Thomson and will get a new name. Magellan, new flagship of the Cruise & Maritime fleet, recently christened in Tilbury. P&Os smallest ship, the 700-passenger Adonia, was built in 2001 as R8
Tracey Woodford, 47, has been missing since 12.45pm on April 21 in Rhydyfelin, Wales. She was reported missing the next day and her body was discovered at a flat in Pontypridd. A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after police discovered body. Ms Woodford is believed to have been attacked in woodland before being taken back to flat. Police have been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect, named locally as Christopher May.
Surgical unit at St Mary's Hospital, London, has not accepted new patients. Eight patients found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae, or CPE. Antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in bloodstream and urine. If all goes to plan, Duchess of Cambridge hopes to have her baby at Lindo Wing of the hospital.
The 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed a fortune of £70 million since bursting onto the scene eight years ago. Less than a decade ago he was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet. His earning power is nothing short of breathtaking - last year alone he earned £45 million. In 2008 he stormed the stage at an X Factor performance to protest what he called the programme's obsession with fame.
Coke has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red to 'help make our consumers aware of the full choice available to them within the Coca-Cola range' Fans have taken to Twitter to express their discontent at the changes, which have left many a bit confused. Coca-Cola says it is 'encouraged by the reaction we've had to the changes'
Ed Miliband was accused of trying to score political capital from the tragedy. The Labour leader said the crisis was 'in part a direct result' of PM's Libya policy. Miliband said he was making a'very important point' about post-conflict planning. Tory source said Miliband was effectively 'accusing the Prime Minister of murder' Former foreign secretary William Hague said it was a 'new low in shallow opportunism'
PM was outlining his vision for black and ethnic minority communities in Croydon. He said: 'We are a shining example of a country where multiple identities work' But he didn't correct himself until asked about the gaffe afterwards and blamed 'brain fade' The PM has been a fan of Aston Villa since his teens and was taken to a game by his uncle. Last week he tweeted his delight at Villa reaching the FA Cup final by beating Liverpool.
Four members of the Royals and three from the White Sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl. Major League Baseball placed the blame for the fighting squarely on both teams. Royals pitcher Yordano Ventura was handed a seven-game suspension, fellow starter Edinson Volquez given five games and Lorenzo Cain and reliever Kelvin Herrera got two games apiece. White Sox pitchers Chris Sale and Jeff Samardzija were suspended five games each, while catcher Tyler Flowers escaped suspension but joined the others in getting an undisclosed fine.
Sebastiano Quagliata and his wife, Valbona Lucaj, pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling last summer of Craig Sytsma of Livonia, Michigan. Sytsma, 46, was attacked by two cane corsos last July in Metamora Township, 45 miles northwest of Detroit. The father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound dogs while jogging in July, and was'screaming and begging' for help in his final minutes. Lucaj, a native of
Cosmo editor Bronwyn McMahon says she wishes her magazine didn't more thoroughly investigate Belle Gibson before awarding her the 2014 Fun Fearless Female Award. 'If we knew then what we know now, we would never have awarded her,' she said. Gibson, 23, created a social media empire and The Whole Pantry movement on the story of her remarkable cancer survival. Her wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live 'the whole life' This week, in an interview with the Australian Women's Weekly, Gibson admitted she never had cancer.
Grace Mann, 20, was found dead in her home in Fredericksburg, Virginia, last week. Her parents, local judge Thomas Mann and his wife Melissa, paid tribute to their daughter. Described her as a compassionate and principled young woman who wanted the world to be 'a safe place' Steven Vander Briel, 30, has been charged with abduction and murder in her death.
Leslie Roy, 52, and Lee Marie Wright, 56, were visiting relatives in Ishpeming, Michigan, on April 11. Their Ford Explorer got trapped in snow on a little-used road. They survived by rationing eight boxes of Girl Scout cookies, a bag of cheese puffs and melted snow. State police discovered them Friday near Lake Superior in a remote part of the Upper Peninsula.
The New Jersey judge says the concert trip isn't evidence of bad parenting, despite protestations by the father. The girl's parents are divorced, and her father accused his ex-wife of 'abusing her parental discretion' by taking their daughter to the December 2013 concert at the Prudential Center in Newark, as part of the singer's national Truth About Love tour. State Superior Court Judge Lawrence Jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock 'n' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges as referees for warring divorced parents.
Avalanche buried part of basecamp, raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers. A number of Britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake. Among those listed on Google Person Finder is Sebastian Lovera, 22, from Tonbridge, Kent. Laura Wood, 23, from Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, has been trekking in Himalayas without any means of making contact. Carsten Lillelund Pedersen hid behind rocks when avalanche caught up with him at basecamp.
Jenner said 'I've always been on the more conservative side' when asked about LGBT issues. Interviewer Diane Sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her ABC 20/20 special last night. She had mentioned President's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent State of The Union address. He also said in the interview that he still considers himself a heterosexual and discussed his faith and said he was a Christian.
Deputy of disgraced former mayor Lutfur Rahman appeared to blame vote-rigging scandal on 'institutional racism' Oliur Rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism in Tower Hamlets, east London. Comments at odds with legal ruling that condemned predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud. Said he had repeatedly 'played the race card' to silence critics of his predecessor. Both men are both members of the Tower Hamlets First party and are not related. Tory group said Mr Rahman's supporters were in 'complete denial' over the case.
Tourist police officers Samuel Kvarzell, Markus Asberg, Eric Jansberger and Erik Naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the Uptown 6 train this Wednesday. A video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media, gaining them attention from hoards of fans, both male and female. New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton swooned over the 'boy band' of four Swedish cops who broke up a subway fight in The Big Apple this week. 'I was noticing that the moves that they made are very much the same moves that we now teach
Office furniture company Steelcase designed the work space seating to provide privacy in an open office setting. The seating will be available for purchase in late August starting at $2,700. Each WorkLounge features a mini LED task light, a power outlet, personal work surface that adjusts up to a 40 degree pitch, a privacy screen, and a side surface which also serves as an armrest.
'Black Mass' is based on the 2001 book, Black Mass: The True Story Of An Unholy Alliance Between The FBI And The Irish Mob, written by Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill. The film, starring Johnny Depp and Dakota Johnson, is set to be released in September. Steven Davis, 57, of Milton, Massachusetts, believes his sister, Debra Davis, 26, was murdered by Whitey Bulger in 1981. Debra Davis was the girlfriend of Bulger's second-in-command, Stephen 'The Rifleman' Flemmi. Flemmi
Crowds who turned out for the Anzac Day memorial service at Sydneys Martin Place have been left fuming. The Ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute's silence. A contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on. Many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to Twitter to express their anger. Merivale, which runs the Ivy, said the company was 'deeply upset' by the incident.
Angela Merkel has demanded a new EU system for distributing asylum-seekers. She said large countries should be prepared to accept more asylum seekers. The call comes as Europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the Mediterranean. Hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern Africa to Italy. David Cameron insisted the UK would not take any of the refugees.
Plane was believed to be an Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 777 passenger jet. Collision happened shortly before 8am at Tashkent airport in Uzbekistan. Passengers escaped injury, but the crash caused disruption for hundreds of travellers. Incident is the second time in six months two Ryanair planes have collided in Dublin.
Children more likely to engage in risky behaviour when carers are distracted, study finds. Electronic devices such as mobile phones responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions. Neuroscientist claims modern technology could be changing the way our brains work. Professor Susan Greenfield warns gadgets could be altering our identity and behaviour.
A teenager in India's Shimla region gives a playful monkey the middle finger. The monkey interprets the gesture as an insult and launches itself at the man. He is sent sprawling on his back after the monkey lands with its feet directly in his face. Monkeys in the area have a reputation for aggression and biting people who try to flee.
Australian families take their pet kangaroos on walks to the beach, go away on holidays and even attend weddings with their owners as their plus-one. They eat and live like cats and dogs, grow up learning how to hop, let their owners give them regular baths, sneak into the kitchen for snacks, take naps and mingle with other pets. Samantha Wills, from Williamstown in South Australia, welcomed the joey dubbed 'Crash' into her family after he was thrown from his mothers pouch when she was hit by a car.
Peter Moore shocked after receiving letter from HM Revenue and Customs last week. Letter was addressed to'representative' of Peter William John Moore and apologised for family's 'bereavement' It added that officials needed to sort out whether Mr Moore had paid enough - or too much - tax. The 47-year-old pottery factory worker, from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, demanded an apology.
Every village in the mountains has at least one choir, and their own variation of traditional dress. Many hold festivals in the way that English villages stage fetes. Bulgarians love their traditional music and have a TV channel devoted to it. They are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the Voyager 2 space probe, they sent tracks from the album Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares.
Rand Paul shared a 10-second video of himself playing Liar's Poker with Dan Blizerian on his Snapchat account. The professional poker player and self-described international playboy has amassed 8million followers on his Instagram page. Blizerian made headlines last year when a video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool. He was kicked off Snapchat just 24 hours after activating his account for posting a video of naked women in his bed.
Felix David, 24, was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions in New York City's East Village. David was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45pm incident and later died at a local hospital. Witnesses at the scene reported hearing a scuffle before a single gunshot.
SEALS were found at the bottom of the pool at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story in Virginia. Navy spokesman Lieutenant David Lloyd said: 'They were working out in the pool. It was not dive training' The SEALS were swimming in lap lanes and were not wearing gear at the time, WAVY reported.
Paul Shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl at Rydens School in Surrey. The 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and groped her in his car. He was giving one-to-one tuition in a'serious' breach of his position of trust, court heard. Shorter, of Addlestone, Surrey, admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child. Married father-of-one was banned from working with children or having unsupervised contact with anybody under the age of 18.
Linda Thompson, now 64, met Bruce at the Playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife, Chrystie Crownover. They fell in love and got married in Hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son, Brandon. A few years later they welcomed a second son together, Brody. But when Brody was 18 months old and Brandon was three, Bruce revealed to Linda the secret that he finally told the world Friday night. With a'somber look' Bruce told Linda - who had braced herself for the revelation of perhaps an affair - that he identified as
The Football League Awards celebrate the 10th anniversary of the awards. Gareth Bale is joined by seven current Premier League players in the team. There are also three outfielders and a manager still plugging away in the Football League. The Football Manager Football League Team of the Decade is unveiled.
Luke Shaw joined Manchester United from Southampton for £28million in the summer. The left back has started seeing a psychologist as he comes to terms with his move. Shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his price tag at Old Trafford. He has played 19 times in all competitions for United so far this season after twice as many games for Southampton last term.
1st Lt Michael Alonso and 1st Lt Lantz Balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal. One of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in January and was kicked out of the service. Alonso was charged with violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for illegal possession, use and distribution of ecstasy and for conspiracy related to the drug offenses.
Colin Shearing, 70, fled across the Channel to avoid being jailed for a sex attack. He was convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail to 'put his personal matters in order' But Swansea Crown Court heard he had booked himself into the Hotel des Nations in Paris. Shearing then moved to a second and third hotel in a bid to evade police. A European arrest warrant has been issued for the paedophile author.
Phones4U founder John Caudwell bought the Audley Street garage in Mayfair, central London for £155million in 2011. He plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex of five townhouses, three penthouses, a mews home and 21 luxury flats. But it could face trouble getting planning permission - as VIP neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements. The complex is set to fetch as much as £2billion in total, according to one estate agent.
The Royal Family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive. The day began in London with a dawn ceremony at Wellington Arch on Hyde Park Corner, attended by Princess Anne. Later the Queen, joined by the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and political leaders, led the nation during a ceremony at the Cenotaph in Whitehall. Prince Charles was in Turkey with Prince Harry, while Prince William remained in London awaiting the birth of his second child.
John Doyle, 79, was helping two 12-year-old girls cross the road to school in Timperley. Genti Rustemi, 45, drove over the crossing point without slowing without slowing down. Mr Doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the BMW as it hurtled past to show his disapproval. When the driver stopped, Mr Doyle told him to be more careful and to open his eyes. But after Rustemi had dropped off his daughter at a different school, he returned to the crossing. In a fit of temper, he attacked Mr Doyle who was
Rebecca Rice, 16, struggled with her nerves ahead of French GCSE oral exam. French teacher Lorette Esteve told her to bring her pet dog Holly to help calm her nerves. The 11-year-old Labrador sat at the side of the teenager during the five-minute test. Bodmin College staff have worked with pupils to help combat stress during exam period.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring for Derby in the third minute. Tom Ince doubled Derby's lead in the 28th minute against his former side Blackpool. Darren Bent added a third inside the half-hour mark to make it 3-0 on Tuesday night. Bryson completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot in the second half to complete the rout. Derby move up to 16th in the Championship, while Blackpool drop to 13th.
Married mother-of-two Sian Harkin, 54, signed six cheques totalling £30,000 to her builder. Claimed the work was to be carried out at Llwyncelyn Primary School in Porth, Wales. Harkin claimed the money was to build a rain shelter for waiting parents at the school. But the proposed work, which never materialised, was never ratified by governors. Cowboy builder Lee Slocombe carried out £80,000 worth of work at Harkin's home in Pontypridd over an 18-month period from November 2012
Freddie Sears opened the scoring for Ipswich after eight minutes. Cardiff equalised five minutes later through Eoin Doyle's header. Cole Skuse made it 2-1 to Ipswich in the 29th minute with his first goal for the club. Daryl Murphy made sure of the three points in the 90th minute.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is open to offers for the Premier League club. He is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the Baggies. Tony Pulis insists he has been told by Peace that any takeover will not drag on. The Baggies face Liverpool at The Hawthorns on Saturday. Pulis also praised striker Saido Berahino, who has been in the news for wrong reasons.
West Brom chairman Jeremy Peace is hoping to sell the club for between £150million and £200million. Groups from America, Australia and the Far East are believed to be interested in buying. Peace has set a July deadline to complete any deal to ensure it does not drag out. Manager Tony Pulis has been assured the deal will be done by July.
Liverpool lost to Aston Villa in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Sunday. Brendan Rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy at Liverpool. He has spent more than £200million on players since taking charge in June 2012. Analysis by Sportsmail reveals that only seven of those signings have been a success. Liverpool have signed 22 players during his tenure, but only seven can be considered a success at this stage.
Capital One yesterday became first provider to scrap cashback offer for new customers. European Parliament voted in favour of a cap at 0.2% of transaction value for debit cards and 0.3% for credit cards. The cap will apply to all purchases paid for with a card in the EU  either abroad or on the internet. Several credit card companies have millions of customers who earn hundreds of pounds.
North Sentinel Island is located in the Bay of Bengal and is about the size of Manhattan. It has remained untouched by modern civilisation for centuries, despite being populated for an estimated 60,000 years. The indigenous Sentinelese tribe have rejected modern civilisation and have no contact with the outside world. They have been known to fire arrows and rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions. To protect the Sentinelese people - and visitors - the Indian government has established a three-mile exclusion zone around the island.
Adriana Alvarez, 22, says that even with assistance from food stamps, Medicaid, and a child care subsidy, she is barely getting by. She is a leader with Fight For $15, an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize. Last year more than 100 McDonald's employees, including Alvarez, were arrested after they protested a McDonald's shareholder meeting to demand the $15 an hour wage.
Edward Moore, 24, was working at King Edward's School in Witley, Surrey. He had consensual sex with 16-year-old student in his office, Guildford Crown Court heard. After incident, he told her: 'Oh my God, you have to forgive me, you will hate me one day' Moore, from Ascot, Berkshire, was jailed for nine months on Friday after admitting two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17.
Bristol City became the first Football League side to win promotion this season. The Robins defeated Bradford 6-0 to secure their place in the Sky Bet Championship. James Tavernier opened the scoring for Bristol with a neat finish after 16 minutes. Joe Bryan, Luke Ayling, Aden Flint and Aaron Wilbraham also on target for the visitors.
Scientists in Colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle. Every two years it appears 'bands' of magnetic field move to the surface. This combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle, causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections (CMEs) and solar flares that can endanger Earth. The bands appear to take place separately in the northern and southern hemispheres, with activity peaking over 11 months, then dropping over another 11 months.
Trials show Avastin gives women around four months extra life. Drug plus chemotherapy has now been licensed by European regulators. Patients will have access via the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF) Nearly 3,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer in the UK each year. It is the most common cancer in women aged 35 and under.
Thor Dalhaug died an hour after birth following difficult delivery at Lincoln County Hospital. He suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctors errors, ruled Stuart Fisher, senior coroner. Unsupervised junior surgeon tried to deliver baby using forceps in 'unorthodox way' Coroner also concluded that senior managers tried to remove fact forceps had been used from account of birth. United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust put on turnaround regime two years ago.
Dina Amos-Larkin, 21, was attending four-day sports festival in Salou, Spain. She fell while talking to her mother on the phone at Hotel Jaime 1 on April 3. Law student, who represents Great Britain at trampolining, was in a coma for two weeks. A GoFundMe page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get her home.
Philip Gigante, 41, elected into the positions by residents of Airmont, New York. His grandfather Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante was the head of the Genovese crime family. Republican real-estate lawyer will get $25,000 a year for the part time job. He hopes his 'achievements and accomplishments' are what constituents notice.
The man, who only gave his name as Chris, ordered some computer equipment be delivered from Griffith University at Nathan in Brisbanes south to a parcel locker at Sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart. The tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day, two-state odyssey. Chris said Australia Post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay. 'We have grown so accustomed to having Australia post as the only viable option that they've settled for incompetence,' Chris said. He suggested introducing penalties to help improve the quality of service.
Protein World's billboard campaign features a svelte bikini-clad model. Campaign features the slogan Are you beach body ready? The company is facing a massive backlash over its billboard campaign. Vandalised posters, a petition, a protest rally and even a bomb threat. But yesterday the companys marketing boss claimed the firm is just trying to make the nation healthier'
Harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near Tony Hunt's Derby home. Officers knocked on a neighbour's door and asked for a black bin bag for the pet. Witness described seeing them scooping up the cat and putting it in the boot of the car. Mr Hunt spent two days putting up 'lost cat' posters before finding out what had happened. When he contacted police, officers coldly told him Harry had been 'disposed of' The incident is now being investigated by Derbyshire Police's Professional Standards Department.
At least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama on Saturday. Crews searched late on Saturday for at least four people missing in the waters, the Coast Guard said. More than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the Dauphin Island regatta. 'We were probably an inch from capsizing; everybody was ready to jump. I didn't have a life jacket on,' said one sailor.
MoD officials have sounded out Gibraltar as an alternative to naval base on Clyde. SNP want to eject Trident from Scotland, but Tories and Labour have committed to retaining base. Move could cost £3billion and take 10 years to complete, it was reported. MoD spokesman said: 'This is absolutely untrue and we can be very clear'
Duchess of Cambridge could be four days overdue and could be induced this week. Royal's baby is expected before the end of April at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, London. Doctors may already have spoken to her about the possibility of being induced. Prince George was reportedly born three days late when he arrived in July 2013. Favourite dates for royal baby to be born are tomorrow and Tuesday at 6/1.
Planners in Windsor have allowed two Costa cafes less than 500 yards apart. It means there will be two Costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart, plus the Costa Express at a petrol station between them. Latest Costa will open on site of former HSBC branch which closed last year amid protests.
Ian Brady, 77, wrote letters from his bed at Ashworth psychiatric hospital in Merseyside. He was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with Myra Hindley. The victims were lured to their deaths, sexually tortured then buried on Saddleworth Moor. In a series of rambling letters, he wrote: 'I hope UKIP wipes out the Lib-Dems and decimates the Tory and Labour vote, and that the SNP achieves the same in Scotland' It comes four months after Brady expressed no remorse for his killings in a letter to a TV reporter.
Eight-minute video appears to be narrated by a British jihadist fighter. Shows al-Qaeda-linked group celebrating capture of Jisr al-Shughour in northwestern Syria. Syrian government warplanes carried out air strikes on the city killing 20 fighters. City was captured on Saturday for the first time in the four-year conflict by an Islamist alliance.
Max Azria's home is spread across three acres in Holmby Hills, one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city's 'Platinum Triangle' Visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals. There are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore, and that's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater. The house was built in 1939 by architect Paul Williams, who built homes for Old Hollywood stars such as Frank Sinatra and Lucille Ball.
Perry Clawson, a retired Army colonel, set up camp outside University of Florida's Zeta Beta Tau frat house in Gainesville on Friday. He was one of many veterans to respond to allegations that frat members drunkenly taunted servicemen at Warrior Beach, a retreat for wounded veterans. One veteran, Nicholas Connole, said frat boys spat on him and his service dog. Linda Cope, who founded the retreat to honor her son, said she saw students urinating on the U.S. flag. University of Florida has suspended the chapter and expelled three members
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was involved in a car crash last August in Vermont. Current FBI director James Comey and Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy spoke about the accident for the first time last week. They say 64-year-old Freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it weren't for the quick response from paramedics and an FBI agent on the scene. Eight months after the crash, Freeh is still recovering and walking with the aid of a cane.
Simon Wood, 38, from Oldham won Masterchef last Friday. Everything he knows about cooking is self-taught. He learned from reading recipe books and watching TV. Practices on his four children - Liam, 20, Alex, 18, Cameron, 16, and Charlotte, seven. They are over the moon that their father is now following his dream.
New NHS guidelines urge GPs to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s and younger patients. They are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates. NHS says the guidance will improve patients' care but medical professionals say it is 'blatantly wrong' In some surgeries, nurses are cold-calling patients over 75 or with long-term conditions and asking them over the phone if they have 'thought about resuscitation'
London Mayor launches personal assault on rival on Andrew Marr Show this morning. But Ed Miliband laughs it off, saying: 'Come on Boris, you're better than that' Tories accused of 'descending into the gutter' for suggesting Miliband may'stab the country in the back' by doing a deal with the SNP to get into power. Mr Johnson insists Labour can not take power without support of the SNP.
Tayler Chaice Buzbee was forced to make emergency appointment at Aspen Dental facility in Alabama on Friday morning after developing agonizing toothache. She was told the only available appointment was in 20 minutes - meaning she had no time to find a babysitter for her nine-month-old son, Attley. Instead, she was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility. The pair turned up shortly after - but midway through the appointment, baby Attley started to create a fuss. Dental hygienists apparently did not mind Tayler nursing her
272 youngsters left disabled by Foetal Alcohol Syndrome hospitalised in England last year. But the actual number affected by their mother's drinking could be far greater, experts warn. World Health Organisation says at least one in 100 babies born in UK could suffer learning, behavioural and physical problems because of exposure to alcohol. That equates to about 7,500 every year, according to new figures.
Children explain what goes on in their minds when they become angry in new video. 'When I'm mad, my brain can get a headache and it can start hurting,' says one child. Others explain how to use deep breaths to refocus the mind and diffuse anger. Mindfulness is the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and anger.
Six dancers filmed twerking in front of Malaya Zemlya monument in Novorossiysk, Russia. Two were jailed for ten days, while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison. Prosecutors said their 'erotic and sexual twerk dance' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war. Another dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 - with a reprimand handed down to her mother.
Estate agents offering higher 'Cameron price' and lower 'Miliband price' for same property. Wealthy buyers demanding lower 'Ed Miliband' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills. Ed Miliband has pledged to introduce annual levy on homes worth more than £2million. Households worth between £2m and £3m will have to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax. Tories have dubbed the proposal the 'homes tax' and warned families could be dragged into levy.
New Broadcasting House in Central London covers half a million square feet. It took a decade to build and was opened by the Queen in 2013  four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget. Corporation has admitted it 'occasionally' runs out of meeting rooms. Spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during the last financial year.
Dr Alex Zhavoronkov is an anti-ageing expert who believes medical advances will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date. He is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements and regular health checks, while shunning marriage, children and material assets. The director of the UK-based Biogerontology Research Foundation think tank is dedicated to improving the health of the elderly.
Adele McKenzie was set to marry the love of her life, David Elliot, in November 2015. The 31-year-old paid around $1,000 to 'The Bridal Centre' for her dream wedding dress. She started paying in February and planned to pay off her dress by July - around three months before her wedding - giving her time to make alterations. In early April, she received an email from the company saying they were going bankrupt. Ms McKenzie was one of around 140 brides who received the same 'generic' email informing them their dream dresses may not be coming.
University of Bristol study quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students. They were asked to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober, tipsy and drunk. Those who drank one large glass of wine consistently voted'most attractive' But too much booze leads to 'excessive and unattractive' changes in facial expressions. Academics previously confirmed existence of 'beer goggles' phenomenon.
Troopers say 49-year-old Eligah Christian was taken into custody Friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars. He was being sought on a $100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud, 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks. Troopers deployed spike strips to stop the vehicle, but the vehicle struck patrol cars as the suspect tried turning around.
PM will appeal to small firms and the self-employed, saying while Labour sneers at those who work hard, his party backs them. He said he made no apology for focusing on the economy, insisting: Nothing matters more Tories will today unveil a separate manifesto for small businesses calling them the lifeblood of the economy
Average Briton eats four servings of cheese a week, according to new survey. Cheddar is our favourite cheese, followed by mozzarella and red Leicester. A third of Brits say they can't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle. Three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day.
ESPN's First Take anchor Stephen A. Smith has taken a controversial stance on domestic violence. He said Floyd Mayweather Jr's boxing career should be looked at independently from his domestic violence history. Smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence nine months ago. Manny Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach is taking a 'Good vs. Evil' approach to Saturday's fight with Mayweather.
Sydney couple Mike and Sharon Tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming. Sharon trims her husband's eyebrows, waxes his nostrils and trims his pubic hairs. Mike returns the favours with waxing, spray tans and eyelash tints. The twosome met in the UK when Sharon was on a holiday, and Mike was enlisted when she was training to become a professional waxer.
Diana is the favourite name for the second royal baby, according to a YouGov poll. 12 per cent of people think the child should be named after William's mother. Alice and Charlotte were next in terms of preference, getting nine per cent each. If the child is a boy then 13 per cent would like him to be called James, with second favourite name being Alexander.
Prime Minister claims Scottish nationalists 'don't want the country to succeed' Says SNP would prop up minority Labour government to bring forward independence dream. But Danny Alexander accuses PM of 'playing with fire' by stirring up ill-feeling between England and Scotland. Comes as polls indicate the General Election race is still neck and neck-and-neck. Survation poll puts the Conservatives three points ahead on 33% to Labour's 30%.
Broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block inflammation and damage to cartilage. But synthetic version of chemical is too unstable to turn into a medicine in its natural form. UK drug company Evgen Pharma has developed stable synthetic version that offers potential of pill treatment. A single dose of the drug, known as Sulforadex or SFX-01, is the equivalent of eating 5.5lb of broccoli.
Madison Hurd, 16, was hospitalized on Monday with sepsis, a life-threatening complication of an infection. Nurses spent their day off doing Hurd's nails, makeup and hair, getting music and a cake, and decorating her room with streamers and balloons. They even made sure the decorations matched the Great Gatsby-themed dance Hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council. Hurd's boyfriend flew in from Alabama with a tux and a corsage.
Holden have recalled more than 26,000 vehicles after five customers reported 'thermal incidents' The Colorado- SUV and ute models were made in Thailand between September 2013 and January 2015. Holden said the issue is caused by an alternator cable making contact with a steel bracket on the battery tray. They said under certain driving conditions the movement of the engine could cause the cable to rub through the insulation, potentially causing a short circuit.
Zoe O'Connell, who used to be a man, is standing for the Lib Dems in Maldon, Essex. She lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers Sarah Brown and Sylvia Knight. Ms Brown and Ms Knight were once a straight married couple  when Ms Brown was a man. They are now in a civil partnership.
Paula Radcliffe, 41, has won the London Marathon three times. The mother-of-two will bring down the curtain on her professional running career. She will be presented with the inaugural John Disley Lifetime Achievement award. FEMAIL looks back on the career of the inspirational running super mother.
Oil painting was believed to be the work of a follower of renaissance master El Greco. But the selling price suggests it may have been done by the artist himself. It was acquired by the owner's late father in the 1970s for very little. He bought it because he believed it was a depiction of Saint Peter, who shares his name. His son kept it in his loft for eight years before deciding to sell it following a clear-out.
Renee Somerfield has responded to the backlash against her new weight loss advert. The yellow Protein World ad, currently plastered all over billboards around the London Underground, features a bikini-clad Renee next to text reading 'ARE YOU BEACH BODY READY?' The sight of the 24-year-old's curves towering above train platforms caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners. Protein World, who claim that the image is entirely unPhotoshopped, have been actively engaging in the furore on social media, strongly defending their campaign.
Shops are full of red dresses this year, so should you be tempted to trade in your LBD for an LRD? Its a colour that radiates energy and sexiness, but that can all be wrecked if the style doesnt suit you. We asked Kate Battersby to try six looks to see which work  and which absolutely don't.
Professor Stephen Hawking was asked about the effect of Zayn Malik leaving One Direction. The legendary physicist was speaking at the Sydney Opera House as a 3D hologram. He answered the question by saying: 'Finally, a question about something important' Professor Hawking also spoke about the mysteries of the universe, being diagnosed with ALS, and the future of our planet.
Intrepid Travel have cancelled all bookings to Nepal until May 11. Those who have already booked have been offered a full refund or alternative trip. The Foreign Office has advised British tourists to check with their travel provider before heading to Nepal. Nepal expert Jordan Torrilla has warned tourists to expect a 'frenzy' after the disaster.
A police officer in Strongsville, Ohio told a woman to sit in her car with the windows rolled up and the ignition off this month. The woman's dog was left in the car while she was inside a Walmart as she shopped. Last year, a woman in Truth or Consequences, New Mexico was told to sit inside her car after her dog was found locked inside with no ventilation in 90 degree heat.
David Duane Watson, 46, was arrested without incident Saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife Linda Watson, 35, and her mother Marilyn Cox, 63. Linda Watson was reported missing in August 2000 after she failed to pick up her daughter from the home of David Watson. She was last seen by a friend who'd dropped her off following a church function and her body would not be found until 2012. Marilyn Cox was shot dead in 2003 as she tried to exercise her visitation rights over her daughter Jordynn Watson in a drive-by shooting. Her neighbor Renee Farn
Orphaned chimp was found cowering in a tiny wooden box. Traffickers had kept the three-year-old in the box for two weeks. Men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market. They were stopped at a check point trying to cross into Sierra Leone from Guinea, in west Africa, last week.
George Clooney and Amal Alamuddin tied the knot in Venice in 2014. Their wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of the city's most exclusive venues. The Belmond Hotel Cipriani is George's favourite hotel and is just a few minutes by water taxi from Saint Marks Square. Cindy Crawford, Bill Murray, Emily Blunt and Matt Damon, U2 lead singer Bono and Anna Wintour were among guests.
A man driving to work in Alabama suddenly noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week. That set off a chain of events that included a deputy's pursuit, a crash, and an arrest. The truck was stolen from the victim on the man's birthday. Terry Proctor, 29, was captured after a foot chase.
PM was giving a campaign speech in south London when he made the gaffe. He joked that everyone should back Aston Villa but then named West Ham instead. The Prime Minister said he had been 'overcome by something', adding: 'I don't know what happened to me, it was just one of those things' Mr Cameron said he became a Villa fan after watching the team beat Bayern Munich in the European Cup final as a child. But he could not say what year the match took place or who scored the winner. Labour said it exposed the Prime Minister as 'phoney' and
First Minister said Labour leader 'won't have the votes to do what he likes come what may' Comes after Miliband said he would not enter into any deal with SNP after the election. But Ms Sturgeon said: 'I suspect Ed Miliband will change his tune once the votes are cast' Latest polls indicate the General Election race is neck-and-neck, with the country heading for a probable hung parliament and coalition negotiations after May 7.
Karla Hornby, 29, thought she was going to die when she gave birth to Freddie. He was born by emergency caesarean section 12 weeks prematurely in Benidorm. Couple now face being stranded in Spain for at least three months. Mr Jackson, 21, a soldier in the army's Royal Logistics corps, meant to report back for service tomorrow. Family and friends are trying to raise money to help the couple.
A film crew shooting the documentary Lair of the Megashark were just off New Zealand's Stewart Island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator. The men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat, causing it to sway dangerously. Images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food.
Prosecutors said James Holmes, 27, was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training, but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence. The prosecution is trying to prove that Holmes was not mentally ill and knew exactly what he was doing the night of July 20, 2012, when he opened fire during the midnight premiere of the Batman film 'The Dark Knight Rises' If the 12 final jurors decide that. Holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting, he will be committed indefinitely to a. state psychiatric hospital. If not, prosecutors will
Ukip leader Nigel Farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication. He has also pledged to be 'gone within 10 minutes' if he fails to win Thanet South seat. Suzanne Evans, the party's deputy chairman, said she would step in if he quits. But she played down his medical problems, saying: 'His health is fine, his health is absolutely fine'
Made In Chelsea star Mark-Francis Vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches. The 26-year-old is the son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model. He has been collecting watches since his teens and has 16 pieces worth thousands of pounds. His flashiest piece is a Bulgari Bulgari Chrono 42, which he bought for £32,000. Also owns a Cartier white gold Moonphase and a Rolex yellow gold Oyster Perpetua.
Chris Blowes, 26, is fighting for his life after being mauled by a Great White shark. The attack took place at Fishery Bay in Port Lincoln National Park, South Australia. Mr Blowes was bitten in the middle of the thigh and is in a critical condition in intensive care. Witnesses said the six-metre shark was seen swimming away with the surfer's leg in its mouth. He was airlifted to Adelaide's Royal Adelaide Hospital for further treatment. Friends have begun to send their support to Chris and his family on social media.
Prime Minister this morning faced first serious criticism of election campaign so far. Tory donors rounded on party's lacklustre message and failure to pull away in polls. But a defiant Mr Cameron this afternoon pledged to continue focussing on bread-and-butter issues like jobs, business and childcare. He insisted the economy 'excites' millions of people and said he would campaign on'more jobs, more homes, more business, more childcare, more security in retirement'
Veteran presenter Paul Gambaccini has blasted the BBC for destroying the Top 40 show. He said presenters' obsession with discussing sex appeal of pop stars blamed for slump in ratings. Gambaccini said he was particularly annoyed about last week's show when host Clara Amfo appeared to dismiss superstar Paul Simon, who had just topped the album charts.
The FBI is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in Southern California because of a 'known threat' to LAX from ISIS. Officials found out earlier that ISIS called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot. The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security at the other airports. Despite the new security increase, officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation.
Marble-sized hailstones, some up to 2cm in diameter, pummelled multiple suburbs in the city's east and west on ANZAC Day. Social media users shared surreal images of snowmen and even snowboarders on the streets of Sydney. Seven buildings collapsed in western Sydney after they were damaged by the storm, with Fire and Rescue crews still working to assess damage. A woman had to be rescued from her car which had become trapped in flood waters following Saturday's severe storms. An unstable air mass over the top of New South Wales is understood to have generated the east
Shadow business secretary says Ukip 'hates modern Britain' and is infected with racism. Nigel Farage was accused of having 'a problem with race' after remarks last week. Farage said Ukip had one spokesman who was 'fully black' and another who is 'half black' Labour's Chuka Umunna said: 'There is a virus of racism which runs through that party which they've failed to deal with'
Your hands give clues to what is sometimes called brain sex  the way your brain reflects your gender. According to popular mythology, men tend to be more obsessed by things such as cars and obscure facts. Women, on the other hand, are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling. In the SBS One series Horizon Professor Alice Roberts and Dr Michael Mosley examine the links between gender and the brain.
Hudsonian Godwit made a 4,000 mile detour from South America to the West Country. It is believed the shorebird was last seen in the UK in 1988 and was last spotted in 1988. The wader is now inhabiting the same space as its English counterparts, the Black Tailed Godwit. More than a thousand bird watchers and photographers lined the water's edge to catch a glimpse.
Massimo Vian, one of the heads of Milan-based Luxottica, said that his team was looking to improve on the Internet-connected device. Google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch Explorer program for Google Glass earlier this year. Vian told shareholders that his company is 'now working on Google Glass version 2 which is in preparation'
More than 1,000 passengers joined haphazard 1km-long queue outside airport in desperate attempt to flee the stricken city. Despite plummeting temperatures and rain, crowds had started to form outside Tribhuwan International Airport as darkness fell on Saturday night. Many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to India. Tribhuvan International Airport was briefly shut down yesterday due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake.
Danny Nickerson was diagnosed with Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glimoma (DIPG) in October 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments and chemotherapy. Last July, his mother, Carley Nickerson, asked people on Facebook to send him a 'box of cards' for his sixth birthday and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world. To get the mail to his home, it took four trucks and a U-Haul. On Friday, he died of an inoperable brain tumor after a 'courageous 18-month battle' A
More than 2,500 people were killed when a 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Nepal yesterday morning. Monuments in Kathmandu, the capital of the country, are recognised as a UNESCO World Heritage site because of their unique architecture. But several of the city's most recognisable buildings lie in rubble after being brought down by the force of the quake. The Dharahara Tower, which was built in 1832, has almost totally collapsed after more than 180 years of standing in the city. Images of the Durbar Squares in Patan and Bhaktapur, on the outskirts
Abby Lubiewski was born with Hallerman-Streiff, a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts. She can only perceive light and dark when she's not wearing her specs. Her mother Amanda said when Abby saw her school photo she asked, 'What happened to my glasses?' LifeTouch School Photography has apologized to the family and will re-take Abby's school picture for free.
Lesbos was a notorious sexual playground for straight men in ancient times. The island was the Magaluf of its day and a capital for sex tourism. In Ancient Greek, the word 'lesbian' meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man. Sappho: Love And Life On Lesbos will be shown on BBC Four on May 6.
Chelsea Bruck, 22, was last seen in Frenchtown Township, Michigan, on October 26. She was dressed as the fictional comic villain Poison Ivy at a Halloween party. Her body was found on a 13-acre private property near a heavily-wooded site close to train tracks. The medical examiner's office used dental records to confirm the body is Bruck's. Police say evidence indicates the death was a homicide, but cause of death remains inconclusive.
Earthquake struck 81 kilometres northwest of Kathmandu at 06.11 GMT on Sunday. Quake struck just 11km underground, making its effects all the more devastating. Nepal is under constant threat of earthquake of natural disaster. Experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents. Just a week ago, 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital to discuss how the area would cope.
Two-year-old Tommy Cox from Colchester, Essex, has side-swept fair hair and cheeky smile. His mother, whose name is Kate, and father are regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the princes lookalike. Mrs Cox, 35, a sales and marketing manager, first noticed the similarities between Tommy and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's son George when the prince was christened in October 2013. The real Prince George is due to become a big brother at any moment.
Grimes Cottage is a heritage-listed 1830s Colonial Georgian residence with three storeys and six bedrooms. Whaling captain George Grimes built the home along with a row of early 1840s terraces depicted in artist Conrad Martens work in 1843. The 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the Sydney Harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace. It is less than 10 minutes walk to the city's centre with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of The Rocks.
Sarah and Mark Brennan, from south Wales, had ten miscarriages in ten years. They were told they'd never conceive naturally and were put on waiting list for IVF. Last September they defied doctors to have daughter Eryn Elisabeth. Eryn was born seven weeks early, weighing just 3lb 11oz. The couple say they became 'used' to the heartbreak of losing babies.
Around 40,000 people were kidnapped at gunpoint when ISIS fighters attacked Yazidi villages in northern Iraq last summer. Women and girls as young as eight have been held as sex slaves and raped by ISIS fighters. Hundreds of women and girls have managed to escape the Islamic State and return to their religious communities. Some are undergoing abortions and hymen surgery to'reverse the loss of virginity' Doctors in Kurdistan are breaking the law by carrying out illegal abortions and surgeries on the victims.
Major Steve Thompson with the Alabama Department of Public Safety's Marine Patrol Division said that one person was found dead on Saturday. A second person was discovered dead on Sunday morning. Authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the Dauphin Island regatta on Saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people. Not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta, according to authorities, and names of the deceased were not released on Sunday.
María Jose Carrascosa, a 49-year-old native of Spain, was released from jail Friday night. Carrascosa moved her daughter, then 5, to Spain when the girl's father, Peter Innes, was granted custody of the child. She defiantly refused to bring her daughter back to the United States and thus remained jailed nearly nine years. Her release came in part thanks to a letter written to the court by Innes that said: 'I did all I could, including petitioning the judge, to help get your mom released'
Guests attending London service told not to act in 'triumphalist' way to avoid upsetting French. Invitation to St Paul's Cathedral event says it'must not be seen as triumphalist' Instead, it will focus on the 'pan-European' implications of the battle and the century of peace. Move criticised by politicians who said it 'took political correctness to an absurd new degree'
Anais Zanotti, 30, has modelled for Playboy, GQ, Esquire and Maxim. Moved to the US eight years ago to follow her dream of being an international model. She has had 1,350 dives and is now an instructor, teaching other adrenaline junkies. Admits she loves the freedom of skydiving, saying: 'Your brain stops thinking'
$2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage. The works were stolen from property investor, Peter O'Mara's Darling Point home in 2010. Three years after the theft, police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a Wiley Park property. In a discovery described as 'quite remarkable', all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found.
Ivan Milat was 17 when he shot and paralysed Neville Knight in 1962. Alan Dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars. Milat's brother, Boris Milat, has now confessed to knowing the truth about his brother's first crime. Dillon confessed to the crime in an attempt to protect his brother. Boris Milat said he also lied to protect a brother, but was confessing to bring closure to Dillon. A new report claims Milat could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers. If Dillon had not been jailed for his first
Joshua Quincy Burns, formerly of Brighton, Michigan, was sentenced to three years' probation with the first year served in Livingston County Jail for second-degree child abuse. He and his wife, Brenda Burns, say he grabbed their daughter Naomi's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in March 2014. Joshua claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table. His now-one-year-old daughter suffered several injuries, including seizures, hypothermia, hypotension, bradycardia, apnea and retinal hemorrhages
Scott McIntyre has been sacked by SBS over his 'inappropriate and disrespectful' ANZAC day tweets. McIntyre called Anzac day an 'imperialist invasion' and accused the Anzacs of committing war crimes including 'widespread rape and theft' His comments sparked outrage on social media, with social media users calling for him to be fired. SBS's managing director Michael Ebeid was quick to distance the media company from McIntyre's comments. Twitter users accused SBS of being 'complicit' and labelling the tweet a 'token apology' S
Megan Sheehan, of San Francisco, was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at Santa Rita Jail. Sheehan claims that camera footage of Bay Area Rapid Transit officers and Oakland Police conflict with what police say happened - that she was guided to the ground after 'violently punching' Body camera footage shows two officers grab her arms and slam her to the floor. Her attorney John Scott said she was uncooperative, and that he believes the excessive force was intentional.
The scent of Marsha Yumi Perry, 36, was tracked through a field by a Washougal police dog on Friday, who stopped within five feet of the hole she was hiding in, according to police. Perry was arrested on charges of felony hit-and-run, driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant after she allegedly struck a five-year-old boy with her truck. The boy suffered a cut to his face as well as scrapes to his knees and elbows and was taken to a hospital.
Bill Spedding, 63, was arrested and charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault on Wednesday. He was a person of interest in the case of missing toddler William Tyrrell. The 63-year-old was living with three young boys at the time the toddler vanished. Spedding was charged with the sexual assault of two girls aged six and three in a caravan in Sydney's west in 1987. Police say the charges are unrelated to the disappearance of the missing boy. A court heard that a three year old girl was sexually penetrated four times and assaulted
James Hayward's Nerf gun was confiscated at East Midlands Airport. The four-year-old had arrived at the airport with the toy packed in his hand luggage. Security officers frisked the boy and demanded he hand over the toy gun. They also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child. East Midlands Airport said 'no items may be permitted through security that resemble a prohibited item' The £6 toy was described as a semi-automatic soft dart gun by its manufacturers.
Putin said phone records show contact between North Caucasus separatists and US secret services. He said he raised the issue with then-US President George W. Bush, who promised to 'kick the ass' of the intelligence officers in question. But he claimed a few days later the heads of Russia's FSB received a letter from their American counterparts, which said they had the right to support opposition forces.
Robin Barton was just four hours old when he was found abandoned behind a dumpster in Santa Ana, California, in November 1989. Retired police officer Michael Buelna heard a'very low meow' and thought it was a cat. After moving some trash he discovered Barton's infant body and tried to give him a tiny bit of breath. Barton was adopted by Elizabeth Barton and Daniel Fernandez of Orange County. The two met for the first time since the incident, which occurred 25 years ago, last week and embraced.
Katia Apalategui was inspired after seeing her mother cope with the loss of her husband by clinging to his pillowcase which his smell clung to. She came up with a more permanent way to capture a person's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning. The 52-year-old has teamed up with the Havre university in France, where researchers have developed a technique to reproduce the human smell.
SNL star Cecily Strong hosted the annual White House Correspondents' Dinner. She made media outlets promise not to report on Hillary Clinton's appearance because it was 'not journalism' Strong also said that US's tense relationship with Israel could be fixed if the country'made a generous donation to the Clinton Foundation' She also poked fun at President Obama's graying hair and police brutality. The funny lady wore a stunning J.Mendel gown to the event.
From sweeping curves of Arizona's The Wave in the U.S. to the Fairy Chimneys of Turkey's Cappadocia, the world's most beautiful landscapes are all around us. Millions of years of erosion, explosions and a touch of folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world.
LeBron James was at practice with his Cleveland Cavalier teammates on Saturday at the TD Garden in Boston before their game against the Celtics. During a break in the action, James decided to practice his long-range shooting. He grabbed a basketball and flicked it with relative ease at the hoop at the other end of the court. The one-handed shot, which traveled almost the entire length of the 94-foot court, dropped through the basket with an audible swish.
Survation poll for the Mail on Sunday shows a three-point swing towards the Tories. The Conservatives are on 33 points, followed by Labour on 30, Ukip on 18 and the Lib Dems on 9. Nigel Farage's Ukip is also gaining support from Labour voters in the final weeks of the election. English voters are worried about the influence of Nicola Sturgeon and Ed Miliband.
Hippopotamus stands its ground against hungry lions in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park. At first the hippo tries to scare the lions off before wandering towards nearby water. However, as the lions continue to prowl, the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards them. The dramatic stand-off was caught on camera by researcher Brent Stapelkamp, who has been studying the behaviour of lions in the reserve.
Courtney Terry, 27, has a kidney cancer so rare it does not have a name. She was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother Jordan seven years ago. Despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal, the cancer returned when she became pregnant in 2009. Courtney had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart Billy Webb in seven months' time. But doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition. Friends and family are now furiously fundraising in a bid to fulfill her final wish.
Temitope Adebamiro, 35, was charged with murder on Friday after her husband's death was ruled a homicde. Police were called to her home in Bear, Delaware, early on Thursday morning because of an 'unknown problem' When they arrived at the home, they found Adeyinka Adebamio, 37, unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes. She told police he had physically abused her while she was pregnant, cheated on her with several women and sent her to Nigeria.
Jeremy Clarkson was seen laughing with a warden who tried to ticket his car. Traffic warden recognized the former Top Gear host and the pair chatted for a few minutes. The warden then appeared to walk away without leaving a ticket on the Lamborghini. Clarkson was also spotted at Stamford Bridge, cheering on Chelsea at 0-0 draw with Arsenal.
Christian Trousedale, 18, walked the elderly man to his front door in Horwich, near Bolton. His act of kindness was seen by Samantha-Jayne Brady, who took a picture of them. The picture has been 'liked' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people. It's attracted attention from all over the world, with more than 50,000 shares in Dubai, Australia, the United States and elsewhere. Christian said he was 'blown away' by the reaction to an act of 'just something I would normally do'
Protests to demand answers in the case of Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died in Baltimore Police custody last week, descended into chaos on Saturday night. After a few hours of peaceful demonstrations, scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside Camden Yards, where the Baltimore Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox in ten innings. Spectators at the game were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police, who allowed them to exit shortly after 10pm when the game ended. Outside, protesters threw objects at cars, kicked windshields, smashed windows and threw
The man, believed to be in his 20s, suffered head and chest injuries. Medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash. His jeans were left on the underside of the car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free him.
Sandie Konopelski of Shiloh, Illinois, was struck and killed by a St Louis MetroLink train. The 58-year-old died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene. She was responding to a call about an opossum on the tracks around 8am on Friday. Swansea Police Chief Mike Arnold said officials don't know why she didn't hear the train.
Hawthorn coach Alastair Clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man, thought to be an Adelaide Power fan, after his team's loss to Port Adelaide on Saturday night. Clarkson was approached by the man as he made his way back to his hotel room. The man reportedly 'got in his face' yelling 'Hey Clarko, how was the win today brother?' The Hawks coach was 'pushed and shoved all the way to the door,' says Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox. Former Collingwood and Brisbane coach Leigh Matthews has also come out in support of Clarkson
Jamie Robbins stole £1,600 from Select 'n' Save shop in Kings Norton, Birmingham. 35-year-old handed himself into police a year later saying he preferred life in jail. Robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at Birmingham Crown Court on Thursday.
Amira Abase, 15, left Bethnal Green Academy in East London with two classmates. Shamima Begum, 15 and Kadiza Sultana, 16, are believed to be living in Raqqa, Syria. Amira has now tweeted picture of Western-style dinner with another 'jihadi bride' Shows fried chicken, chips, pizza and kebab meat, and says it was with 'um_ayoub12' Earlier this year teen Um Ayoub said she wanted to 'behead some kafirs'
Andy Erlam has announced he will stand to be the next Mayor of Tower Hamlets. He was one of four petitioners who won High Court victory to kick out crooked mayor Lutfur Rahman. Rahman was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in May 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes. Mr Erlam, 64, is following in the footsteps of Martin Bell, the former war reporter who stood as an 'anti sleaze' candidate and beat MP Neil Hamilton in Tatton.
Tracey Woodford, 47, was found dismembered at flat in Pontypridd, south Wales. Her body was discovered with'massive injuries' on Friday afternoon, police said. A 50-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and will appear in court. Family of Ms Woodford have paid tribute to'very kind-hearted' and'selfless' woman. She is believed to have been attacked in woodland before being taken back to flat. Police are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
First-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to £300,000. They will also have priority in the sale of new homes under a Labour government. Miliband will say Labours reduction in the rate of stamp duty to zero would benefit nine in ten buyers. The tax break  which would last three years  would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance and higher levies on foreign buyers.
John Caudwell, 62, says visitors to Staffordshire mansion have felt a bed vibrate. He says it is the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to Cromwell in 1650s. Businessman bought Broughton Hall 20 years ago for £800,000 and is now worth £10m. Caudwell sold Phones4U in 2006 for £1.4bn and is the 42nd richest person in Britain.
Acting CEO Maura Pally said the Clinton Foundation'mistakenly combined' government grants and donations. She said the charity would'remedy' any errors but stressed the total revenue was reported accurately and that grants were properly broken out on audited statements on its website. Pally said that money received from a businessman when he was seeking State Department approval for selling his company to Russia could not be disclosed under Canadian law. A government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a'slush fund' for the Clintons.
Lord Greville Janner could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia. The Labour peer is accused of molesting young boys in children's homes in 1970s and 80s. Prosecutors say there is 'overwhelming' cause to charge him with 22 sex attacks. But director of public prosecutions said his dementia would make him unfit to plead. Family of the 86-year-old politician have been told he will not face child abuse charges. He could still face civil action from his alleged victims who could claim up to £100,000. Lawyers are questioning the extent of his
All Aboard! The Canal Trip is a two-hour, real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a British waterway at a leisurely 4mph. There is no presenter, narrator, dialogue or music, so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat's engine, the lapping of the water and the local birdsong.
The 26-year-old animal lover has joined forces with animal rights crusaders PETA on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign directed at Harvey Nichols. The campaign comes after the national department store abandoned its ten-year policy. 'Harvey Nichols: Here's the Rest of Your Fur Coat,' the slogan reads, alongside an image of Miss James brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we've been assured.
PC Luke Stanwick, 30, broke his neck while on holiday with his family in Portugal. He is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again. A donation page, set up by close friend Alison Cat, has collected more than £8,000. It reached a staggering £5,000 in the first day as colleagues rallied together.
Ed Miliband is pressing on with controversial plans to cap rents despite warnings they will backfire. Labour leader said rent controls would give 'forgotten' renters a fairer deal by helping those stuck in so-called Generation Rent by soaring house prices. But Generation Rent campaign group said his plans were riddled with loopholes and may make tenants lives worse. Landlords would have to offer three-year tenancies and would be banned from raising rent above inflation during this time.
Survivors have gathered at the site of the former Bergen-Belsen concentration camp to commemorate its liberation. More than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the Nazi camp including diarist Anne Frank and her older sister Margot. British soldiers liberated the camp on April 15, 1945. Today, 70 years on, hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials.
Heckler & Koch G36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30C. It also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight or fired repeatedly. Findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the German-made firearm. Between 2,000 and 3,000 G36 rifles belong to police forces across the country.
At least 17 climbers, including three Americans, and many sherpas died as a result of the earthquake that has killed 2,500 people across the Himalayas. Some people managed to survive, but others are still trapped on the mountain waiting to be rescued. Scott Holder, a financial adviser from Santa Rosa, California, and Jon Reiter, a contractor from nearby Kenwood in Sonoma County, were caught up in the deadly avalanche. Reiter, who was making his third attempt at the summit, called is wife Susan by satellite phone.
The 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears after the alleged attack. She told police that the Tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye. Lennon, 28, was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault. Police are investigating the alleged incident at Suede nightclub in Manchester. The club is popular with Premier League stars, including singer Trey Songz.
Chris Strodder has compiled over 200 lists crammed full of secrets about the world-famous theme park. You will find out how many people have given birth in Disneyland, what the official pet food brand is, and how the ladies' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day. Here, MailOnline Travel looks at some of the more unusual facts that you may not have known about.
Study of 18,500 patients found people with bowel cancer who saw their normal GP were diagnosed, on average, a week later than others. Britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in Europe, and this has partly been blamed on family doctors missing symptoms. Findings show seeing same GP was not linked to later diagnosis for breast cancer or lung cancer.
Maren Sanchez, 16, was stabbed to death at Jonathan Law High School in Milford, Connecticut, on April 25, 2014. A classmate, Christopher Plaskon, has been charged with murder. Sanchez was due to attend her first prom with her new boyfriend last year but turned down his offer to go with him. On Saturday friends and family gathered to celebrate her life with a road race, fried food and live music.
Prince George's brother or sister's arrival will be announced first on Twitter. News of the royal delivery will then be posted on the traditional easel behind Buckingham Palace. When Prince George was born in July 2013 his birth was first announced in an emailed press release. A formal notice signed by the doctors who delivered him was then displayed at the gates.
Whistleblower Tony Brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape, trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called priority crimes The offences, which included car crime, were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last Labour government. It has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at South Yorkshire Police. The targets have been scrapped by the Tories amid concern they were harming policing.
Chris Lewis, 68, has brought unusual court case against ex-wife Nicola, 48. Claims she had sex with another man only months into their 17-year marriage. She had a child as a result but led him to believe the boy was his, he argues. DNA tests now prove that Charlie, now 19, is not his biological son, he says.
Christopher Marinello, 53, has tracked down £250million worth of stolen art. Founder of Art Recovery International set up a sting operation with the LAPD in LA. He is representing heirs of art dealer Paul Rosenberg in bid to recover Henri Matisse's 1921 Femme Assise. It was found in squalid flat owned by Cornelius Gurlitt, son of Nazi art dealer Hildebrand. In 2012 he was central to recovery of £1billion Nazi-looted hoard found in Munich flat.
A wake was held for Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man who died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries. Over several hours on Sunday afternoon, a steady stream of mourners filed into the Vaughn Green East funeral home for a wake. Mourners passed by Gray's silk-draped, white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt, black pants, white sneakers and an all-white Los Angeles Dodgers baseball cap. Some held up signs that read, 'We remember Freddie' and 'Our Hearts Are With The Gray Family' Earlier in
A handful of British tech fanatics took delivery of the first highly sought-after Apple watches last week. But its only one example of a new generation of watches designed to do far more than just tell the time. While these smartwatches might sound as if theyre just for tech-savvy geeks, there are more practical options for everyone.
Prime Minister has written to First Great Western to request it 'urgently review' decision. Rail firm plans to almost double some fares on London-Cotswolds route from May 17. Mr Cameron's Witney constituency is nearest to Charlbury station nearest to his constituency home. Passengers travelling with firm will have to pay £62.40 to come home on evening trains. Other sharp price hikes to be introduced include an off-peak first-class single from Crewe to Northampton. Virgin has said 'vast majority' of price hikes affected 'Virgin Trains-only fares
Fern Britton, 57, reveals how close she came to suicide after her divorce from first husband Clive Jones. Mother-of-four had her first experience of depression as a child and has suffered attacks throughout adult life. She has declared that she has no interest in cosmetic surgery, deciding instead to grow older gracefully. Fern and husband Phil Vickery will celebrate 15th wedding anniversary next month.
Juanette Cullum, 48, was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing and informed American Airline officials. Detectives searched Cullum's Brooklyn home, where they also found 19 Kindle tablets, seven iPads, two laptops and a 'large amount' of toiletries. Officials said Cullum admitted she had been stealing from planes for three years.
A National Counterterrorism Center advisory group, ordered by the White House, is expected to recommend a radical shift in US hostage policy. The NCTC interviewed families of hostages, including the parents of journalist James Foley, who was killed by Islamic State fighters. Foley's mother Diane said officials told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son, and warned that her family could face prosecution for doing so.
Investigative journalists at NBC have been poring over Brian Williams's past reports and statements after he was booted from the top job in TV news. Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he lied about being on a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade over Iraq. Further scrutiny of his record turned up other questionable claims, including dodging rocket fire over Israel and seeing a body floating through New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina. NBC has banned Williams from speaking publicly about the investigation.
Australian historian Dr Jim Penman claims Britons today have lost drive for innovation. Draws parallels between modern-day Britain and Rome in 100BC when city was at its most powerful. Claims we've lived too peacefully for too long and are now 'having fewer children' 'We live in a golden age where there have been no major wars for three quarters of a century'
Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald told to pay back cash 11 months ago. They are understood to be dealing directly with HMRC but have yet to stump up the cash. Band's Icebreaker 'investment' scheme was ruled invalid in May last year. Pressure mounting on band after Gabby Logan has already repaid all the money she owed.
Seven women believed they were in an online relationship with a Mormon man. They were duped by a 24-year-old woman named Kayla who was pretending to be a man in Texas. The women, some of whom attend Brigham Young University in Utah, confronted Kayla on an episode of Dr Phil that aired on Friday. Kayla apologized to the women, saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it's 'difficult' to be both gay and Mormon. Most of the women agreed to forgive her and say they would have been her friend in other circumstances.
Paintings were used to plan the filming of iconic scenes in The Wizard of Oz. One shows Dorothy, Toto, the Tinman, the Lion and the Scarecrow meeting the Wizard. The other, imagining the Emerald City, capital of the Land of Oz, sold for £10,000. Both paintings were from the brush of famed art director Jack Martin Smith. It is thought that after filming was over the studio - Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer - sold off the paintings.
Pippa Middleton is said to have bought biodegradable mull-cloth nappies for the royal baby. Gadgets on the market in 2015 include a machine that makes'shushing' sounds to 'break the cycle of crying' A self-warming bottle that heats up in 60 seconds is also among the latest gizmos. Mummy Mitts attach to the handle bars of the pushchair and a giraffe rocks the crib.
The fossil is being sold by Hong Kong-based experts at Evolved. It is more than 95 per cent complete bone, is 9.2ft (2.8 metres) long and 5.2 ft (1.6 metres) high. The skull belonged to a male Triceratops that lived 66 million years ago. Fossil - first found in Montana in 1992 - is expected to fetch $1.8 million (£1.2 million) at auction. However, the experts have not revealed when the auction closes and MailOnline has contacted it.
Colin, 38, says he's no longer the womaniser we once knew. Hasn't dated in four years and is now a devoted dad to his two sons James and Henry. Was rumoured to have dated Angelina Jolie, Demi Moore, Britney Spears and Elizabeth Taylor. Says he's glad that his drink and drug-fuelled days are behind him.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court's pivotal member on gay. rights, has been marching in this direction with opinions dating. back to 1996. In his most recent gay rights decision for the court in. 2013, Kennedy rejected a legal definition of marriage limited to a man. and woman for purposes of federal benefits, Kennedy deplored. that U.S. law for making gay marriages 'unequal' With 37 of the 50 states now permitting gay marriage, many because of judicial orders, it seems unlikely the country's highest court would reverse course. A ruling is due by the
Japanese photographer Uruma Takezawa spent 1,021 days on the road, to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries on four continents. Born in 1977, the Japanese artist first began his career as a marine photographer, travelling the world to capture breathtaking underwater vistas. He discovered a passion for photographing the unknown, travelling alone by bus, train, on foot and horseback to reach his far-flung destinations. His enlightening body of work is a celebration of the connection that exists between people and the land.
Hani al-Sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting. These include Jihadi John, whose real name is Mohammed Emwazi, from London. The radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood as the notorious murderer. He has blocked attempts to deport him for more than 15 years citing his human rights. But despite being added to the UN's al-Qaeda sanctions list ten years ago, he has temporary leave to remain in the UK.
Rochelle Holmes, 26, ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week. She also smoked 20 cigarettes a day and became out of breath walking up stairs. Doctors told her she was at risk of suffering a stroke and could die before 25. Decided to lose weight and quit smoking after receiving stark warning about her health. Swapped takeaways for healthy alternatives and controlled the amounts she ate. Now a size 12, she says she 'wants to be healthy forever'
Corinthian Colleges was one of the country's largest for-profit educational institutions and ran Everest and Heald brands. It collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of US higher education. The closure comes less than two weeks after the US Department of Education announced it was fining the institution $30 million for falsifying job placement data and altering grades and attendance records.
Susannah Ross, 20, told friends she was going trekking last week. She has not been heard from since Friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in Britain. A number of Britons were climbing Mount Everest at the time of the disaster. Others were staying in Kathmandu or trekking through rural areas.
Geoff Haigh, 61, wanted to marry long-term partner Heather, 54, after terminal cancer diagnosis. Landlord from Oldham, Greater Manchester, was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. Couple settled on Manchester venue as it was close to their home and settled on ceremony. But the couple's special day descended into farce after a series of blunders and errors. Guests forced to listen to wedding song 'Wonderful Life' 10 times in a row due to a blunder. Their marriage certificate was recorded with the wrong date on, rendering it invalid. Mr
George at Asda has unveiled its 'luxury christening range' inspired by Prince George. Prices start at just £4 and range includes an embroidered dress, lace collar gown, sateen romper, bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks. A full outfit for the babys big day costs just £20 and in anticipation of the royal birth, Asda also launched a new regal-inspired gold cot for £69.
The horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in Chongqing extends 87.5ft from the edge of a cliff. It is the longest cantilever bridge in the world, beating Arizonas Grand Canyon Skywalk by 16.4ft. Located in the Longgang National Geological Park in south-west China, the bridge has been named Yuanduan, meaning at the end of the clouds It can accommodate up to 200 visitors at once, with each one paying an admission fee of 60 Chinese yuan (approximately £6.30 or $9.60) to
CT scans of teeth found at Riparo Bombrini in western Ligurian Alps in 1976 and Grotta di Fumane in western Lessini Mountains in 1992 proved they belonged to the Protoaurignacian culture. They are the oldest modern human remains in Europe and show modern humans arrived in southern Europe around the same time the Neanderthals disappeared. The arrival of this modern human culture marked a turning point in humanitys evolution and led to the rapid disappearance of their cousins. Neanderthals were the dominant human species in Europe for around 250,
Libyan convicted of 78 crimes cannot be deported from Britain because he is an alcoholic. Judges rejected Home Secretary Theresa May's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of 'unacceptably savage' abuse he faced in Libya. In what is thought to be an unprecedented case, he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal.
A hue of blue inspired by the waters of Hawaii is a prominent feature of the Obama state china service being unveiled by the White House. Michelle Obama's office says the first lady chose what's being called 'Kailua Blue' to distinguish her family's china from the red, green, blue and yellow used on more recent state services. Pickard, America's oldest fine china company, has been in business since 1893. The solid white dinner plates are edged in gold; the service plates have a wide gold rim and the presidential coat of arms at the center.
Valerie Jackson's son RJ suffers Netherton's syndrome, a rare congenital skin disease. His skin appears red and scaly and is often covered in dry skin that looks like scales. While out shopping with her son, Mrs Jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police. A member of the public had called officers reporting the 35-year-old for child abuse. They reported fears Mrs Jackson had been abusing RJ, who suffers from the condition. Mrs Jackson said she is also subjected to cruel taunts in the street from other mothers.
Dr Sanjay Gupta, who is in Kathmandu to cover the earthquake, performed a craniotomy on a 15-year-old girl after a wall of her family's home fell on her as she collected water outside. Sandhya Chalise, who lives in a more remote area of the country, only reached the hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake and by that point, blood had collected in the top of her brain. Gupta said the girl was just one of many people walking through the doors with head injuries at the overstretched hospital, which is struggling to
The unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped Thursday in a parking lot in Loveland, Colorado. In the phone call, the dispatcher asked '911, what's the address of the emergency?' 'I don't know. I'm locked in a trunk,' the woman said. Estes Park officers responded and got the woman out, after finding her car keys.
A Reddit user decided to write a biting leaving note to their boss to announce their impending departure. In the note, the Reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration and discontent with the company policies as well as the lack of emopion shown during recent events. They apologise for the death of a step-mother, sickness and  subsequent doctor's appointments.
The image was re-posted to Twitter on Sunday by an anti-ISIS activist in Syria. Terror experts have revealed to Daily Mail Australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity. The image has yet to be verified but it bears strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda. ISIS has made it a policy to groom children to take part in jihad, brainwashing them from a young age.
Sophie Wilson, 17, performed CPR on Bradley Parkes after finding him. The 16-year-old was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital in a coma. His mother Tiffany, 35, revealed he had made a'miracle' recovery. Mother-of-five said he had been tormented for months by a gang. She slammed police for failing to take her repeated complaints seriously.
Retired four-star general and former NSA chief issues stark warning. 'The greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure. We are not prepared for that,' he warned. He envisioned a worst case-scenario where hackers targeted oil refineries, power stations, and the electric grid.
Children living in Pakistan's slums are often forced into relocation due to fighting in tribal areas. The amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of Islamabad and Rawalpindi, with swing rides and street food markets. Many of those who are enjoying the rides have fled their villages due to the fighting between security forces and militants.
Classic FM presenter John Suchet, 71, in mourning after losing wife Bonnie, 73. She died yesterday following her decade-long battle with dementia. Suchet has been extremely open about his wife's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship. He has appeared to confirm he is in a new relationship with a woman called Nula.
Chief executive of Europe's largest budget airline made the vow in an interview. He said Ryanair's average fare could be as low as ¬40 (approximately £26) next year. It would be a ¬6 (£4) decrease from Ryanairs current average ticket price of ¬170 for a short flight. Air France spokesperson told MailOnline Travel that the airline is not responding to Mr O'Leary's comments.
Property analysts say move would take Britain back to 'dark days of Seventies' Institute of Directors describes land grab as a 'Stalinist attack on property rights' Sites still left idle could be compulsorily purchased for use by another developer. Miliband also wants to link rents to inflation under new, three-year contracts.
Jeremy Jackson, 34, was taken into police custody on Saturday for assault with a deadly weapon in West Lake, LA. The 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a knife on Friday - his relationship to the man is not clear. Victim told police the man was Hobie - Jackson played Hobie Buchannon, the son of David Hasselhoff's character Mitch Buchannon on Baywatch. In January, the former child star was kicked out of UK reality show Celebrity Big Brother for groping a glamor model in a drunken stupor.
John Hancock repeatedly called his sister 'fatty' and 'hopefully you will have another man to take care of you' in 2004 and 2006 emails. Bianca Rinehart was reduced to tears after being forced to sign a deed against her interests, the Federal Court in Sydney heard. She and her brother John Hancock want to increase their stake in the family company, Hancock Prospecting. The siblings want to access to records of mining profits, and accused their mother of defrauding them of billions of dollars. They are disputing ownership of assets and shares the family's mining companies.
Lisa McElroy, 50, reportedly sent the explicit link to her Drexel University students under the subject line 'Great article on writing briefs' on March 31. McElroy said she was'mortified' and 'in terrible shape' when she found out what she had done, she wrote in a column for the Washington Post. The legal writing professor, who earned a doctorate from Harvard Law School, writes that she was sure she had lost her 'dignity forever' when news of the scandal first broke.
John Sims, who had Burkitt's Lymphoma, died on Saturday, with his new wife Lindsey by his side. The pair married March 21 at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center. After the wedding they set off on a a cross-country road trip last week, hoping to make it to visit John's friend Dave in Oregon. But their journey came to an end when John's condition worsened and they had to go to a hospice in Grand Junction, Colorado.
Bali Nine member Myuran Sukumaran has requested to spend his final days painting. He painted a self-portrait of himself with a bullet hole through his heart in his heart. His brother, Chinthu, has pleaded with the Indonesian president to call off the firing squad. Sukumaran's lawyer was pictured removing the morbid paintings from the death row inmate's cell. The Bali Nine pair will be executed just after the stroke of midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST) The date - April 29 - became official when a local funeral director in Cilacap
Nicholas, 25, and David Pence, 56, shot dead 'execution-style' at home in Metairie. They had been celebrating football game in their garage, or'man cave', on Wednesday. David, an oil company manager, was shot three times in the chest while sitting in an armchair. Nicholas was shot in the face and back, and his mother found him on the floor. Dexter Allen, 17, and Haraqyon Degruy, 18, have been charged with double murder. Police believe it may have been a botched armed burglary,
Joyce Cox was strangled to death on her way home from school in 1939. Her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer. Now, her cousin Terry Phillips, 71, has accused police of a 'cover-up' Metropolitan Police said information could not be released about her murder because it is unfair to the mystery suspect. Family believe that had the murder occurred in modern day then killer would have been caught.
Vladimir Bukovsky, 72, has lived in the UK since he fled the Soviet Union in the 1970s. Fled after he smuggled to the West 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric hospitals. He was arrested for spreading anti-Soviet propaganda and spent 12 years in prison. Now he has been charged with making and possessing indecent images of children. Bukovsky will appear at Cambridge Magistrates' Court on May 5 after police investigation. Denies the allegations and says he will fight the charges against him.
Nursultan Nazarbayev has won the presidential election with 97 per cent of the vote. The 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989. International monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates with most of his vocal opponents either being jailed or fled abroad. Nazarbayev said it would have been undemocratic for him to make his victory more modest.
The ocean-going tug MV Hamal was intercepted by the frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter Valiant about 100 miles east of the Aberdeenshire coast. The crew of the Hamal, nine men aged between 26 and 63, were detained for questioning by investigators from the National Crime Agency's Border Policing Command and later charged with drug trafficking offences.
Judith Russell's daughter Katherine married Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 Boston marathon. Her words came as jurors decide whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre. Tamerlan was killed in a police firefight a few days after the bombing, which he masterminded. Russell told jurors she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship - and that at some point was shocked to find her wearing the veil and a new convert to Islam.
Princess Leonore, 14-months-old, wore a traditional lace mantilla for the visit. She was cradled in the arms of her mother, Princess Madeleine, 32, who is six months pregnant. The Duchess of Gotland is due to give birth to her second child this summer. Her older brother, Prince Carl Philip, 35, will marry fiancee Sofia Hellqvist in June.
Collin Burns completed the puzzle in just 5.25 seconds, breaking the world record. The US national'speedcubing' champion was at an official Rubik's Cube event in Doylestown, Pennsylvania. Other teenagers can be seen chatting in the background as they complete their own puzzles.
Kayla Mooney, 24, of Danbury, Connecticut, was charged on March 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boys girlfriend to school officials. The boy involved with Mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year, which appear to be supported by emails between the pair. She is the third area teacher to face sexual misconduct charges since February.
Paul Gilbert said it was like having a manager you don't rate but still support the team. He joked that he hoped his 'off-piste' comment would not 'find it's way back' to Labour. Also blasted Labour's 'entirely unsatisfactory' policy on tuition fees at a university hustings. Miliband has promised to cut fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000 if he is elected on May 7.
Matilda Fitt was born nine weeks early in Barry, South Wales, weighing just 2lb 12oz. She was chosen to play baby Julia Poldark, who died from putrid throat, because of her small size. Matilda was in and out of hospital for check-ups and tests for months after birth. But last September she was finally discharged from consultant care and won the part of Julia. Millions tuned in to watch the series finale last night, and were shocked by the death of Ross and Demalzas baby daughter. 'We want everyone to know that
Photographer Jeffrey Milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes, shedding light on what happens to the devices after tragic crashes. Despite the name, the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters. Black boxes record flight data and conversations between pilots, and are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane's crash. Mr Milstein's work saw him gain access to air safety storage facilities where data recorders end up following an accident.
Renee Bergeron, 38, from Washington state, photographs children with special needs as superheroes, dressing them up with capes, goggles, and wands. Mrs. Bergeron's first subject was her own son, Apollo, who was diagnosed with a rare heart defect when he was 18 months old and has a feeding tube in his stomach.
St Patrick's Parish in Stephensville, Wisconsin has discontinued its Original Pig Rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition. Global Conservation Group, an animal advocacy group, launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs. It garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event. The group also accused the church of being in violation of Wisconsin Chapter 951, Crimes Against Animals, which outlaws cockfighting, dog fighting and any other fighting between animals or animals and humans.
Lib Dems admit they are on course to lose at least 20 MPs, but claim this could still be enough to put them back in power. Party sources admit current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties' after catastrophic collapse in support. Instead of battling to win seats across the country, the party has highly targeted strategy, effectively fighting 60 by-elections in constituencies where his candidates stand a chance. Nick Clegg today admitted his party was fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats.
Bonnie Suchet was described by her husband as 'the love of my life' She died on April 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia. Suchet, 71, declined to comment, saying it was a 'private family matter' In 2009 he broke down live on air during BBC Breakfast as he gave account of wife's battle.
Celine Bisette, who wants to keep her real identity a secret, says she is neither 'damaged' nor 'deranged' She started working as an escort as a 19-year-old college sophomore because she couldn't bring herself to do porn and knew she wasn't talented enough to be a stripper. After about a decade in the industry, she is much more reticent about revealing what she does for fear of eliciting negative reactions.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, killed three people and injured 260 others in April 2013 blasts. He is due back in court today where his defence team will begin to make its case. Poll found less than 20 per cent of Massachusetts residents believe he should be put to death. 63 per cent are in favour of a life sentence and 15 per cent want him to spend rest of his life in jail. Last week prosecutors described Tsarnaev as 'America's worst nightmare'
Patricia Wilnecker, 81, fell in love with Lamorna Cove in Cornwall in 1948. She eventually moved to nearby St Buryan and wrote a book about the beauty spot. But she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner Roy Stevenson. He accused her of deliberately hitting his son Daniel, 36, during a stand-off at the entrance. Mr Stevenson said: 'If she wants to be welcomed back, she needs to say to Daniel, 'I am very sorry I hit you with my car'
Unruly passenger was removed by an armed officer, witness said. Thomas Cook flight was taxiing to runway in Red Sea city of Hurghada, Egypt. Man punched bus door and uttered threats as travellers were driven to plane. He boarded the plane despite the drama on the bus, and caused more problems on board.
Prime Minister was giving a campaign speech in south London on Saturday. He joked that everyone should back Aston Villa - but then named West Ham instead. Embarrassed Mr Cameron admitted he couldn't explain what had happened. But he said it must have been because he had driven by Upton Park the day before. It later emerged he flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to London quickly after a day's campaigning. Labour said the gaffe exposed the Prime Minister as a 'phoney'
1.2 million Australians either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner. One in ten admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner, according to a new study. Women are the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour, with 17 per cent of women keeping mum. Generation Y (aged 18-34) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their spending habits.
A 16-year-old student walked into North Thurston High School in Lacey, Washington, on Monday morning with a gun and a cigarette and fired two shots at the ceiling, according to witnesses. Teacher Brady Olson, who teaches Advanced Placement government and civics at the school, knocked the armed student to the ground and pinned him down until authorities arrived, witnesses said. No one was injured in the incident. The shooter is in custody at the Lacey Police Station and a search warrant is being carried out at his home.
Mass cremations have been taking place next to the Bagmati river, the waterway which divides the Nepalese capital. Today, plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across Kathmandu, as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river. As the death toll surpassed 4,000, there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres. The sacred Hindu Pashupatinath Temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies.
Reality star said it was'very disappointing' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office. Kardashian, whose Armenian heritage comes from her father, the late Robert Kardashian, has used her celebrity since 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide. President Obama sent an administration official to Armenia to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by Ottoman Turks. But he refused to call the mass killings of ethnic Armenians a 'genocide' for fear of offending ally Turkey.
Elizabeth Dawes, 39, was told she had grade three breast cancer in July 2013. Doctors at New Cross Hospital in Wolverhampton said she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy. But four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of two other patients, and she'd never had the disease. The mother-of-one, who has an 18-year-old son, is now taking legal action against the hospital. She said: 'I am still in pain now, have lost a lot of sensation in my breasts and the scarring has not improved,
5,000 small business bosses sign letter praising David Cameron and George Osborne. They say they 'would like to see Cameron and Osborne finish what they have started' Signatories - who together employ nearly 100,000 people - say they would 'jeopardise' recovery. Pextume entrepreneur Jo Malone is one of the most high-profile names to sign the letter. She said a Labour government would have an impact on the economy and economy. Comes as the party launches its small business manifesto for the first time.
Charlotte Briggs, seven, was told she cannot attend Lydgate Junior School in Sheffield. She can see it from her bedroom window but was refused a place at her preferred school. Mother Lynne, 49, says taking her daughter there and back would take four hours on the bus. But Sheffield City Council said the school Charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences.
Auckland coastguards received a call out to a homemade boat race on Sunday. About 5 homemade boats were taking part in the annual event. The boats included a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating Subaru car. One vessel capsized just outside of the harbour, causing three people to have a paddle.
Former captain of the fictional Star Trek Enterprise, William Shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with Yahoo News. He wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from Seattle down to California to transport water and solve the state's ongoing drought problem. The pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in California. But the proposal to build the pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared 'highly illogical' by some experts. Since 2000, seven western states in the US has seen their driest periods in centuries.
Leicestershire Police officer said he was appalled by Labour peer's note. Note thanked him for how he had dealt with the issue, and invited him and his wife to dinner. Detectives have carried out four child sex inquiries into Janner since 1991. But attempts to bring him to justice were repeatedly blocked. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said he should have been charged on each occasion. She went on to rule that the 86-year-old peer should not face prosecution because of his dementia. Janners family have issued a statement insisting he is ý
Survivors described running for their lives as a 'tsunami' of snow and ice descended on Base Camp. Up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the worlds highest peak. Aftershocks set off series of further avalanches, prompting fears for Britons among the hundreds of climbers left stranded by the tonnes of debris.
Jay Z launched a stream of tweets on Sunday defending his music streaming service Tidal and saying that 'actions will speak louder than words' The rapper and businessman claimed that big companies are'spending millions on a smear campaign' against the $19.99-a-month service. Tidal launched on March 30 but has fallen out of Apple's top 750 apps after a peak at No. 83 on April 7. The rap mogul paid $56 million for TIDAL's technology in January and relaunched it in March.
Sergeant Edwin Mee, 46, accused of raping and molesting 11 young women. Alleged victims were aged from 15 to their early twenties and were desperate for jobs. Mee, who has served in Iraq and Afghanistan, denies 17 counts of sexual assault, three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets.
The stars of Martin Scorsese's classic 1990 gangster film Goodfellas reunited in New York on Saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie. Stars Ray Liotta, Robert De Niro, Lorraine Bracco and Paul Sorvino were all in attendance although director Scorsese was filming in Taiwan and Joe Pesci, who won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1991 for his turn as Tommy DeVito, didn't show. 'Joe Pesci couldn't be here, but he sent this email: 'F***, f***,. f***,
Three-and-a-half-year-old labrador Baylie lost a stone and a half in eight weeks. Owners Margaret and Patrick Evans from Leeds say he's now 'a different dog' He lost the weight of four chihuahuas on the doggy diet of raw meat, offal and bones. Diet devised by Vicky Marshall, who runs a natural dog food company.
Kristopher Hicks, now 27, was on his way home from a night out with his girlfriend. He was in a taxi driven by Michael Young, 56, in Bath, Somerset, five years ago. Mr Young thought Mr Hicks was planning to 'do a runner' and decided to drive him back to the rank. But when Mr Hicks objected, the driver continued on for almost a mile, leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph. Suffered devastating brain injuries, developed epilepsy and now requires round-the-clock care from his mother.
The Ashbrittle Yew is thought to be Britain's oldest living organism. Churchwarden Charles Doble said the tree is 'looking extremely sick' at the moment. Locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves. But tree expert Dr Owen Johnson said it could just be going through a bad patch.
Bruce Jenner will chronicle his journey as he transitions into a woman in his forthcoming eight-episode docu-series on E! starting July 27. But it is allegedly his sons Burt, Brandon and Brody Jenner and stepdaughter Kim Kardashian who are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their patriarch will reveal about gender change. 'They are warning him to slow down on revealing too much of his journey on reality TV,' a source told TMZ on Monday.
The presence of Blue Origin, LLC, the brainchild of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, barely registers in nearby Van Horn, a way station along Interstate 10. Few visitors are allowed beyond the 'No Trespassing' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the Air Force's renowned Area 51 in Nevada. The privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they've seen, typically citing confidentiality agreements. At the opposite end  of Texas and the competition  is the highly visible SpaceX venture, led by PayPal co-founder and electric car maker Elon Musk. His company
Users can post, explore other people's photos and interact with captions using just emoji. Emojito hashtags work with single emoji, multiple emoji or can be combined with text. Nearly half of Instagram captions already feature the small pictures. The most popular emoji on the site is the crying with laughter face, followed by the face with love hearts for eyes and blowing a kiss.
Sydney electronic duo The Presets published a series of posts on its Facebook page on Saturday night and Sunday morning. Fans were divided on the posts, with some supporting the pair's stance, while others criticised it. 'If you agree with murder, lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes, you are a total c*** and can f*** off,' one post read. The pair will be executed in the early hours of Wednesday morning, Australian time.
Lib Dems admit best hope is to end up with 30-something MPs after May 7, compared with 57 elected in 2010. Party source said best chance of holding balance of power was to finish 'in the 30s' But leader Nick Clegg is still determined to form a coalition with Tories or Labour. He has vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable. First of what he dubbed his 'Premier League policies' is a £5billion commitment to protect education budget.
Mary Cowan, 92, taught at George Watson's College in Edinburgh from 1945 to 1981. She passed away in November last year but her will revealed she had £2million fortune. In her will she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school. The Mary Cowan Bursary will have funds of around £325,000 and will help poorer pupils. Ms Cowan also left money for Alzheimer Scotland and The Royal Hospital for Sick Children.
Border Terrier Molly was on a walk with owner Jane Tipper and her daughter Hannah. Eight-year-old chased a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff in Eype, Dorset, last week. She survived a 250ft fall, including a 100ft vertical drop, but her owner had no way of reaching her. Coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her despite four hours of searching. Three days later, Molly was found in an exhaustive state after walking a mile further along the beach. Fortunately, a dog walker recognised her from missing posters put up in
Daniel Williams, from Toronto, used a GoPro camera to film his office job. Filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee and going to the bathroom. The 90-second video has already attracted three million views since being uploaded to YouTube last week.
Police stopped an unregistered Mitsubishi Pajero travelling along the Stuart Highway in Katherine,320 kilometres southeast of Darwin on Sunday. Four unrestrained children were sitting in the back seat of the vehicle. Police seized 20 kilograms of the depressant drug Kava divided into 862 deal bags. A 39-year-old man and a 26-year old woman were arrested and charged. They will appear in Katherine Magistrates Court on Monday.
Elena Klimova, 26, runs Children 404, an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination. She regularly receives obscene hate-filled rants from strangers telling her she's 'disgusting' and should kill herself. Klimova managed to track down the social media accounts of many of her trolls, and has posted their vile messages along with candid photos of each sender to a Russian website called VKontakte. The activist fought back by publishing the messages under the title 'Beautiful People And The Things They Say To Me'
Sophia explains the baby-making process in a very cute way. The video was created by The Next Family, an organisation that supports diverse families. There are approximately 594,000 same-sex partner households. Around 27 per cent of those homes have children.
Oscar Hernandez Jr, 24, pleaded guilty in January to charges of transporting firearms across state lines; obstruction of justice; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering. The Florida resident shipped three guns including FEG 7.62x39 Hungarian rifle, to Aaron Hernandez in the spring of 2013. Hernandez, 25, was found guilty April 15 of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of semi-professional football player Odin Lloyd.
Maitland local Karen Newton played the bugle at the Kurri Kurri dawn service. She was on her way to Gillieston Heights to deliver food to stranded residents of the town. When she got to the water's edge at Testers Hollow, she plucked her cornet from her car and played the song. The residents were separated from the town by massive flood water and were holding their own unplanned service to remember Anne Jarmain, who lost her life in the floods last week.
Hillary Clinton, 67, will be 69 when she becomes the 44th President of the United States in January 2017. If elected, she will be the second oldest ever to open the doors to the White House. A black-and-white photograph showing Hillary as a toddler has been posted on her Twitter account. The image shows her pointing at the camera with the phrase 'Hillary's counting on you', echoing Lord Kitchener's famous slogan 'Your country needs you'
State-of-the-art South Glasgow University Hospital opened today with a fleet of robots delivering linen, a children's cinema and helicopter landing pad. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said it proves SNP's commitment to the NHS. But Ukip said the hospital had been funded with English taxpayers' money'shovelled' to Holyrood  despite gaping holes in hospital funding south of the border. Last year, 19 NHS trusts were referred to ministers after auditors raised concerns about their financial health.
A family have claimed the body of a baby girl who was found buried on Maroubra Beach last year. Two boys aged six and seven found the'very small' infant while digging in the sand on November 30, 2014. NSW Police were unable to locate the family of the abandoned baby. A service will be held for Lily Grace on Wednesday at the Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park. Filomena D'Alessandro and Bill Green have named the infant, who they have named Lily Grace. The couple have been trying to claim the baby's remains since January.
Miranda Ashley Calvin, 19, was arrested by Gresham police on Sunday afternoon. She allegedly hit 49-year-old Jerrie Ann Horning with her car and fled the scene. A white Mercedes Benz had been spotted fleeing the scene and was later seen by a person who was listening to a police scanner. Calvin was arrested and booked into Multnomah County Detention Center on manslaughter.
French artist Vincent Lamouroux has painted derelict motel in LA's trendy Silver Lake neighborhood completely white. The seedy motel, which has been closed for years, was actually named the Sunset Pacific Motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby Bates Avenue. He said he chose white because it 'could bring the most light and could cause a sort of bedazzlement' It will be guarded for two weeks before the weather and graffiti artists inevitably reclaim the building.
Jonathan Keats, an experimental philosopher, hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in Massachusetts with his'millennium camera' The camera, which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside, will create one image that Keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment. The resulting image will be of the Holyoke Range, a picturesque mountain chain that scientists believe has existed for 200 million years.
Ian, 36, and Nikki, 26, tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in the Santa Monica mountains on Sunday. The actor carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress didn't get dirty, before they shared a passionate kiss. Nikki wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by Claire Pettibone.
Eva Mozes Kor, 81, publicly embraced Oskar Groening in court last week in extraordinary act of forgiveness. She called for the prosecutions of former SS officers to end, angering her fellow plaintiffs. Her co-plaintiffs said she should not have taken part in the trial in Germany. 'We cannot forgive Mr Groening his participation in the murder of our relatives and another 299,000 people  especially since he feels free from any legal guilt,' they said.
Scotland's First Minister said Labour leader had allowed himself to be 'kicked around' by Tories. Called on Ed Miliband to 'be tougher' and 'bolder' in latest Newsnight interview. Polls suggest no one party will have a majority after May 7 and support for SNP at record high. Tories have ramped up warnings about a post-election deal between Labour and SNP.
Vanessa Kennard was one of three nurses charged with mistreating Grant Clarke. Mr Clarke, 45, suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in May 2012 and was left paralysed. His partner Binny Moore planted a secret camera in his room at Sevenoaks Hospital. Footage captured him looking on helplessly as one nurse dug into his feeding tubes. Another clip showed Ms Kennard pulling a help buzzer from his hands. He was also left in urine-soaked sheets, covered in faeces and given drinks. Ms Kennard, Marie Banwell and Sarah
Hundreds of survivalists and so-called 'Preppers' descended on Salt Lake City, Utah, suburb of Sandy on Friday for the nation's first ever PrepperCon. Attendees were shown underground bunkers, learned new methods of storing food, tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies. Also met actors from AMC hit show 'The Walking Dead', including Addy Miller, who acted as a judge in emergency preparedness food cook-off. Vendors who filled South Towne Expo Center on Friday and Saturday showed off an array of gear to help people survive
Broga is a rugged take on the 3,000-year-old. practice of movement and breath. Experts say it sets men free to flex. tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to Hindu deities or. feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel. More gyms are holding classes at enabling men to practice the gentle work-out.
Mark Lawson, 44, was in The Diamond Tap Wetherspoons in Newbury, Berkshire. He agreed to let co-worker Simon Myers eat some chips from his plate at Christmas party. But when Mr Myers started eating an onion ring, Lawson became angry and stabbed him. Reading Crown Court heard Lawson'reacted in a very loud way' to what was happening. Recorder Patrick Hamlin said Lawson had put his job in jeopardy by drinking too much. Lawson was given a six-month prison sentence suspended for a year and a 12-month curfew.
William Schultz, 18, was arrested Sunday afternoon, hours after Jordan Almgren, 9, was stabbed to death in his home in Discovery Bay. Schultz was arrested at a hospital in Antioch at 3pm. A nurse who saw media coverage of the case recognized the wanted suspect. The day before the stabbing, deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of Schultz.
Labour leader Ed Miliband yesterday insisted he would not agree to a 'confidence and supply' deal with the SNP. SNP look set to deprive his party of an outright win and could hold balance of power. But he again refused to rule out relying on SNP votes to pass key legislation. Critics said that would mean a weak Labour government having to negotiate day in, day out with SNP MPs.
Willem-Alexander celebrated his 48th birthday in the Dutch city of Dordrecht. Wife Maxima, 43, and their three daughters travelled through the city by barge. Koningsdag - or King's Day - is a public holiday in the Netherlands and is marked with a royal procession. The Dutch royal couple were joined by Prince Constantijn and his wife, Princess Laurentien.
Amy-Beth Ellice, 17, from Essex started baking at the age of three. She landed her first book deal with her recipe collection Amy's Baking Year at just 14. Her second, all about entertaining, is now firmly in the works. The teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a TV chef.
Protein World advert features a model in a bikini with the question: 'Are you beach body ready?' Campaign has attracted the ire of many social media users and body image campaigners. A change.org petition calling for the ad to be pulled has attracted more than 45,000 signatures. Katie Hopkins has waded into the row, dubbing those who have been vandalising posters 'chubsters' Former Celebrity Big Brother star said they should 'get your a*** running on the road'
A 7.8-magnitude earthquake triggered an avalanche on Mount Everest on Saturday, killing 18 people and injuring more than 60 others. The avalanche started on Mount Kumori, a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from Everest, and gathered strength as it tore across the world's highest peak. Half an hour after the initial quake, another magnitude-6.6 aftershock hit, followed by smaller aftershocks across the region. Survivors have recalled how they felt themselves being dragged by the wind and snow and emerged to find the camp destroyed. One survivor
Oleg Naydenov was carrying 1,400 tonnes of fuel oil when it caught fire in port. It was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island. Three mile slick of oil floating on the surface was photographed from the air last week. Spill is also threatening the islands of Tenerife and La Gomera.
Pritesh and Mansi Gandhi, from Feltham, London, started trying for a baby ten years ago. Mansi eventually became pregnant and gave birth in 2007 but Khushi was so premature. He was born with brain haemorrhages and died after a six-month fight for life. Doctors put stitches in Mansi's cervix in a bid to keep it closed, but they also lost a further two babies in the early weeks of pregnancy in 2012 and 2013. Heartbroken pair had given up hope of ever having a family when Hiral offered to carry their baby
Dozens of people have been clambering around the debris of the Dharahara Tower in Kathmandu to take selfies in front of the wreckage. But one rescuer in the Nepalese capital said those who were taking photographs of themselves and friends were not 'understanding the tragedy' The tower built by Nepal's royal rulers in the 1800s was one of the country's most treasured monuments.
George Osborne admitted he was secretly addicted to hit BBC series Poldark. The Chancellor said the television show was a 'fantastic advert for Britain' and Cornwall. He confessed to a crush on lead character Demelza, played by Eleanor Tomlinson. Mr Osborne said he was 'delighted' that the series had been shot in Britain.
Hannah Wilson, 22, was last seen at Kilroy's Sports Bar in Bloomington, Indiana on Friday night. Her friends put her in a taxi to take her home but she didn't arrive and they called police. Daniel Messel, 49, was arrested hours later and has been charged with murder. Police said the circumstances of her disappearance are 'eerily similar' to the disappearance of Lauren Spierer, 20, who vanished after leaving the same bar in 2011. Spierer's body has never been found and no criminal charges have been filed. Wilson's body was found
Mark Hawkins, 49, was holed up in Greyhound-style bus in Walmart parking lot. He was being hunted in Lane County, Oregon, for failing to appear in court. When approached by police, Hawkins allegedly fired weapon from front of vehicle. Bullet struck police dog Baco in head, prompting exchange of gunfire between officers. SWAT officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at bus. They finally decided to ram an armored car into the vehicle, it is reported. But Hawkins still refused to comply with officers and 'continued to brandish handgun'
Researchers say 75% of extreme hot weather and 18% of heavy precipitation is being driven by global warming. They claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence. As climate change pushes global temperatures higher over the coming decades, humans will become responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events.
At least five tornadoes were spotted across north and central Texas Sunday evening as part of a severe storm system sweeping the region. The storm started Sunday evening in Comanche County, Texas and moved northeast towards the Dallas/Fort Worth area for several hours. One of the tornadoes appeared over Rio Vista, Texas Sunday night and was described as slow-moving and 'extremely dangerous' Nearly two dozen counties were on tornado watch Sunday night through 11pm, with the storm system expected to die out by Monday.
Dr Warren Weinstein, a 73-year-old US economic adviser from the US, and Italian aid worker Giovanni Lo Porto, 39, were killed in a botched drone strike in January. President Obama reportedly granted CIA a waiver exempting the agency from providing proof of imminent threat to the US ahead of planned drone strikes. Without Obama's waiver, CIA operatives would have been forced to gather additional information and surveillance data on the al Qaeda-linked militants targeted in the January 15 strike, which may have delayed it. Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said drone strikes against suspected militants on foreign soil should be run
Ed Miliband will insist he offers 'clear, credible and concrete plan on immigration' He will say: 'We will deal with people's concerns because we have listened, we have learned' But shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper refused to say Labour would put a target on net migration. During Labour's 13 years in power, foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million.
Melbourne couple Euan Ritchie and Jen Martin launched a crowdfunding page to track the numbers of kangaroos in the Northern Territory. Within two days they received a pledge of over $2 billion from Jeffrey Green. But within an hour the pledge had vanished, and they still haven't been able to track down the would-be benefactor. The couple still hope to reach their goal of $15,000.
Paul, 41, lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago. Couple have raised £7,000 so far to honour his memory on this special day. The pair, who live in Clapham, London, ran across the finish line together. For the marathon, the pair wore specially crafted outfits.
Wood Green animal charity has teamed up with app Handy to offer cat fostering service. Cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents. Charity has more than 200 cats in need of good homes, some of which will benefit from being cared for temporarily in a home environment. The service is only available in London within driving distance of Wood Green for now.
Researchers photographed faces and recorded voices of 42 women with an average age of 24. Those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too, according to Vienna study. Women deemed most attractive tended to have lifted jawbones, less robust jaws and fuller lips
Maria Sevilla and her autistic son Tyrone have lived in Australia for eight years. The single mother and her son face the very real possibility of being deported back to the Philippines after their visa expires on Monday. Maria's visa application was rejected 28 days ago because Tyrone's autism would be a 'burden on the Australian health system' The Queensland government labelled the Federal Government's decision to deport Ms Sevilla as 'cold and heartless' Ms Sevilla said she did not want to be a burden, and was working in Australia in an effort to give her son the best possible 'future
Prime Minister John Key said sorry to waitress Amanda Bailey, 26, after she wrote a blog post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour and saying it made her 'uncomfortable' Reddit users started tracking down old pictures and videos of Mr Key touching other young girls' hair and collecting them on a Tumblr page. The waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called Rosie in Parnell, east of Auckland. Key's office issued a statement Wednesday saying he regularly visits the cafe near his home with his wife and has a good relationship with the staff. 'His actions were intended to
Reality TV star, 24, is face of Very.co.uk's #cantwaitforsummer campaign. Shows off toned midriff in cut-out swimwear and tropical print sun dresses. Fitness fanatic recently starred in Made In Chelsea work-out DVD. Says she likes exercise 'where you don't even realise you're exercising'
Several premature babies - and some wounded people - ferried to Israeli military base on one of country's emergency rescue aircraft on Monday. Later in the day, five more infants landed safely in Tel Aviv with their Israeli families. Some were seen resting peacefully in carriers, while others clutched to parents' chests. Israel said it planned to airlift 25 babies born to Nepalese surrogates out of country this week. However, other reports have said that 33 youngsters will be rescued in total. Many Israeli male couples have traveled to capital of Kathmandu to father children with help of surrogate mothers
TV presenter said her sister, Debbie, had managed to contact family to say she was safe after 7.9-magnitude quake struck Nepal on Saturday. She said: 'It's awful, I can barely speak. I'm still quite numb. It's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in Nepal' But in fortunate twist, she said Debbie had not yet reached Everest Base Camp, where a deadly avalanche hit, because she was ill and had stopped off to recover.
Cassandra Fortin was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September. She and her mother initially refused the recommended treatment, saying they wanted to explore natural alternatives. But in January a court ruled that she was not legally mature enough and the state's Department of Children and Families gained temporary custody of her. On Monday she was discharged from Connecticut Children's Medical Center and said she was 'happy' to be heading back to her Hartford home. Her cancer is now in remission.
Kris Jenner looked downcast and emotional as she drove herself to the gym on Monday morning. Close friend Kathie Lee Gifford said on NBC's Today that she didn't know about Bruce's secret and she's still 'trying to get her act together' when it comes to dealing with the news. The Olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on Friday that 'to all intents and purposes I am a woman' and said his third wife Kris, like his previous two wives, knew about his desire to be female. Diane Sawyer said during the ABC 20/20 special that
Isobel Attwood, 16, has been missing from her home in Winchester for two days. Friends say she is in Southampton with a man in his 20s. Teenager wrote on Facebook last night: 'I'm safe and feel bad for all this' Police are concerned for her welfare and believe she could be in Winchester or Southampton.
Dawn, who has had seven miscarriages, was on The Jeremy Kyle Show. She was furious to discover her friend, convicted burglar Jamie, had stolen from her. Jamie, who lives with Dawn and her partner, also called Jamie, has been to prison for burglary. Dawn was going to spend the money on a £500 headstone for her late son Daniel James. When she confronted Jamie and his girlfriend Carol, she was initially met with a flat denial. After taking a lie detector test, she found out the truth and burst into tears.
Dr Xiao-Ping Zhai has been helping women conceive for decades using traditional Chinese medicine. Her methods include acupuncture and prescribing a bespoke combination of herbs. She says she has brought more than one thousand babies into the world. One of them was advertising director Jane Parker's son Rupert, conceived when she was 40. Dr Zhai says acupuncture aids fertility because it 'promotes natural energy flow'
The Keshwa Chaca spans the Apurimac River near Huinchiri, Peru, in the Province of Canas. Local villagers rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their Inca ancestors. It takes three days to renew the 90ft long bridge, which is built in June every year. Each household is responsible for bringing 90 feet of braided grass rope for the bridge.
Chrystie Crownover, the daughter of a Mormon minister, has known for more than 43 years that her ex Bruce believes he is female. She was the first to learn about his gender confusion and has stood by him as they raised their two children. The couple, who married in 1972, separated when she was pregnant with their second child and later divorced. Bruce told Diane Sawyer that 'for all intents and purposes I am a woman' and 'can't live a lie any longer' Crownover said she was'so relieved' the world finally knows Bruce's 'big,
John Goodwin, 75, shot himself outside the Rockingham County Superior Courthouse in New Hampshire on Friday. He was airlifted to a hospital, where he died from his injuries. The jury was not aware of what had happened outside the courthouse when they decided they could not reach a verdict in the case. Prosecutors said that Goodwin, who pleaded not guilty, repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005.
73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to legs and ribs in crash. Her Vauxhall Corsa collided with railings on forecourt of Asda store in Hulme, Manchester. She was waiting from an ambulance with her husband, who has dementia, when thief struck. Thief sneaked into her car and stole the black Garmin device from underneath the passenger seat. A member of the public took a photograph of the suspect as he left the scene. Police are appealing to anyone who might know this man to come forward.
Gel contains platelet-rich plasma (PRP) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing. U.S. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns. It's hoped the gel will allow the wound to start to heal before it can deteriorate.
Ian Pettigrew, 46, from Ontario, Canada, was working on his book of portraits, Just Breathe: Adults with Cystic Fibrosis, when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male. After someone noted that the collection of photos was 'turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with CF', he became inspired to start his second project, Salty Girls. The project's name, derived from the fact that people with CF have more salt in their sweat compared with those who do not, aims to bring awareness to the disease.
Craig Lister, 54, was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012. He is now well and his tumours have shrunk. But the cancer is now microscopic and he is still taking hormone treatment. Hormone therapy for prostate cancer starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes.
Tens of thousands of selfies have emerged on social media to mark the centenary ANZAC Day. Many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up. Others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others. Some people misspelt hashtags such as #leastweforget and others posted inappropriate captions.
Princess, 26, visited the Maple Hayes School of Dyslexia in Litchfield, Staffordshire. She was greeted by a flag-waving crowd as she arrived to open a new classroom. It is the second engagement in less than four days for the Princess. On Friday, she was in Reading to open the Talbot Memorial Garden in memory of Amelia Saunders. The little girl was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour and died in 2013. Beatrice has been criticised for going on 14 international trips in six months.
Extra stretch of coastline on Shiretoko Peninsula near Rausu, Hokkaido Island, Japan, emerged overnight. The land mass measures roughly 1,000- 1,640ft long, and 100ft wide. Geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby, when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop, pivoting the underwater area into the air. Authorities have not been able to determine exactly when the landslide hit the snow-covered coastline.
Loretta Lynch was sworn in Monday as the 83rd U.S. attorney general, becoming the first African-American woman to serve as the nation's top law enforcement official. She said her confirmation as attorney general showed that 'we can do anything' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country. 'We can restore trust and faith both in our laws and those who enforce them,' Lynch said, apparently referring to race-riot clashes between protesters and police. The 55-year-old Lynch was confirmed by the Senate on Thursday following a months-long delay.
Deputy Prime Minister has indicated he will quit as leader if the Lib Dems are reduced to fewer than 30 MPs. But yesterday he insisted he would fight for his job in all circumstances Vince Cable said he hoped to be made Chancellor if Lib Dems form another coalition with Conservatives.
James Staring, a personal trainer, says there are four simple ways to banish belly fat. Avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise. Full body exercises will speed up metabolism and burn more calories afterwards. This will assist in losing inches around the middle. Write down what you eat and how you feel two hours after each meal. Do short bursts of high intensity exercise to increase energy demands and burn calories.
Meteorologists say an east coast low  the same weather system that lashed the state's east coast for three days last week  could hit again. The State Emergency Service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs still to be completed. SES spokeswoman Stephanie Wills says the organisation is concerned that more storms will hamper clean-up efforts. 'We are urging the community to prepare themselves, prepare their homes and prepare their families to prevent further loss and devastation,' she said.
Poldark ended last night with a dramatic cliff-hanger. Viewers took to Twitter to complain of 'withdrawal symptoms' less than 12 hours later. The drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far, pulling in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and a massive 6.1 million for last night's finale.
Most uncomfortable car is the Nissan Note Mk1 with a score of just 80 per cent. Hot on its wheels is the Hyundai i20 with 81.01 per cent and Fiat Panda Mk2 at 81.49. Three designs by German manufacturer Volkswagen make it into the bottom ten. Most comfortable cars in Britain are made by Lexus which has FIVE models in the top ten.
Rose McGrath was dismissed from St Joseph Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, for not meeting academic and attendance standards. The 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments, which started in 2012. Her mother, Barbara McGrath, says her daughter is attending Lakeview Middle School until issues can be resolved. 'It sounds like they're not going to pass her anyway, even if she goes back,' she said.
Christopher Nathan May, 50, is accused of killing Tracey Woodford, 47. Her dismembered body was found at a flat in Pontypridd, south Wales on Friday. May is charged with a single charge of murder and appeared in court today. He will appear at Cardiff Crown Court tomorrow for a plea hearing.
St Ivan Rilski Church is the only remaining evidence of the community of Zapalnya, Bulgaria. Residents lived there until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the Communist regime. The crumbling stone structure now cuts a ghostly figure in a few feet of water at the Zhrebchevo reservoir, near town of Tvardica.
Audrey Hepburn voted most stylish Brit of all time. Princess Diana came second, David Beckham third and Kate Middleton fourth. Victoria Beckham came in at number nine. Biggest fashion faux pas were hot pants for women and ponytails for men. Nearly one in five would scrap a date with someone they did not think was stylish.
Tim Ward and his wife of 38 years, Brandy, were at home in Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014, when tons of debris, soil and rock came crashing down from upland. Brandy was one of the 43 people crushed by the force of the natural disaster. Tim, who broke his pelvis, was buried under 25 feet of mud, but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface. A week later, he was told he did not have 'landslide insurance' - and therefore did not qualify for payment to settle his mortgage. For
Broadcasters, including the BBC, are pushing for the mobile industry to activate the FM chips within smartphones to allow users to access their free radio feature. It is thought many mobile phone network providers are reluctant to allow this because it would reduce demand for data used by streaming internet broadcasts. The National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) in the US, which has been one of the loudest campaigners on the issue, also warns that FM radio on mobile phones could prove vital in an emergency. Norway has become the first country to announce it will switch off its FM radio service in 2017 and other countries
The Only Way Is Essex star said Mr Miliband 'definitely' topped her list of political leaders. She said she would'snog or marry Ed because he's the best-looking one out of them all' The 24-year-old said: 'He had a really great dress sense and looked very dapper. He gets my fashion seal of approval'
The EOssc2 was created at the DFKI Robotics Centre in Bremen, Germany. It can turn on the spot, shrink in size and even move sideways, like a crab, so it can park itself. The car has a top speed of 40mph (65 km/h) and its wheels are individually powered by separate motors so they can turn in different directions. Its unusual design also features a forward tilt and doors that open like the DeLorean in Back to the Future.
Palaeontologists are referring to Chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a 'platypus' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics. The animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it grazed on plants, despite being closely related to carnivore Tyrannosaurus rex. It has leaf-shaped teeth, similar to those of primitive long-neck dinosaurs. Most unusually, the animal was a vegetarian, despite belonging the theopod family of dinosaurs, which were mostly fierce meat eaters. Dinosaur ranged in size from as small as a turkey to 10 ft
Millionaire Gary Lowndes purchased the property in 2013 for $2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property. The Egyptian-themed mansion, advertised online as Pharaoh's Palace, promises a 'perfect private location' on seven secluded acres in Tampa. But Lownds has fallen foul of complaints about noisey private functions held on the grounds. An August 2014 adult-themed party dubbed 'Midsummer Night Wet Dream' got the mansion its first noise complaint. Lownds and mansion's manager Sean Grey, the property's manager, got hit
Bali Nine ringleader Andrew Chan has married his girlfriend of three years, Febyanti Herewila. The pair wed inside the chapel at Besi Prison on Nusakambangan Island on Monday. This comes just months after Chan proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at Kerobokan Prison in February. On Sunday Chan's final wish to spend his last days at church with his family was granted. Myuran Sukumaran has painted a series of haunting self-portraits over the past few days, with titles such as 'The Second Last Day' and '72 hrs just
Kim Richards was arrested at the Beverly Hills Hotel on April 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' at the swanky bar of the hotel. The 50-year-old was kicked out of a bathroom cubicle by police after refusing to come out because she was 'angry and frightened' The former child star turned Real Housewife claims she drove to the hotel at midnight after drinking a large glass of vodka at her daughter Brooke's house. She says she pulled into the hotel because it was a 'comfortable, familiar' place and felt the alcohol taking affect. Richards
A 22-year-old American sailor has suffered serious injuries after plunging into a swimming pool from a hotel's balcony. Emergency services were called to the Parmelia Hotel in Perth at about 1am on Monday. Guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman, who were visiting the city from the US naval ship USS Carl Vinson. Police say the pair were both heavily intoxicated when an argument escalated. The man landed in an estimate 1.3 metres of water and suffered a broken leg. He has been taken to Royal Perth Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Rhiannon Wilkinson, head of Wycombe Abbey in Buckinghamshire said a 'boy free' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex. She also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the 'highly sexualised world' Tony Little, head at Eton College, has previously said single sex schools allow children to retain their 'innocence' and be 'themselves' for longer.
Ashley Arenson said boyfriend Dan Fredinburg, 33, had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted. Fredinburg is one of four Americans confirmed to have died when an earthquake hit Nepal on Saturday, causing a tsunami of snow and ice to engulf the base camp. He had been travelling to the Himalayas frequently as part of the Google Adventures team, who were mapping out routes around the world.
The Navy says a second SEAL has died following a training accident in a swimming pool at a base in Virginia. Special Warfare Operator 1st Class Brett Allen Marihugh of Livonia, Michigan, died Sunday. Marihugh and 32-year-old SEAL Seth Cody Lewis were found unresponsive on Friday at the bottom of the Combat Swimming Training Facility at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Fort Story. While an investigation of the incident is continuing, Navy spokesman Lieutenant David Lloyd said Friday, 'They were working out in the pool...They were swimming. It was not dive training'
George W Bush spoke at a closed-door meeting with Jewish donors in Las Vegas. Suggested Obama's plan to lift sanctions on Iran was not plausible and comes too early. Said that Iran's government and President Rouhani appear to be caving in on nuclear deal. Also implied that America could lose leverage if it relaxes sanctions on Tehran. Comes as John Kerry is due to meet with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif. Bush, 68, rarely ever publicly criticizes his successor, Barack Obama.
Isa Richardson, 46, is a well-known beggar in Maidstone, Kent, with a history of begging. She intimidated a 12-year-old girl into handing over her last 15p of pocket money. Richardson claimed she needed money because her car had broken down, a court heard. Court ordered her to pay £20 to the young victim because of the stress she endured.
Ukip leader says his party is now the'serious challenger' to Labour in northern seats. Accuses Labour of making claims Ukip is racist because it is 'running scared' Calls on Conservative supporters to vote tactically to help Ukip beat Labour in target seats.
Jennifer is a huge fitness fan, and the mother of two has completed triathlons. We reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars. Modified push-ups with your knees on the floor aren't just a cop-out for the real thing.
Karen Bell, 42, met man on dating website Plenty Of Fish and they exchanged flirty texts. The pair met up to act out fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers. She then contacted him and threatened to post footage online unless he paid her £25. Claimed her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish. Bell has been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail at Hull Crown Court.
John Lord, 86, went missing from his home on April 6 less than a week after his beloved wife June, 81, died from a 'catastrophic bleed' to the brain. His family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her. Today officers confirmed a body pulled from the River Trent on April 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner.
Sky launched its Buy and Keep scheme for Sky+HD subscribers in April 2014. It lets people stream movies straight to their TV, or to their mobiles using an app. Firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors and the latest movies are added each week. Recent new releases have included The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1, The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and Paddington. New releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99, but this includes the price of a physical DVD and postage.
Pat Senior, 66, has shared her five-bedroom home in Bolton with the animals. She estimates that she spends £240 a week on food and treats for the dogs. Veterinary bills add another £17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets. Grandmother-of-four currently has 19 dogs in her care, including lurchers, German Shepherds and Chinese Cresteds.
Aussie filmmaker Kieran Murray has released the second installment of his hilarious series which asks Americans to attempt the Australian accent by saying 'G'day mate, how you going?' One man insisted Murray was saying 'Get out (of) my nightgown' Another man insisted he used to live in the back of Britney Spears' dad's house. Children weren't much better and couldn't understand Murray's attempts at the phrase.
Temperatures this week are set to be average for April, with showers and temperatures barely in double figures for most of the country. Sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from the Pennines northwards, and there were small accumulations yesterday in the Cairngorms. Met Office has severe yellow 'be aware' ice warning for north-east Scotland, warning motorists of disruption risk until 7am today. Britain enjoyed one of the warmest Aprils on record, with a 2014 high of 25.1C (77.2F) recorded in Kent on April 15
Polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the Night Wolves. But the group vowed to enter anyway and 15 bikers were seen Monday morning. They were allowed to go on by Belarusian guards but then held in a hangar by Polish officials. Poland is disturbed that the group has rallied against the Ukrainian government and celebrated Russia's annexation of Crimea. The Night Wolves want to travel across Eastern Europe to honour Red Army soldiers who died in WWII.
Geoff Winestock has spoken out in support of sacked SBS journalist Scott McIntyre. The senior writer for the Australian Financial Review labelled Anzacs 'racist yobs' McIntyre was fired on Sunday over his tweets condemning Anzac day as 'the cultification of an imperialist invasion' He also accused Australian Diggers of committing war crimes which included 'widespread rape and theft' SBS Managing Director Michael Ebeid and Director of Sport, Ken Shipp said his 'highly inappropriate and disrespectful' comments have 'caused his on-air position at SBS to become unt
The 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the awards ceremony honouring the best in daytime television. Matt Lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings. Betty White, 93, was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award for her television career.
Betheny Coyne, 24, was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta. Caused her to need open heart surgery three times as a baby and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday. Doctors warned each pregnancy could have placed a fatal strain on her heart. But she defied medical predictions and now, aged 24, she is mother to three healthy children. Fearing her heart is like a 'ticking time bomb', she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family, and will be getting married next year.
Toxicology results released Monday show Linden, New Jersey police officer Pedro Abad Jr. had three times the legal limit of alcohol in his system when he crashed his car last month. Abad and fellow officer Patrik Kudlac were critically injured in the crash while another cop Frank Viggiano and friend Joe Rodriguez died. Hours before the crash, Abad had posted a photo on his Instagram page of three shot glasses filled with 'Jack Daniels Fire on the house'
Nasa scientists in California have revealed an interactive 3Dawn 3D map for Vesta using images from the Dawn spacecraft. The map lets you see features on the surface including craters, hills, mountains and even 'canyons' You can also measure elevation changes and see different measurement data. And a 'gaming mode' lets you fly around the largest asteroid in the solar system using your keyboard's arrow keys. Theres also an option to 3D print an entire model of Vesta.
Colin Pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls. He strangled 15-year-old Lynda Mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath. Three years later he raped and killed Dawn Ashworth, also 15, less than a mile away. Pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to DNA tests on all the men in surrounding villages. His 30-year minimum sentence was then cut to 28 years in 2009, meaning he was supposed to be eligible for release next year. The Parole Board is now reviewing the case of the
Mitchell Keenan, 32, was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago. His sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital. They were so badly diseased that they could not be saved and had to be amputated. Came after Mr Keenan had been living in the tent with his father Keith, 62. Had been evicted from their four-bedroom home in Skelmersdale, West Lancashire, when they fell behind with their repayments.
Prince Harry will not be able to meet royal baby until he returns to UK in mid May. He will be bumped down to fifth in the line of succession by the new arrival. Harry had returned briefly at the weekend to hand out prizes at the London Marathon. Kate and her husband, Prince William, had been told to expect their new son or daughter  who will be fourth in line to the throne  by Saturday.
3AW host John Burns has been named as the media personality who allegedly called Bachar Houli a 'terrorist' at a Richmond Football Club function on Friday night. The radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against Mr Burns. Mr Burns said he doesn't recall making the comment, and is'mortified' by the allegation. Houli is the first Muslim man to play AFL at the highest level.
Leaked information from the NBC investigation into Brian Williams shows he lied about his reporting at least 11 times. Media executives say the leaked information is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network. Williams was suspended with no pay for six months after it emerged he repeatedly lied about being on a military helicopter hit by a rocket-propelled grenade in Iraq. The anchor has up to a $50million contract with NBC and could receive up to $30million in an exit agreement with the network if he leaves.
Tamale Rocks was performing at Chicago bar, Cigars and Stripes, when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass. She filmed a video of the discovery on her smartphone - revealing that opening the door took her into a closet providing a clear view of the stall. Despite public outrage the bar's owner Ronnie Lottz told website Jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it. He insisted that the mirror, which was initially set up as part of a Halloween prank in 2001, has brought his staff 'joy'
Eben Kaneshiro, 35, was charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12. Paramedics were unable to revive him after he was found unconscious around 3am on Sunday. Kaneshiro did not seem suicidal and was checked on at least once an hour as per jail policy, the Deschutes County Sheriff said.
Tactics used to bend the rules were revealed by more than 500 teachers. One in five reported colleagues had written sections of coursework or dictated essays. Details emerged at a Teacher Ethics In Assessment symposium at Oxford University. Ofqual figures show 217 penalty notices were issued to schools and colleges for malpractice in 2013.
Inspectors in Welshpool and Llandrindod Wells accused of being too lax. Powys County Council needs to issue 40 per cent more tickets to break even. In one case, a driver had already overrun their allotted time by 15 minutes. But the warden still appeared to be reluctant to issue the ticket
Man in his 50s was hit by a car at a busy junction in Dezhou City, east China. He was thrown off his motorbike and later died in hospital from his injuries. His brother had died at the same spot eight months earlier after colliding with a lorry. Police are investigating the driver of the car that sped away from the scene.
A petition has been launched asking for Samantha Armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month. The 37-year-old was interviewing non-identical twins from the UK, Lucy and Maria Aylmer. She congratulated ginger-haired Lucy on getting 'her dad's fair skin,' saying 'good on her' Co-host David 'Kochie' Koch seemed taken aback by the comment, taking a confused glance in the presenter's direction. A Change.com petition was launched on Monday and has since been signed by 186 people.
Mark 1 version of Reginald Mitchell's famous design was among the first built in March 1940 but never made it to the Battle of Britain. Spitfire P9374 was being piloted by Flying Officer Peter Cazenove over Dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a German Dornier bomber. Plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years before it was discovered in 1980. It was bought by American billionaire philanthropist Thomas Kaplan who had it restored to its original condition. He plans to donate proceeds from the sale to the RAF Benevolent
Naunihal Singh, 54, woke up great-grandfather Ujjal Singh and slit his throat. Attack in Manchester came after heated argument over couple's lack of children. Ujjal, 63, accused son Yawinder-Pal 'Monty' of 'firing blanks' over failure to have kids. He was pronounced dead in hospital one hour and 20 minutes after attack in Crumpsall, Manchester. Two days after killing, he walked into police station and said: My son is innocent, Im guilty Today, Naun
£2,000 tote bag was a 50th birthday gift for Sabine Smouha from her husband. It was made from the skin of a Nile crocodile, a protected species under CITES law. But it didn't have the required documentation and customs officials seized it. Border Force has repeatedly refused to return it to her, saying it did not have a permit. Now, a tribunal judge has ruled in her favour, saying the crocodile was farmed and she relied on the reputable Japanese manufacturer to get the formalities right.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward Kevin Love dislocated his left shoulder during Sunday's game against the Boston Celtics. Photos appeared to show that Love was dragged by the arm by Boston Celtics center Kelly Olynyk during the first quarter resulting in an injury that forced the forward from the game. 'I thought it was a bush-league play': Love said after the game while wearing a sling. Love intends on returning to the playoffs this season and wants the NBA to review the play.
Archaeologists have found seven human skulls at London Crossrail site near Liverpool Street station. They are thought to date back nearly 2,000 years and were buried in ritual ceremony. Boudiccan Revolt raged from 60-61AD and saw British tribes, under Boudicca of the Iceni, unsuccessfully try to defeat the Roman army. The bones are to be sent away for further analysis, but experts have no 'any answers'
Border collies Ace and Holly were caught on camera performing a balancing act. Using a human as their base, pooches stood up high on their hind legs. Owner and trainer Dai Aoki also works as a dog trainer, and runs the Waterloo, Australia-based company Positive Dog Care.
Furniture dating back to 1820 was moved from library at Ickworth House, Suffolk. It was replaced with four brown leatherette bean bags to encourage visitors to 'dwell and take in atmosphere' Move provoked fury from heritage expects who branded the move'misguided' Similar experiments will take place at nine other of the Trust's venues around the country.
One in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens, survey finds. And of those who do spot the tiny animals, only a quarter see them frequently. Figures confirm fears that the small British mammal is suffering a huge decline. There are thought to be less than 1 million hedgehogs living in Britain today. This is an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013, according to the RSPB.
Alton Hines was waiting for his fiancé, 33-year-old Leah O'Brien, at her home on the night of Saturday, April 25. As he waited for his bride-to-be to return, he received a call from her father telling him she had been in a car accident and didn't make it. O'Brien died at the scene of the crash that night when a car carrying two students on their way to the prom crashed into her Hyundai Sonata. Ramiro Pedemonte, 19, was arraigned Friday on charges including homicide, reckless driving, and serious
Cody Knecht, of St. Tammany Fire District in Louisiana, was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain. In the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp and eventual safety.
Map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side. Will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe. Could provide key insights into dark matter  one of physics' greatest mysteries. Our Milky Way galaxy is in the centre, marked by a cross. Lighter blue and white areas represent greater concentrations of galaxies.
The hats, or 'pukao', were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft (12 metres) tall. This is despite the largest pukaos measuring six-and-a-half feet (two metres) in diameter and weighing 12 tonnes (1,890 stone) Some 1,000 carved Moai line the perimeter of the 12 mile (25km) volcanic island, which is the most isolated inhabited landmass on Earth with just 6,000 residents. It is a mystery as to how the vast carved stones were transported into position.
Brenda Finn, 30, was diagnosed with alopecia universalis at the age of 14. Her body hair and fingernails fell out and she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression. Bullying forced her to leave school and she was home schooled for six months. She says £300 procedure to have eyebrows tattooed on to her face made a huge difference. Says it has given her the confidence to face the world without her wig. Is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the NHS to save money.
Fast food giant Chipotle is making a fresh start and stepping away from using GMOs (genetically modified organisms) as ingredients. Rice, meat marinades, chips, salsa, and tortillas will not be made with GMOs. Chipotle co-CEO Steve Ells has said 'It's relatively easy for us to have all non-GMO ingredients' 'I mean, because we don't have many ingredients in the first place,' he said.
Selina Dicker, 38, ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through Base Camp. She was at the same camp on April 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 Sherpas. Tragedy forced Miss Dicker to abandon her first attempt on the summit. Mother Gail Dicker said: 'She's a very lucky girl. I just want to see her home' Climber Alex Staniforth, 19, from Chester, said he was'very lucky to be alive' Up to 70 Britons are unaccounted for after the earthquake triggered a 'ts
Lib Dem Stephen Gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election. He joked that the dog had 'unresolved anger issues' after posting a photograph online. Lib Dems are on course to lose at least 20 MPs on May 7, party insiders admit. Nick Clegg today admitted his party was fighting 'tooth and nail' in fewer than a tenth of Westminster seats. Party sources admit their current total of 57 MPs will be slashed to 'in the thirties'
Marcus Yensen, 95, and his wife Madelyn, 94, died within hours of each other earlier this month. Madelyn died after suffering a seizure when she was called over to her husband's bedside and was holding his hand. The two married on October 17, 1940, only a month after they met when he took a dance lesson from her at a local studio. A funeral service will be held May 9 at St. Paul's Episcopal Church in Salt Lake City.
Elle, 51, carries pH balance urine tester kit in her handbag. Uses it to check that her body is in an alkaline state. Has been labeled 'The Body' since the 1980s and puts figure down to 'variety' and 'consistency' Last year, she launched The Super Elixir, a range of alkalising food supplements.
Jemma Gawned was one of the housemates on the first Australian Big Brother in 2001. She now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called Naked Treaties. The 40-year-old says the secret to her success is'spreading the vibration of love through food' The Byron Bay-based woman now supplies hundreds of stores in Melbourne with her raw treats. Ms Gawned also opened up about her time on Australia's first series of Big Brother, how she was portrayed, and the lack of support for contestants after the show.
Myuran Sukumaran has pledged to stare down the firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him shortly after midnight Wednesday. That's according to close supporter and artist Ben Quilty, who has taken to the airwaves in a desperate final bid to stop the execution. 'Myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down. That he would stare them down, that no-one would cover his eyes, that he would face it with dignity,' Mr Quilty said. The Bali Nine duo have selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, 82, has spoken out in favor of gay marriage. She has referred to the American public becoming more accepting of gay rights in general. Has even officiated at same-sex weddings and said she understood the symbolic implications. Will be part of a decision which begins hearing arguments tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states.
David Curry, 49, was asked to leave The Wallow pub in Blyth, Northumberland. He had travelled ten miles from home for breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter. Mr Curry was told he could not order a drink because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms. Wetherspoon apologised but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place since 2013.
Sierra Pippen, 20, was arrested at 1.30am on Sunday at a Sheraton hotel in Iowa City. She was charged with public urination and public intoxication and released on $500 bond. Pippen is the daughter of NBA legend Scottie and ex-fiancee Yvette Deleone, whom accused him of domestic abuse several times.
Greystone Park Psychiatric Center, in New Jersey, was built in 1876 to house hundreds of mentally ill patients. But it became one of the largest asylums in the US, housing more than 7,500 patients and reaching its peak in 1953. It was opened to relieve pressure on a nearby facility and covers 678,000 square feet, but was surpassed by the Pentagon in size. The State of New Jersey awarded a $34 million demolition contract to tear down the 6,000-square-foot building. Preservationists are fighting to save it and claim it should be turned into
Waze app allows users to tag locations of parked police vehicles, accidents, congestion, traffic cameras, potholes and more, so that other drivers using Waze are warned as they approach the same location. Several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement. Ismaaiyl Brinsley, 28, killed police officer Wenjian Liu and his partner Rafael Ramos in December while they sat in their squad car. Before killing he was known to have used app to monitor the movements of police.
Ancient Romans, Greeks and Egyptians had to deal with drunkenness for thousands of years. Dr Mark Bellis, honorary professor of public health at Bangor University, is giving a talk at a conference in Las Vegas about the history of binge drinking. He will examine how our distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsibility in regulating nightlife.
Sharon Smith, 43, from Halesowen, West Midlands, was a size 26 when she weighed 20st. She put her weight loss down to commuting to London for her job as a clothes designer. But the turning point came after having to'squeeze' her bulky frame into seats on trains and planes. After quitting her job to go freelance and work from home, she was able to exercise at lunch. Sharon took up running last March and by now was around 13st to 14st.
Sir Frank Kitson, 88, is accused in the case of Patrick Eugene Heenan, a Catholic killed by loyalists in 1973. It is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the Troubles. Sir Frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in Northern Ireland at the time. He learned of legal action in a letter from Belfast law firm at the weekend.
J.M. Giordano, 41, says he was beaten by police at a protest over the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore, Maryland Saturday night. Giordano and a protester were standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he says he couldn't get out of the way fast enough. The two men were both knocked to the ground by the line of police officers who hit them with their shields. A video posted to the Baltimore City Paper's website Sunday shows at least two police officers in riot gear hitting and kicking the photographer as City Paper Managing Editor Baynard Woods
The orchid has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal, to attract insects. But the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known, until now. Researchers found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins. By tweaking them, they can convert this lip into a standard petal. The study extends scientists' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers.
By 2030 up to 170 million hectares (420 million acres) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of Germany, France, Spain and Portugal - could be lost, conservationists have warned. The huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots, based on current trends. Research by wildlife charity the WWF identified 11 'deforestation fronts' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur. They are the Amazon, the Atlantic Forest and Gran Chaco, and the Cerrado in South America, the Choco-Darien in Central America,
Poppy Smart, 23, claims she was wolf-whistled at by builders on her way to work. Marketing co-ordinator recorded constant whistling on her smartphone's video function. Complained to police after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site in Worcester city centre. One of the workers even approached her on the pavement, blocking her way, before saying 'Morning love' after she had ignored a cacophony of whistling.
Nicola Bonn, 34, from London, started a blog called Upfront Mama. It details the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl Poppy, 14 months. One of her blog posts, Why We Need to Stop Justifying Ourselves, went viral. Here, she shares it with FEMAIL.
Undersheriff Tim Albin, of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in Oklahoma, quit his job Monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer Robert Bates. Bates, who was a volunteer deputy, shot dead Eric Harris, 44, after he was tackled to the ground. Video of the killing shows Bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident, and apologizing. Other deputies in the department had expressed concern about Bates' fitness to serve, but were told to hold their tongues.
The 511 elephant tusks, worth $6million (£4m), were seized upon arrival Saturday at a major port in Chonburi province in eastern Thailand. The bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in Laos and Thailand and tracked the containers from Kenya. Thailand is one of the top destinations for African ivory smuggling in Asia and could face international sanctions soon if it doesn't show progress.
Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond were on brink of lucrative new deal. They had planned to stay on Top Gear for another three years before quitting 'with dignity' But Clarkson's infamous 'fracas' with producer Oisin Tymon led to offer being taken away. May revealed he had ordered a £200,000 Ferrari 458 Speciale while contract was still being finalised. He said the 'draft version' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk 'with only a few details to resolve' On future, he remained vague, hinting they may be reunited on screen or
The couple married 'in a private family monastery on the Dalmatian coast,' the actress's rep said. The walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the Castle star's 37th birthday. Soon after they said 'I do,' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings.
Rifaat al-Assad, 77, went into exile in Europe after staging failed coup in 1984. He has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury in Paris, London and Spain. Activists say he stole money while operating at the heart of Syrian regime. His family's assets, outlined by French customs in May, are valued at around £64million. Mr Al-Assad has vehemently denied acquiring assets in France through illegal means. Source close to investigation says he 'had nothing' when he left Syria 30 years ago.
Yves Van De Ven, 37, posted a picture of him'missing' the top of the Eiffel Tower. The Belgian food blogger asked 4chan users to help improve his photo. Since then over 100 photoshopped pictures have sprung up on the internet. From the comical to the absurd, here are some of the best.
The 41-year-old wore a pair of towering heels to the London marathon today. Accessorised with skinny jeans, leather jacket and 'Team Romeo' T-shirt. Wore £1,500 Alaïa Boots, which she has worn on several occasions recently. Check out the edit below for our favorite high street styles.
Ellen Gallant, a cardiologist from Utah, was on Everest when the earthquake struck. The 7.8 magnitude tremor sparked an avalanche that killed 18 people, including four Americans. She and another doctor rushed to help the injured, including a 25-year-old Sherpa. Dr Gallant said despite trying everything she watched the young man die from his injuries. Up to 100 US citizens are still missing following the disaster and at least 3,300 people were killed.
MP passed dossier of information to Home Office hoping it would kick-start police probe. But paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and passed to Leicestershire Police. Revelation will heighten fears that the 86-year-old peer was the beneficiary of an Establishment cover-up. Labour MP Simon Danczuk is calling for the Home Office to 'come clean' over dossier.
Harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time. Scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live. Shining a bright infrared laser on the mouses tongue caused different parts of it and flavour molecules to fluoresce. Using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy, the scientists were then able to pick out individual taste cells within each bud. They were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns (0.0024mm) below the surface of the
While the countdown is on for Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran's execution, many are still holding out a glimmer of hope and calling for mercy. Over 300 people gathered at Sydney Harbour for a candlelight vigil in front of a huge flower wall reading '#keephopealive' on Monday night. Brisbane, Melbourne and Perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo. The two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on Wednesday (3am AEST)
Landen Martin, 2, was struck and killed by the car his 19-year-old uncle Joshua Saunders was driving on Sunday in Gainesville, Georgia. Joshua Saunders was arrested on charges including DUI, reckless driving, leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide. Martin's family said Saunders was not aware that the toddler had run into the path of the car he was driving.
Christi Shepherd, seven, and her brother Bobby, six, died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in Corfu in October 2006. Their father, Neil Shepherd, and his girlfriend Ruth Beatson, were also almost killed by the fumes. The family were staying in a bungalow at the four-star Corcyra Beach Hotel. A boiler expert hired by Thomas Cook discovered the boiler covered in rust from water leakage. Coroner David Hinchliff said: 'The family of these children have waited a long, long time for this day'
Brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after a written apology was splashed across the city's clear blue sky on Monday afternoon. It was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses. Skywriting Services Australia took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal. The author and recipient of Monday's message remain a mystery.
Texas A&M, Galveston, professor Irwin Horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them. In the email - he sent a similar one to administrators - he claimed students cheated in class and participated in 'inappropriate conduct' Horwitz, who has taught at the college level for 20 years, called his class's behavior 'disgraceful' and said he had never failed a class before. The university has said that Horwitz cannot give failing grades to an entire class and each student will be judged academically by the department head.
'Insta-fame' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs, according to leading Australian modelling agencies. Prestigious model agency Vivien's has introduced an 'Influencer' page noting their models' social media stats. Chic Management also started a 'blogger' management division two years ago. 'That line of just being a model is being blurred, people want to know about the model but it's got to be organic, you can smell when its all a bit too staged,' said Paul Thomas from Chic Management.
Derek Murray, a law student from the University of Alberta, Alberta, accidentally left his headlights on all day. When he returned to his car, he found an extension cord and battery charger left by a stranger to help him get his Acura running. Derek was able to get his car started, but when he rang the good Samaritan's doorbell, there was no answer. So, Derek left his own note as a thank you for the kind gesture.
Virginia Trimble Ritter's daughter, Marcia, was raped and choked to death by Jerome Sydney Barrett in 1975. Marcia's body was found 33 days after she disappeared. Ritter's then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos. But last year she asked Mickey Miller, Metro police lead investigator who worked on the case if she could see them. Barrett, 68, was found guilty of second-degree murder six years ago.
Lu Xincai takes his 84-year-old mother to work on the back of his motorbike every day. She suffers from Alzheimer's and used to get lost when she was left alone. He rides the four kilometres to work slowly to make sure she feels safe and so that they can chat.
Marie Teresa Ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges. Refused to show up at fitness to practise hearing at Nursing and Midwifery Council. Also declined to send a lawyer in her place at hearing in Stratford, east London. Allegations relate to her care and treatment of 14 patients at Furness General Hospital. One baby died in February 2004 and another in September 2008 at the Cumbria hospital. In March, an independent investigation found failures led to the avoidable deaths of 11 babies and one mother.
Leo Greene, 39, of Salt Lake City was asked to hand over keys to his car by police. He drove off, crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area. Greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested. Faces multiple charges including driving under the influence, fleeing and resisting arrest.
Jef Rouner said his five-year-old daughter was disciplined for wearing her rainbow spaghetti-strap sundress to school in Houston, Texas. Teachers said the 'full-length' dress violated the school's dress code. The father bought the dress from a store in the mall and previously let her wear it to church.
SNP leader insists she will call the shots in the event of a hung parliament. Vows to use influence of dozens of MPs to get her way for the next five years. But she is not even standing for election to the Commons and will not be an MP. Sturgeon has made clear she would act to 'lock' Tories out of power and prop up Labour government.
Michael Churton from New York, was with four colleagues at the base camp, 17,500ft above sea level, when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow. The 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf, which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with. He said: 'I told the group to get down. It was about 4,000 feet of snow just coming and there was nowhere to run' After the mountains of snow had passed, he managed to dig himself out and began searching for
Keri Davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing. He added that parties in the fictional Ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations. Actor Charles Collingwood also defended the shows editor Sean OConnor.
Taya Kyle, 40, was speaking to ABC's Robin Roberts for a special edition of 20/20 which will air on Friday, May 1. It will be the first interview she has given since Eddie Ray Routh was convicted of killing Chris Kyle and his friend Chad Littlefield in February of last year. Taya has also written a new book, 'American Wife: A Memoir of Love, War, Faith and Renewal' which will go into detail about her marriage and the aftermath of Chris's death. In March, Taya published a heartbreaking letter to mark their 13th wedding anniversary
Ronald Jebson, who was responsible for 'Babes in the Woods' murders in 1970, died of kidney failure. His final wish was for his death to be secret and victims' families only found out 11 days after he died. In 2000 he confessed his part in the deaths of Gary Hanlon, 12, and Susan Blatchford, 11, who he murdered and dumped on the edge of Epping Forest in Essex. Four years later he strangled eight-year-old Rosemary Papper, shose sister Samantha Humbles, 45, said: 'He deserves to
Tony Toutouni, 42, has amassed 750,000 followers on the photo-sharing site. He is threatening to steal the crown from his friend and fellow playboy Dan Bilzerian. Billionaire businessman says: 'Being young in LA and having anything you want, it's not that hard to get any girl you want' He says he has paid for boob jobs and given away truckloads of gifts for fans.
Andrew Silicani, 23, of Cheyenne pleaded guilty on Monday in federal court to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire someone to carry out the murders. He faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer. Silicani was serving a five- to seven-year sentence at the state prison in Rawlins for conspiracy to commit robbery and robbery resulting in bodily injury.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met Monday for the first time since world powers and Iran sealed a framework agreement on April 2. They now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of June 30 to sign a comprehensive accord, which hinges on both sides coming to an agreement on the timing of sanctions relief. Kerry and Zarif reconvened at the Upper East Side home of Iran's ambassador to the United Nations today after their marathon negotiations in Switzerland with several questions outstanding. All the activity was taking place as the Senate begins debate
For many of the residents of Santa Barbara d'Oeste and neighboring Americana in Brazil's southeastern Sao Paulo state, having Confederate ancestry is a point of pride. Thousands turn out every year, including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who, enticed by the Brazilian government's offers of land grants, settled here from 1865 to around 1875. They're joined by country music enthusiasts, history buffs and locals with a hankering for buttermilk biscuits or a fondness for 'The Dukes of Hazzard'
DVLA is scrapping paper counterpart that accompanies all UK plastic photocard licences. Information about penalty points for traffic violations will be held only on DVLA's database. Motoring groups fear switch to fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorists details. Holidaymakers heading abroad will have to log on to DVLA website the day before and put in driving licence number to obtain special code to give to car hire company.
Chandni Nigam, 19, spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school, inquest hears. She would stay up late studying, resulting in sleep deprivation and a negative impact on her performance at school - which caused further depression and anxiety. Tragically, she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a Tuesday to take her life. On February last year, the teenager was struck by a train travelling from London Paddington to Hereford at Twyford railway station.
Guo Kai and Dong Hui, 22, had planned to get married this month in Sichuan. But Dong was diagnosed with bone cancer last month and was admitted to hospital. Guo arranged for professional photographers to come to the hospital to take the pictures. Couple met last year after a mutual friend introduced them and quickly fell in love.
Miriam González Durántez, 46, wore bright pink, long-sleeved dress covered in blooms. Attended LDNY fashion show and WIE (Women: Inspiration and Enterprise) award gala. Wore yellow and pink corsage pinned to her shoulder and £560 pair of pumps. She said: 'It is the duty of every woman of my generation to stand up for young girls'
Mark Lowe, 32, is serving a five-year sentence for killing his brother Wayne. He beat and kicked Wayne to death after he attacked him with a knife. Mark's wife Sarah is now looking after their three young children alone. She said: 'Mark will regret what he did for the rest of his life, because he loved his brother' Mark and Wayne were said to be close, but Wayne had a dangerous temper.
Streaming music service Spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42. Users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today's chart toppers from the likes of Rihanna and Sam Smith. Findings come from study conducted by Ajay Kalia, who oversees Spotify's 'taste profiles' product.
Kim Davies, 60, bought Llanwenarth House in Monmouthshire in 2006 for £657,000. He then spent £1million renovating the Tudor manor house in the Brecon Beacons, Wales. But he has now admitted making dozens of illegal alterations to the house. These included installing shiny mosaic tiles, chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling. Cecil Frances Alexander wrote the lyrics to All Things Bright and Beautiful there in 1848. Davies initially denied five charges under the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990.
iceberg B-34 was spotted breaking away from West Antarctica's Getz Ice Shelf by the U.S. National Ice Center (NIC) It is the 34th iceberg from the 'B' quadrant of Antarctica to be tracked by the NIC. B-34 appears to have fractured and moved out into the Amundsen Sea. Glaciers in this region are losing ice faster than anywhere else on the continent and are the largest contributors to the rise of sea levels.
Sean Jefferson, 45, and Elizabeth Jowitt, 37, admitted handling stolen goods. They decorated their York flat with wreaths, lanterns, trinkets and gifts looted from graves. Some of the items were from graves of babies and others from a grandmother. Couple escaped prison but were given a 47-week curfew and restraining order. Magistrate also banned them from cemeteries in the York area indefinitely.
Former Adelaide doctor Tareq Kamleh appeared in latest ISIS propaganda video at the weekend. He urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-Muslims. The Medical Board of Australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a 'fit and proper person' But no action has yet been taken against the doctor who fled Australia on a flight to Kuala Lumpur last month. Despite his public support for ISIS, he still remains registered to practice medicine in Australia until September 30 because the Medical Board has refused to deregister him.
Lynn, from Chippenham, suffers from scoliosis and hip dysplasia. She and husband Liam tried for a baby for three years so when she fell pregnant, she didn't want to take any risks so stopped taking pain relief for her symptoms. Lynn had hoped for a natural delivery but had to have a c-section as baby was breeched. Now a mother-to-be, she's determined not to let her disabilities get in her way. My Extraordinary Pregnancy airs tonight on TLC.
Royal Baby Gaga ice cream is the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner Victoria Hiley. The 30-year-old has collaborated with London-based ice-creamery The Licktators to launch the dessert. It is made with donated breast milk screened in line with hospital standards and blended with Madagascan Vanilla.
Letizia and King Felipe met with the relatives of some of the 50 Spaniards who died in the crash in the French Alps last month. The Spanish Queen comforted relatives and embraced some of those who lost their lives in the ill-fated flight. She was joined by the Archbishop of Barcelona and Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy at the service in Barcelona's landmark Sagrada Familia basilica. More than 1,000 people gathered outside the World Heritage site to listen to the service.
Joshua Sweet, 20, broke into 24-year-old teacher's home and sexually assaulted her. Judge Mary Stacey admitted the victim had been'scarred psychologically' by the case. But Sweet, from Birmingham, was freed and given a three-year community order on account of an early plea and having spent just two months in jail awaiting his court appearance. Victim Support charity worker said that 'victims deserve justice' after victim was left traumatised.
Ian Rogers, 36, became interested in the supernatural as a child and now owns nine dolls. The dolls are said to contain the spirits of people who have passed on. Ian's favourite doll is Annabel, who he thinks is haunted by a seven-year-old girl who drowned. He will often take his dolls to events and get people to guess their back stories.
Diplomatic cables sent on July 15 warned of heightened risk of flying over Ukraine. Ukraine air force plane was shot down at around 20,000 feet over rebel-held territory. German government failed to pass on the warning, local media reported. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 shot down over eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year. All 298 aboard were killed in the disaster.
Dan Fredinburg was one of four Americans killed when a massive earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday. The 33-year-old Google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend Ashley Arenson just before he left. It isn't known whether he got a chance to read them. Close friend Max Stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on Saturday alongside a tribute. In it he said: 'Your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better'
Patriots coach Bill Belichick was caught on camera ogling model Chrissy Teigen's derriere at the White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday. Teigen's husband, crooner John Legend, was quick to label the incident 'Spy gate' His longtime girlfriend Linda Holliday, who's dated Belichick since 2006, said, 'I think I even looked'
Firefighters rescued the woman's three daughters and a son, ages 9 to 13, at around 1.30pm Sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911. The woman, a single mother who reportedly works at the Philadelphia International Airport, is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child. A family friend said the mother locked her kids in the basement because one of them stole money.
Ed Miliband sets out plans to scrap stamp duty for most first-time buyers. He also wants to ban developers hoarding land which could be built on. Plans trigger drop in the value of shares of construction firms including Taylor Wimpey. Barrett Developments saw shares drop from more than £5.42 each to under £5.32 within two hours of the FTSE opening. Mr Miliband said: 'There's nothing more British than the dream of home-ownership'
Aiken, 36, lost to Rep. Renee Ellmers by 18-point margin in November. Ellmers, an intensive-care nurse by training, won a third term with 58.8 per cent of the vote, compared with Aiken's 41.2 per cent. Aiken's Esquire Network show, 'The Runner-Up,' chronicles his failed bid for a seat in the House of Representatives. 'You should see the second episode, because shes a bitch,' Aiken said of Ellmers. The openly gay Aiken, who is openly gay,
The $39.99 (£26) Nanoheat Wireless Heated Mug is fitted with a rechargeable battery, nanoheater and heat sleeve. It can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68°C and 71°C (155 and 160°F) for up to 45 minutes. The mug weighs a little over one pound (454g) and can be used up to seven times before it needs to be recharged. A built-in timer automatically turns off the mug if its not used for 30 minutes, to conserve energy.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to use St Mary's Hospital in Paddington, central London. Couple's first child, Prince George, was born at the Lindo Wing of the hospital in 2013. Prime Minister David Cameron has backed the royals' choice of private care for Kate's second birth. He said: 'I think it's a total matter of choice for people - where they have their babies'
Fannie Randle has worked at the USC sorority Gamma Phi Beta for 24 years. She had been driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape. USC senior and former president Alicia Jewell and her sorority sisters raised money for Ms Randle's new car on the crowdsourcing website GoFundMe. Last Monday, Miss Jewell surprised the housekeeper with a check for $21,000.
Commuters were left stranded at Waterloo station during rush hour this afternoon. Part of the track between Surbiton and Wimbledon was closed after a person was struck by a train. South West Trains was forced to cancel all of its services following the incident. Delays of up to 30 minutes were still being experienced at 9pm on Monday night.
Dana Vulin was set alight at her Perth home in February 2012. The 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body. Doctors have reconstructed her scorched skin over countless operations. Natalie Dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence was too severe. Her lawyers will argue that Ms Vulin wasn't as badly injured as she stated in court. They are appealing for her sentence to be reduced.
Crown Princess Mary attended an Anzac Day ceremony in Copenhagen over the weekend. The Australian-born Royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial. She wore a striking purple knee-length dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery and gloves. Her attendance came days after she spoke of the grief she endured after losing her mother, Henrietta Donaldson, at 25.
Economy will have grown by 0.5% in the first three months of the year, down from 0.9% in 2014. Latest growth figures will be released by the Office for National Statistics tomorrow. Separate figures show factory output slowed to its weakest level in more than two years. Strong pound and eurozone uncertainty dragged down total output volumes. Tories warn of higher taxes and regulations for businesses if Labour wins the election.
Tortoise retreats into its shell as two curious cheetahs try to scare it out of its shell. Big cats wander off in search of another meal as the reptile scuttles across the desert sands. Amazing scene captured by John Mullineux, a chemical engineer from Secunda, South Africa. 'It was both exciting and naturally beautiful at the same time,' he said.
The 99.7 per cent accurate BioSure HIV Self Test enables people to test themselves when and where they like. An estimated 26,000 people in the UK have HIV but are unaware of it. The testing kit uses a small amount of blood from a finger-prick sample to detect the presence of HIV antibodies, giving a result in just 15 minutes.
Currently mobile phone companies charge up to 20p a minute to dial free numbers. Charges will end from July 1 under proposals published by Ofcom today. The changes were fought by the mobile phone networks, which have been making tens of millions of pounds a year from customers calling the numbers.
Bali Nine ringleaders Andrew Chan and Myruan Sukumaran will be executed at midnight on Tuesday. The pair will be led from their isolated cells in Batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called Nirbaya - or more appropriately known as Death Valley. They will be blindfolded with a piece of fabric before facing the firing squad who will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them. If necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still - a wooden execution chair.
Greg Hardy was seen attempting to drive his Bentley through Dallas flood waters. The 25-year-old was forced to abandon the luxury car when it could not make it through the fast-flowing water. It took officials and a tow truck several hours to pull the luxury Bentley free. Hardy was convicted last year of beating, strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend, Nicki Holder. Those charges were later dropped on an appeal when Holder could not be located to testify. He was then dropped by the Carolina Panthers and signed by the Dallas Cowboys, who suspended him for 10
Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter. iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China, where the company has big hopes for expansion. Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year, making it the world's most valuable company.
Angus Hawley, 46, died of a suspected heart attack in New York on Saturday. He is believed to have suffered a heart attack after'returning from a swim' He was the ex-husband of Antonia Kidman's sister Nicole Kidman. David Hawley says his brother was a fitness fanatic and 'one of the fittest men I've ever met' 'He didn't have heart problems, not that we know of,' he says. Mr Hawley was a father to four children, aged 16, 14, 12, 12 and 8, with Antonia.